At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.About the team:
As part of the Klaviyo Data Science team, you work alongside dozens of other Data Scientists to help solve high-impact problems facing our customers and business partners. Were looking for someone to help support the team responsible for developing customer-facing, chat-based features in the Klaviyo app. This is a relatively new team working with Natural Language Processing (NLP) and other techniques to improve the user experience. Youll be coming in as one of our primary data scientists on the team and will have the chance to radically impact how customers use some of the core features of the Klaviyo app on a daily basis.
Listen to our data science team podcast at https:medium.comklaviyo-data-science and learn more about our technical culture at https:klaviyo.tech 
 
About the role:
Were looking for a motivated Data Scientist to join our team and help build chat-based models for customers into the Klaviyo app. Were looking for someone who can build, train, and deploy models, work directly with technical and non-technical stakeholders to scope projects, and adjust to learnings on the fly. The ideal candidate has a well-rounded background in data science, statistics, and machine learning. They should be motivated to learn about the areas they work in deeply enough to gain expertise, but also efficient and solution-oriented. The right candidate will have a solid fundamental grasp on a number of data science modeling and problem-solving techniques, and should be comfortable working in a fast-paced research and development setting.
You will work alongside a multifaceted team of product managers, product analysts, designers, design researchers, engineers, and other data scientists to focus on integrating natural language based tools into the Klaviyo experience. Think ChatGPT but for marketing automation. You will work with a variety of data science techniques to build features that directly impact how Klaviyo users interface with our platform.
You will also play a role in collaborating with others on the data science team. Youll review their math and statistics work as well as their code to ensure high quality, and youll share your knowledge with the team to help others learn.
 
How youll have an impact:

You will work alongside product managers and design researchers to understand customer pain points and scope potential data science solutions to these problems
The machine learning models you build will fundamentally change the way that Klaviyo customers interact with our platform
You will have an opportunity to own projects from end to end, from scoping to maintenance post-delivery
Your work will require you to read up on recent advancements in LLMs and machine learning, which will help Klaviyo build up expertise in this space
You will execute on technical work, with an emphasis on the ability to work iteratively and adapt to what the data tells us andor changes in businesscustomer needs
You will choose the right solution for the problem at hand rather than relying on one-size-fits-all approaches
You will collaborate with other data science team members and participate in cross-team statistical and code reviews

 
What were looking for:

2 years professional data science experience
Strong fundamental understanding of a variety of statistical andor machine learning algorithms (e.g. regression models, tree-based methods, clustering, neural networks) as well as ways to evaluate and validate the performance of those models
A motivated problem solver who enjoys the high-risk research aspect of data science, i.e. capable and excited to learn from null or negative results and iterate to a better solution
Ability to write clean, intelligible code in Python, including experience with data science tools and packages
Ability to collaborate radically and communicate clearly to both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Ability to work independently in a research-driven capacity - first by thinking critically about problems and brainstorming potential solutions and then by implementing and testing these ideas on actual data
Bachelors or advanced degree in statistics, applied mathematics, computer science or other relevant quantitative discipline

 
Nice to have:

Proven track record of collaborating with business stakeholders to successfully address customer and business challenges through data-driven approaches
Demonstrated experience utilizing large language models and prompt engineering best-practices to develop scalable and efficient solutions
Significant experience working with NLP
Proficiency in writing high-quality code for production deployment, conducting code reviews, and deploying to a production environment
Strong foundation in formal research methodologies, with the ability to design, implement, and analyze experiments to promote data-driven decision-making
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:116,000—174,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.