At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.
Compliance is critical to Klaviyos success. Our mission is to enable a seamless experience by providing a reliable sending platform for users by serving as the health monitor and subject matter expert in abuse prevention for email and SMS. As a Compliance Specialist you will drive adherence to Klaviyos Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) through both technology and one-on-one customer engagements. You will help to reduce risk of abuse on the Klaviyo platform while enabling an optimal customer experience. 
How you will make a difference:

Develop an in-depth knowledge of the Klaviyo platform, sending infrastructure, and compliance configurations 
Serve as a subject matter expert, engaging with new and existing customers to provide expertise in compliance best practices
Communicate thoughtfully and effectively to provide answers to questions for both technical and non-technical end users 
Receive, investigate, and address inquiries about compliance enforcement and policies to optimize Klaviyos reputation in the broader messaging ecosystem
Work with Klaviyo vendors to remediate compliance issues in a timely manner
Maintain and optimize compliance systems to mitigate threats and reduce false positives
Establish and maintain documentation such as compliance guides and playbooks to support repeatability as we expand  
Educate Klaviyo employees and customers on compliant messaging practices and, in collaboration with the Enablement and Customer education teams, create user guides and training materials
Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to drive positive compliance outcomes
Maintain a high level of regulatory expertise in SMS and Email messaging

Who you are:

A proactive and self-motivated to identify and solve problems; youre comfortable with a high degree of responsibility, ambiguity, and autonomy
Data-driven, comfortable developing action items from large sets of data 
Capable of learning quickly and mastering complicated systems and manual processes.
Have experience in the compliance, fraud, abuse or user protection space
Empathetic and customer-first
Energized by supporting teammates in achieving mutual goals; you have a passion for driving measurable impact in a dynamic environment
A brilliant communicator, whether its in a meeting, an email, or a slide deck 
Experienced with or able to quickly pick-up (a plus): Microsoft Office Suite, G-Suite, Google Sheets, PowerPoint, Zendesk, Tableau, and Salesforce; DNS, IPs and other networking concepts; Email marketing, SMS marketing and E-Commerce platforms 
Eligibility to work in Australia without restriction

Klaviyo benefits:
As part of the Klaviyo team you will be looked after with some great benefits, including private health cover for you and discounted for your household, financial and professional coaching, a generous annual learning allowance (4.2k AUSD), 22 weeks maternity leave full pay primary caregiver leave (16 week secondary), unlimited holiday and free books (yes, any books!) to name a few.
LI-Hybrid
Get to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.