At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo operates a real-time data platform built for massive scale on Amazon Web Services (AWS). Engineers come to Klaviyo with experience in a variety of languages and from a number of disciplines.
The Natural Language Interfaces team is a newly formed team focused on the integration of Natural Language Interfaces in our experience, think ChatGPT but for our marketing platform. 
As a back end engineer on the  Natural Language Interfaces team you will work on building robust systems to support our Natural Language use cases, including building the necessary systems to efficiently store and search text, integrate with third party and self-hosted services exposing LLMs and embeddings, host and fine-tune proprietary and open-source LLM models and build the necessary abstractions to allow other Klaviyo teams to integrate with our services efficiently.
We love tackling tough engineering problems and look for Engineers who specialize in certain areas but are passionate about building, owning  scaling features end to end from scratch and breaking through any obstacle or technical challenge in their way. We push each other to move out of our comfort zone, learn new technologies and work hard to ensure each day is better than the last.
Technologies we use (not exhaustive):

PythonDjangoFlaskFastAPI
GRPCProtobufs
Kubernetes
ClickhouseMySQLCassandra databases
Redis
AWS

If you have a high bias for action, want to work using state of the art technologies like LLMs and enjoy working on highly motivated multidisciplinary teams, come join us.
 
How you will make a difference:

You will build new systems from design to release.  
The code you write will help empower hundreds of thousands of Klaviyo customers daily to gain more value from the platform.
You will change the way Klaviyo customers interact with our platform.

Who you are:

Bachelors degree or equivalent practical experience
2 years of experience in software development, and strong knowledge of computer science fundamentals
Experience testing, developing, and launching software products on Cloud environments
Demonstrable experience with software design and architecture
Familiarity of communication protocols and their applications to build APIs
Highly collaborative and communicative

Bonus points for:

Professional experience using:

PythonDjangoFlaskFastAPI
GRPCProtobufs
Websockets
Apache Kafka 
AWS services (S3EKSEMR)

Demonstrable experience working with ML solutions and interacting with Data Scientists
Demonstrable experience building chatbots or chat interfaces
Interest in Machine Learning and genuinely curious about Generative AI
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:123,200—184,800 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.