At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Are you passionate about social media and have a keen eye for data and analytics? Do you love knowing the ins and outs of paid social platforms, and are used to executing flawless campaigns at scale?  If so, were looking for you to join our fast-growing Performance Marketing team.  As a Paid Social Campaign Manager, you will help manage paid social media activations  end-to-end, finding new opportunities to scale our reach and increase campaign efficiencies. You will be a part of developing audience strategies and budget recommendations, while contributing to building a full-funnel marketing program to deliver against Klaviyos ambitious growth goals this year and beyond! 
How You Will Make a Difference 

Design, execute and optimize global, paid social campaigns within AMER, EMEA and APAC across self-serve platformsemphasis on LinkedInto drive lead gen and re-engagement, and deliver against clear KPIs 
Compile weekly cross-channel reporting and insights to inform in-flight optimizations and promote learnings across Demand Gen and larger Marketing teams
Contribute cross-functionally on campaign strategies and execution of  paid social within large-scale activations on behalf of other Marketing functions: Brand, ABM, and Partnerships, working in partnership with Brand and organic social lead
Ideate on ambitious test plans across targeting, creative, platform, ad format, landing page experience and expansion into new emerging platforms
Ensure best practice and innovation by staying up to date on digital marketing trends, emerging channels and new ad products, to be our pulse on the constantly evolving social media landscape
Support global budget management to ensure accurate spend and pacing, and help with monthly billing process including invoice tracking and reconciliation for activated media
Assist in cross-channel activation and reporting as needed for other media channels such as Paid Search, Display, Video, and more 

Who You Are 

5 years of media planning and buying experience with a minimum of 3 years of hands-on-keyboard experience within paid social, including management of a high volume of active campaigns (50 annually)
Foundational knowledge of platform algorithms, ad products, optimization levers, and roadmap of LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter required. Reddit, Pinterest, Tik Tok, and Snap a plus
Direct experience with creating, trafficking, tagging (via 3rd party ad server)  and optimizing campaigns across platforms against brand, intent and direct response metrics
Strong understanding of paid, earned and owned social strategies and tactics and how they all work together
Solid Excel experience with ability to manage complex data sets across multiple sources a must e.g. Google Analytics, Salesforce
Detail-oriented with excellent organizational, time management and collaboration skills with ability to adapt easily in a fast-paced, agile and high growth environment
Agency experience required, ideal candidate will also have B2BSAAS Paid marketing experience (global would be preferred)

LI-HybridThe starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:84,000—126,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.