At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.About the team
The Creative team is pretty special—a diverse group of empathetic thinkers, passionate doers, creative strategists, and true originals, all working together to solve interesting problems and connect with online brands around the world. Together, we help businesses of all sizes power smarter digital relationships, acquire bigger audiences, and use data to fuel amazing experiences. Our team is growing, and were looking for a Lead Campaign Writer.
Our writers tackle a wide range of projectsfrom high-profile integrated campaigns, events, and promotions, to web content, and day-to-day customer communications. Writers of all levels collaborate with marketers, designers, creative leadership, and teams across Klaviyo to craft thoughtful messaging that enhances brand impact and business outcomes. So if you enjoy tackling challenges head-on, creating memorable marketing moments, and sharing big ideas on a team that champions them, you could be exactly who were looking for. 
Please note that this is a hybrid role located in Boston and does require a partial onsite component on a weekly basis. Fully remote candidates will unfortunately not be considered at this time.
About the role
As Lead Campaign Writer, youll be responsible for leading and developing thoughtful, creative campaign work that supports the goals of teams across Klaviyo, while always ensuring a consistent user experience and cohesive brand voice. Youll work closely with designers, video producers, agencies, marketing partners, and other writers to make it happen. Youll provide a strategic perspective on the creative process, lead other creatives, drive innovative storytelling solutions to ambiguous problems, and develop credibility for Klaviyo with your direct, yet magnetic copy—all while staying mindful of a tight production workflow. 
How youll make an impact
Lead Campaign Writer can mean different things to different people. Heres what it means at Klaviyo.

Youll be a lead writer on our Creative Team, creating exceptional user experiences and integrated campaigns—with a strong focus on big ideas that come to life in OOH, video, radio, and social.
Youll be responsible for writing copy that showcases our world-leading marketing and data platform with short form, video scripts, print pieces, podcast ads, you name it.
Youll tackle technical and emerging topics, diving deep into user research and figuring out how to frame complex ideas in clear, concise ways.
Youll mentor and inspire other creatives.

What were looking forThe basics

Advanced knowledge of campaign best practices across OOH, video, web, email, and social
Excellent grammar and proofreading skills
Proponent of radical candor and champion of positive team culture
7 years of relevant writing experience in a creative agency andor in-house team

More noteworthy 

Ambiguous and open-ended requests dont scare you. You take a methodical approach to problem-solving and know how to ask the right questions when you dont have all the answers.
Youre a part-time strategist. All your copy connects back to strategy, and if a projects strategy is unclear, youre quick to bring the right people into the conversation.
Youre accustomed to working with legalcompliance teams to review content.
Your working style is flexible: Youre comfortable with copy driving design or design driving copy, and you go with the flow depending on the needs of the project. 

Whats nice to have              

3 years of relevant B2B SaaS writing experience, preferably in either tech or an analytics-based environment
Agency experience is a plus
A deep love of the Oxford comma (happy to support those in transition)

Please provide a PDF of relevant work samples or web link to a portfolio. Applications without a portfolio will not be considered.The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:116,000—174,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.