At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.About the team:
Klaviyo operates a real-time data analytics platform coded primarily in Python that is built for massive scale and hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS). Engineers come to Klaviyo with experience in a variety of languages and from a number of disciplines.
At Klaviyo, we love tackling tough engineering problems and look for employees who specialize in certain areas but are passionate about building, owning  scaling features end to end from scratch and breaking through any obstacle or technical challenge in their way. We push each other to move out of our comfort zone, learn new technologies, and work hard to ensure each day is better than the last. Learn more about our engineering culture at https:klaviyo.tech
 
About the role:
The Lead Machine Learning Engineer will help build foundational models at Klaviyo that extract insights from the massive streams of data that Klaviyo ingests continuously. You will apply cutting edge techniques from deep learning, language modeling, recommender systems, and more to generate value for our customers by allowing them to target and personalize their messages. 
The Lead MLE will be a technical leader within the organization, helping to set the standard for excellence, and will amplify their own impact by mentoring other team members on technical skills. You should have in depth experience in machine learning or data science, and have already trained and developed multiple advanced models in the recommender, NLP, or related areas.
 
How youll have an impact:





30 days 




You will have finished on-boarding including engineering and data science specific on-boarding.


Your local developer environment is set up and usable.


You will have met multiple members of the Data Science team and are starting to familiarize yourself with both the Klaviyo product and the data sources available to you.






60 days 




You will understand how to train and test models in Klaviyo. 


You will have developed an opinion about whats needed to tackle your initial project including the data needed, the success metrics, the technical approach, the experiments needed to test performance in production, etc. 


You will have participated in at least 1 review for a project that a teammate is running and able to share your knowledge






90 days




You will be actively iterating on models for your first project, and have identified opportunities and obstacles to progress with plans to address them. 


You will be actively working with teammates across Data Science to accelerate progress.


In partnership with your manager, you will be regularly in conversation with Product and Engineering stakeholders to make sure work remains aligned with company priorities.






Up to 1 year 




You will have developed multiple impactful models that use Klaviyos data, which have been put into production and are generating value in novel and powerful ways for our customers.


You are regarded as a technical leader and have introduced new techniques to Klaviyos toolset that are being used by other data scientists. 


You continue to deliver new and innovative solutions to ML problems that Klaviyo faces and find new ways to generate value for our customers from Klaviyos data.







 
What were looking for:

7 years experience in machine learning or data science
Must have led the development of complex models on massive data sets that power customer-facing features.
Ability to develop technical roadmaps for solving complex business problems using ML
Experience in at least one of NLP or recommender systems
Experience working with Transformers or other deep learning models
Experience mentoring others

 
Nice to have:

Personally put models into production, monitored and maintained them in production
Experience with frameworks such as Huggingface, PyTorch, Tensorflow, Keras
Experience with distributed training with Spark, Ray, etc.
Experience working with customers directly
Experience working with Product orgs

LI-Onsite   LI-CB2The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:192,000—288,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.