At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.About the team
When you hear billing, chances are you might think of a dusty corner office with several decade old file cabinets. Klaviyos Billing  Monetization team is not that! We oversee the payments and enforcement infrastructure that allow hundreds of thousands of companies to send billions of emails and text messages on BFCM weekend. As Klaviyo continues to scale, our team will play an instrumental role in capturing revenue (both domestic and international), building features that help users understand where their dollar spend goes, complying with regulatory requirements, facilitating internationalization and assisting in all pricing related changes at Klaviyo.
About the role
The Billing  Monetization team is seeking a Senior Software Engineer to help drive Klaviyo forward in its mission to offer entrepreneurs the best possible tooling at the lowest possible price. You will drive outcomes and decisions directly related to Klaviyos growth in international markets, its relationship with large customers with multiple subsidiaries and unique payment requests, how new products are priced and packaged and more.
How youll make an impact

Work with Klaviyo customers and stakeholders to build a platform that delivers best-in-class value at the lowest possible price
Make decisions and own outcomes around infrastructure, application logic, documentation, product changes, UI and more
Mentor new engineers and lead development of new teams

What were looking for:

Track record of building for quality and precision. We take pride in our approach to testing new work and maintaining platform stability
5 years of experience in a software engineering discipline
Experience with one or more of the following: processing payments using third party APIs (with a focus on graceful handling of error cases), exposinggating features based on paid tier levels, reconciling internal data with third party vendor data
Previous experience handling in-app payment flows with a major payment processor (ex. PayPal, Stripe, Adyen, Plaid)
Previous experience working with external or internal auditors or finance teams to verify how data sources tie to financial statements
Experience leading projects across multiple teams or quarters

Nice to have:

Track record of working on high visibility projects with requirements you have to actively seek out. Desire to be judged on measurable outcomes and change process to achieve those outcomes
Passion for understanding and experimenting with the levers that drive business outcomes, including pricing, presentation, vendor relationships and more
Experience talking to customers and listening deeply to their wants and needs

Technologies we use (no experience necessary)
We currently use the list of technologies below but are always looking to find the best tools for the jobs that help our customers (and very open to adding technologies given the right circumstances). We dont expect you to have any experience in the tools below and we will provide whatever training you need to level up and succeed!
Our current tech stack:

Django, React
Stripe, Avalara
RabbitMQ, Celery
MySQL, Redis, Memcached
AWS (EC2, RDS, Aurora, S3, etc.), Kubernetes, Terraform, Jenkins
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:144,800—217,200 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.