At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.We are looking for a talented Sales Manager to join our fast growing Klaviyo Sales organization! In this role as a Sales Manager on our Lower SMB segment, you will lead a team of 8-10 new business Account Executives and be responsible for increasing our client base through inbound, outbound and partner channels.
The Sales Manager recruits, trains, develops and supports new and existing Account Executives in the Lower Small Business segment to ensure that they meet specific new business goals on a weekly, monthly, quarterly and annual basis. The role will report into the Director of Sales. This individual needs a proven track record of at least 2 years experience managing individual contributors. In addition experience working more complex accounts (Enterprise accounts a plus), which require building out work back plans, ROI reports, security assessments and legal modifications.
The Sales Manager will be responsible for training and developing their direct reports, while also being on top of the forecast and important lead indicators of success. This individual should have a proven playbook of how to manage 1:1s, weekly meetings, overall cadence with the team and most importantly a strategy for generating outbound opportunities.
We are looking for a Sales Manager who is passionate about working in a team environment and ability to hold their team accountable.
How You Will Make a Difference:

1:1s with direct reports.
Manage the accuracy of the forecast.
Drive and motivate the team around the key objectives.
Drive outbound efforts in generating and closing new business.
Enforce weekly scorecard reviews to identify gaps in performance and areas for improvement.
Training and development and building out an ongoing skills analysis aimed at designing a scalable curriculum for improvementadvancement.
Inter-Department collaboration across product, marketing, training, support.

Who You Are: 

Minimum 2 years of experience managing Account Executives or comparable Klaviyo experience
Experience either in management or as an individual contributor at working complex accounts that require legal modifications, RFPs, security assessments, creating work back plans.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to work effectively with a wide range of individuals.
A passion for training and development.
Savvy with data and looking at trend analysis to measure rep performance.
Comfortable with change and a fast paced work environment.
Confident and willing to take part in healthy debates.
Detail oriented, organized and a self-starter.
Enterprise selling experience a plus.
Proven track record in the MarTech space a plus.
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:110,000—110,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.