At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo integrations allow our customers to pull in unlimited real-time and historical data from just about anything in their marketing stack. The Integrations Platform team focuses on powering data exchange between Klaviyo and dozens of platforms at a huge scale. We design and build reliable, scalable, and fault-tolerant pipelines and services that process billions of integration data points every day. As a Platform team, we are also responsible for enabling other Integrations teams to build customer-facing software more effectively.
As a senior engineer on the Integrations Platform team, youll be responsible for the design, implementation, and scaling of highly visible mission critical data processing systems. You will be constantly challenged to improve these systems from every angle, such as latency reduction, resource utilization efficiency, failure recovery, tooling, monitoring, and much more. In addition, you will be working on simplifying the use of these systems so that other teams can use them as services.
At Klaviyo, we love tackling tough engineering problems and look for Engineers who specialize in certain areas but are passionate about building, owning  scaling features end to end from scratch and breaking through any obstacle or technical challenge in their way. We push each other to move out of our comfort zone, learn new technologies and work hard to ensure each day is better than the last.
Technologies we use (not exhaustive):

Python, Django
RabbitMQ, Celery, Apache Pulsar
MySQL, Redis, Memcached
Graphite, statsd, Grafana
AWS, Terraform, Docker, Jenkins, Travis and other modern DevOps tools

What we are looking for 

5-7 years of experience in a software engineering discipline
Significant experience with full stack application development
Experience working with both monolithic and microservices architectures
Experience with CICD pipelines
Experience debugging performance issues and improving application performance
Proven experience with being a coach and a mentor for team members and helping them grow

How you will make a difference:

Wholly own features that tens thousands of our customers rely on daily to reach 4B of consumers to drive their business forward
Work on crafting our highly scalable inbound and outbound data pipelines that process billions of data points every day
Work with other teams and enable engineers to build customer-facing software more effectively
Own a significant portion of our product area, identify and advocate for necessary improvements, help reduce long-term operational overhead
Be responsible for end-to-end implementation of projects of varying complexity, be effective at collaborating with others and leading small groups of engineers
Contribute to the company as a subject matter expert in multiple areas, constantly pushing yourself to be a better engineer and to level up all of your peers within your team and within Klaviyo

Who you are:

Passionate about building software effectively and for the long-term. Have experience building products that matter. Familiar with design patterns for implementing highly-scalable multi-tenant systems.
Like working on small, autonomous agile teams. Enjoy shipping code early and often in an agile fashion, pairing with product management, business stakeholders, and other engineers to craft better software.
Motivated by having ownership, excited about taking the initiative to solve tasks in collaboration with others.
Love digging into performance, scalability, and reliability issues to drive breakthrough solutions. You recognize all problems can be solved. 
Have experience working with distributed systems, messaging systems, and process control systems. Have solid understanding of relational databases and in-memory data stores.
Have experience leading projects and groups of engineers, proven success creating direction and specifications for others
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:144,800—217,200 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.