At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.About the Team
When you hear billing, chances are you might think of a dusty corner office with several decade old file cabinets. Klaviyos Billing  Monetization group is not that! We oversee the products, experiences, subscriptions, payments, usage and enforcement infrastructure that allow hundreds of thousands of companies to send billions of emails and text messages on BFCM weekend. As Klaviyo continues to scale, our team will play an instrumental role in capturing revenue (both domestic and international), building features that help users understand where their dollar spend goes, complying with regulatory requirements, facilitating internationalization and assisting in all pricing related changes at Klaviyo.
 About the Role 
The Usage  Payments (known as UP) Team is seeking an experienced Senior Product Manager who thrives in a fast-paced environment, is passionate about our customers, and has a deep expertise in the billing, subscriptions, or payments space. You will drive outcomes and decisions directly related to Klaviyos growth in international markets, its relationship with large customers with multiple subsidiaries and unique payment requests as well as how new products are priced and packaged and more.
This role is at the intersection of managing internal stakeholders and the customer experience. We leverage a combination of a home grown system, Stripe, and Netsuite to manage subscriptions and payments for our customers. The product and engineering team were founded 3 years ago, and we are only 1 done! 
Senior Product Managers at Klaviyo have mastered the craft of Product Management. They are highly-skilled practitioners, who have been directly responsible for driving significant business outcomes. At Klaviyo, youll work in the kind of high-growth environment that offers unlimited potential. The potential to be a driving force that achieves even greater business outcomes, and the potential to coach and mentor the next generation of Product Managers. Klaviyos fast growth will ensure that opportunities abound.   
How Youll Make a Difference:

The ultimate measure of success for Senior Product Managers at Klaviyo is driving business outcomes. Thats why we focus on tracking, analyzing, and improving metrics for each area of our product, with a particular focus on driving the results we target. 
We cannot build products that exceed our customers expectations without truly understanding those customers. Thats why Senior Product Managers at Klaviyo spend a significant amount of time interacting with our internal stakeholders and our customer base. At Klaviyo, knowledge about your customers is power.
Senior Product Managers at Klaviyo think deeply, quickly, and analytically. The rigor of thought is extreme here so we can ensure were making the best decision possible at all times. You should love to tease out problems, break them down to small, digestible pieces, and put them back together elegantly.
Someone who joins Klaviyo must be exceptional at articulating their thinking through the written word. As a company, our success is gated on collectively being great and prolific communicators.
Senior Product Managers are expected to be leaders on the team, identifying ways to accelerate or level up the rest of the product team and finding ways to push them forward, as well as being a go-to resource for other product managers.

What Youll Do:

Collaborate and communicate - you will collaborate with all teams within the company and all parties outside of the company to be most effective in your role.
Manage a roadmap - you will prioritize all potential projects for our product area, and focus on those with the largest impact.
Write great specs - you will define every use case a customer would consider, document potential ways to solve, identify outstanding concerns, flag edge cases, and leave no stone unturned. They sweat the details and are passionate about making sure that every experience is understood, anticipated, and handled elegantly.
Ship features - you will get value into customer hands. For all of the work that goes into planning and coordination, we stay focused on delivering improved solutions and experiences every day.
Mentor - you will share the benefits of your experience and knowledge with product managers on the team, helping to mentor and coach them to better outcomes.
Learn - you will be a voracious learner.  A lack of experienceknowledge around a challenge is an invitation to dive deep and become an expert in that area. You should love learning and tackling new challenges.

Your First 90 Days
In your first 30 days, you will get acclimated to Klaviyo and our product:

During the first two weeks, you will be immersed in an onboarding program that introduces you to the company and the product.
Spend time shadowing folks on the product and engineering team to understand ceremonies and cadences.
Work with our backline product expert to walk through customer issues and ways to solve for them.Theres no better way to get a holistic understanding of the product, and to get to know our customers.

In your first 60 days, you will become a valuable member of the team:

Take ownership of the usage  payments platform roadmap, becoming the go-to expert for that area.
Have a quick impact by specing and building your very first Klaviyo features!

In your first 90 days, you will continue to increase your influence:

Formulate the vision and strategy for your product area.
Start contributing to knowledge sharing with the larger product team.  We value learning and growth very highly.
Start coaching and mentoring other Product Managers at Klaviyo, helping them benefit from your experience and knowledge.

Who You Are:

3 years of product management experience.
Have a solid understanding of billing, payments and pricing space

LI-BB1The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:124,000—186,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.