At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo is a team of people who are crazy motivated by growth. Its what we help our customers do, grow their businesses by making it possible and easy for them to use their data to power better marketing. Its how we behave as individuals and were all deeply passionate about learning. Its how we manage our business: we have thousands of paying customers, were profitable, and were growing insanely fast. And its what our culture is all about. 
Working at Klaviyo means youll work on things you never imagined you would; youll grow in ways you didnt consider possible; and youll do the best work of your career with people who are just as motivated and talented as you are. 
Why You Should Join the Sales Operations Team 
The sales operations team is critical to the overall performance of Klaviyos sales team and you will play an important role in ensuring success. You represent a blend of strategic thinking and operational execution, with attention to detail, have an interest in being a knowledge resource, follow and enforce best practice, and are comfortable with complex analysis.
Our sales team is growing rapidly and you will be a sales business units go-to resource for everything operational. You will partner closely with senior sales leadership and play a key role in building the systems to support an exponentially growing sales team. The person who would best fit this role is highly collaborative, organized, and can thrive in a fast-paced environment. This person will report to the Director of Sales Strategy and Planning. 
How You Will Make a Difference

Partner closely with senior leadership to identify, develop and drive impactful projects that accelerate sales growth and improve sales processes and operations as well as marketing effectiveness on a global scale
Analyze historical data to provide sales insights regarding performance, seasonality, high level trends, etc.
Support weekly and monthly reporting and forecasting for the sales organization, identifying significant changes and trends that will materially impact the companys growth trajectory 
Act as a resource to ensure sales reporting and analytics are aligned to the broader organization
Play an integral role within our sales operations team to enforce Salesforce best practices within the sales team
Identify systems and process learning opportunities for the sales team and partner with enablement to create documentation and training sessions to address these gaps
Complete operational projects to assist the sales team in meeting their revenue goals (e.g. identifying target accounts, managing sales territories)

Who You Are

5 years experience in Sales Operations andor an analytics role
Proficient in Salesforce and Excel. Tableau or other BI tool experience preferred
Experience with Sales Dev tools is a plus
Proven analytical and quantitative skills with a data-driven approach to problem-solving
Excited, motivated, and inspired by exceeding goals
Experience working in high-growth, performance-focused environments
Are focused on the details, are a self-starter, and are relentless but professional
BABS Degree
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:124,000—186,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.