At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.
Product Experts at Klaviyo are a critical part of our future success. We take the success of our customers incredibly seriously. Our mission is to deliver exceptional assistance to our customers with the highest level of quality in both product knowledge and communication skills, and in the process, consistently meet and exceed customer expectations. We are looking for a Product Expert who is passionate about providing the best support to our customers who are scaling their businesses with Klaviyo. We are building a new team to support our customers during a Saturday - Wednesday shift. 
 
We are very interested in individuals who have a track record of finding creative solutions to unique problems, who thrive in challenging situations and want to apply these skills to solve for customers using our software.
 
Check out this great video from the team: What its like to be a Klaviyo and core values.


How you will make a difference:

Develop an in-depth knowledge of the Klaviyo platform
Provide high-quality product support for Klaviyo customers, partnering with them to effectively resolve their issues through email, chat, and phone
Communicate thoughtfully to provide answers to questions for both technical and non-technical end users while also supporting a wide range of technologies.
Diagnose software issues and resolve escalated customer complaints engage using established processes
Provide support  guidance on non-technical related questions (e.g: marketing, sales, other e-commerce setup questions)
Communicate thoughtfully and effectively with all Klaviyo customers
Document troubleshooting and problem resolution steps.

Now look at this video to understand a bit more! What it means to be a product expert


Who You Are:

Located in ESTCST time zones, willing to work Wednesday-Saturday
A thoughtful communicator who is excellent at communicating through a variety of channels that require both written and verbal skills.
Passionate about creative problem solving for customers and end users
Self-motivated, eager to learn and thrive in a collaborative environment
Capable of adapting quickly to changing priorities
Experience with or able to quickly pick-up:

Microsoft Office Suite, G-Suite, Google Sheets, PowerPoint, Zendesk, and Salesforce
Web works, networking, and software products
DNS, IPs and other networking concepts
APIs
Email marketing platforms and E-Commerce platforms



LI-Hybrid
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:25.38—38.08 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.