At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.We are looking for a passionate, driven leader to take Channel Infrastructure at Klaviyo to the next level. The Sr. Director of Product is a unique role where you will be challenged to balance investments in technology and people to drive the optimal business outcomes. Its a role that encompasses strategy, technical infrastructure, external strategic relationships, software systems, and teams of talented individuals.
How Youll Make a Difference

Drive the strategy and product roadmap for Klaviyo channels. 
Ensure that our customers achieve industry-leading deliverability on our channels.
Ensure that Klaviyo has the institutional knowledge to be experts on channel deliverability so that our customers have a great experience using Klaviyo. 

What Youll Do

Lead multiple product teams that deliver the channel infrastructure to support sending at Klaviyo across all of our current and future channels. 
Drive the strategy and product roadmap for our channel infrastructure, which includes both our pipeline infrastructure and our Compliance and Deliverability systems. 
Work cross-functionally with Sales and Finance to ensure that we are ready to meet our customer needs of the future in a way that is consistent with our financial goals. 
Be an expert in Compliance and Deliverability for all of the channels that Klaviyo supports; evangelize that expertise across the organization. 
Work cross functionally with engineering, support and success to ensure that our customers achieve industry-leading deliverability on our channels. 
Drive optimal levels of investment across technology and people for our compliance and deliverability systems in line with our business-wide goals.
Manage relationships with our channel partners (e.g., SendGrid, Twilio). 
Lead your team to maintain working relationships with all major mailbox providers.
Represent Klaviyo as an industry expert at events like MAAWG, EEC, and so on

Who You Are

Minimum of 12 years of product experience with at least 5 years managing other product managers
Demonstrated expertise with Compliance and Deliverability systems and experience in working with external industry partners
A product leader with a proven track record of driving a product strategy and roadmap by leading a product team. 
Able to build and drive a high level strategy, while also leveraging data and digging into the details when needed. 
An inspiring leader who can rally the company behind their vision.
Experience working in a fast paced environment and in a role that requires influencing across different levels in the organization (internal and external partners)
Solid communication skills in both verbal and written, able to tailor communication approach based on audience needs.
Strong leadership abilities and is able to resolve complex issues and deliver results in a fast-paced high growth company.
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:240,000—360,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.