At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo is looking for a Head of Global Equity Programs to join our growing team. In this role, you will oversee Klaviyos global equity compensation programs and strive to embed Klaviyos values in our total rewards philosophy.  You will lead the team responsible for both administration and strategy of Klaviyos global equity programs, including the overarching strategy and program management as well as day-to-day operations and compliance, including employee education, internal accounting, processing, reporting and record-keeping. You will partner across Klaviyos Legal, Finance and People teams and others across the company to ensure Klaviyos equity programs grow and scale with the company.
How Youll Make a Difference

Support Klaviyos Global Equity Programs Manager in administering the companys global equity programs, including, but not limited to: 

Continually ensure Klaviyos capitalization records are current and accurate
Ensure equity transactions are processed properly
Processing and supporting grant, vesting, exercise, settlement, termination, and cancellation activity
Maintain pending grant lists and prepare Board materials on an as-needed basis


Lead project management efforts to grow and scale the equity administration function through optimization, automation, process improvement, partnership with service providers, and managing external partner relationships.
Educate employees on Klaviyos equity program by designing and leading employee training sessions as needed.
Partner across Klaviyos Finance, Legal, and People functions to ensure accurate budgeting, financial reporting, timely tax withholding and payroll reporting, and compliance with securities and tax laws and regulations and disclosure requirements.
Perform monthly, quarterly, and annual reconciliation of records between equity database and general ledger, HR, payroll, board approvals, and tax reporting.
Prepare and maintain documentation of equity-related processes for external audits and compliance with internal controls.
Participate in other compliance program development as needed.
Special projects as needed, including ad hoc equity and tax research and efforts to develop, implement and improve processes that improve support of business clients.

Who You Are 

Bachelors degree in accounting, business administration, finance, or similar field
10 years experience working in a global equity administration role for a public company.
Comprehensive experience administering and maintaining equity administration software (Fidelity preferred)
Comprehensive understanding of accounting standards, taxation, laws and regulations related to equity compensation; general knowledge of global taxation preferred
Certified Equity Professional (CEP) certification preferred
Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
Ability to communicate effectively, clearly, and concisely both verbally and in writing
Demonstrated strong analytical and negotiation skills; ability to successfully perform independent in-depth analysis and present findings
Strong Excel skills, ability to leverage complex formulas and modeling
Ability to handle confidential information with discretion
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:168,000—252,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.