At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo is seeking a highly skilled and experienced Senior Marketing Analyst with a specialization in channel and campaign performance analysis to join our dynamic B2B SaaS company. As a Senior Marketing Analyst with a focus on market analysis, your role will be pivotal in optimization of marketing channel and campaign performance to improve efficiency, optimize messaging, and improve full funnel experience of leads. We are seeking a candidate who possesses a deep understanding of advanced marketing analytics and can translate insights into strategies for market dominance.
Responsibilities:

Conduct in-depth analysis of marketing channels to characterize performance, link relevant marketing levers to channel optimization, and establish reliable channel reporting
Conduct marketing campaign performance analysis to enable marketing teams to understand what campaigns are performing and campaign analytics best practices
Partner with the marketing team to develop and execute AB tests and experiments to optimize web experience, and campaign planning
Leverage data visualization tools to build performance monitoring dashboards that enable Marketing functional teams to self-serve insights and analytics
Collaborate with the product team to ensure alignment between marketing initiatives and product roadmap
Collaborate with our business intelligence team to build and maintain attribution models to measure the impact of marketing programs on business results
Provide insights and recommendations to senior leadership on marketing strategy, tactics, and investment
Stay up-to-date on industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies in marketing analytics

Who You Are:
You are quantitative and curious. You enjoy understanding cause and effect in various business situations. You enjoy finding creative technical solutions to hard problems and are structured in your thinking. Ideal for someone who wants to launch a career in business analytics.

Bachelors degree or Masters in data analytics, marketing analytics, economics, statistics, or related field
3 years of experience in marketing analytics or related field, preferably in a B2B SaaS environment (or 2 years of experience with an MBA or other applicable advanced degree)
Strong proficiency with marketing analytics tools such as GAGA4, Campaign Manager, FacebookLinkedin, and digital marketing data.
Experience with SQL and data visualization tools (Tableau  Thoughtspot) to manipulate and present data for repeatable performance monitoring
Strong problem solving and analytical skills to frame and methodically structure a problem and quantify potential solution sets 
Strong analytical skills with the ability to interpret complex data sets and turn insights into actionable recommendations
Excellent communication skills with the ability to clearly present findings to both technical and non-technical audiences
Strong project management skills with the ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously

If you are a highly motivated and data-driven individual who thrives in a fast-paced environment, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity to join our team as a Marketing Analyst.
hybrid CR1 BostonThe starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:92,000—138,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.