At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Our Boston team is seeking an EnterpriseMid-market Account Executive! At Klaviyo Account Executives are given a tremendous opportunity to have a huge impact on Klaviyos prospects, on Klaviyos trajectory and as a result, on themselves.  At Klaviyo, EnterpriseMid-market AEs pride themselves on working directly with upmarket clients like Marc Jacobs, Steve Madden, Walmart Home Brands, Taylormade Golf, Citizen Watches, etc Our upmarket segment is a rapidly expanding area of business for Klaviyo -- Klaviyo is one of the few companies that is able to support a multi-segment go-to-market strategy.  Mid-market AEs at Klaviyo run the entire sales cycle -- from qualification to demo to driving the buying process to close -- with support from Strategic Solutions Architects you are responsible for partnering with Customer Success and other cross-departmental functions. 
How Youll Make a Difference:

Build Klaviyos Mid-market and Enterprise client base and be a part of a company-wide initiative
Actively manage your pipeline and develop a strategy for long-term sustained success
Support the success of your peers
Exhibit Klaviyos values of accountability and effort 
Provide guidance and support to new Account Executives 
Work closely with Product, Engineering, Customer Success to identify and improve cross-departmental efforts for Upmarket clients

Who You Are:

Located in Boston 
5 years of closing experience, ideally within SaaS  MarTech
Experience and interest in working with strategic accounts with multiple stakeholders
Technical selling capability and understanding of MarTech as well as the competitive landscape
Experience working remotely is a plus
Arent afraid to hear no and embrace failure as an opportunity to improve 
Are thoughtful, engaging, and energetic 
Are adept at influencing and relationship building 

LI-HybridThe starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:100,000—100,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.