At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo Ventures
Ventures is where Klaviyo builds new products that are adjacent to the core business. We seek to leverage data, automation and scale to deliver our customers more powerful and integrated experiences. This is a high visibility, high impact role with ample opportunity for growth. You will build and lead a new team and product. You will define product architecture, GTM strategy as well as build your teams culture and values.
Why you should join Klaviyo Ventures
Do you want to build a startup inside a much bigger startup? Were looking for entrepreneurial builders who want to work with a small team to rapidly iterate against new product areas. You will work closely with potential customers to build solutions to key problems they face.  Youll have the autonomy to move fast and get a product from zero to one. And then you will scale it to hundreds of thousands of users.
How youll make a difference

Launch a new product as part of a small team exploring new revenue opportunities.
Be empowered to own the mission, technical direction and operations of projects that have immediate impact
Advance your technical skills in all facets ranging from front end web development and user experience to machine learning and massively parallelized data pipelines.

As a Lead Software Engineer you will collaborate with technical product owners, designers and a product manager. With this team youll interface directly with customers and iterate towards amazing new products and experiences.
Who You Are
We are looking for a full-stack engineer who must have experience using Typescript, React and Python to craft scalable systems. Experience with fault-tolerant, containerized distributed systems at scale is very nice to have. A passion for high quality user experiences and an eye for design is very nice to have. Experience running production apps on AWS is very nice to have.At your core, you are:

Entrepreneurial: Youve launched your own companies or side projects are used to working quickly and iteratively based on customer feedback.
Empathetic: You have experience interfacing 1:1 with customers to help improve your product and process. 
Experienced: You have 5-7 years of experience and have architected, built, and delivered at least one complex system.
Confident: You are comfortable setting higher-level technical direction and process with the help of peers and senior management. You are comfortable with ambiguity.
Curious: You enjoy working with new technologies ranging from the frontend to backend and have deep experience in multiple technology stacks. You show this by having strong opinions and experience with various technologies throughout multiple projects. You know how to pick the right tool for any job.

LI-Onsite    LI-CB2The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:183,200—274,800 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.