At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Why You Should Join the Flows Platform Team: 
As a Lead Engineer joining the Flows Platform team you can expect to be deeply involved in technical discussions on how we scale our systems, roll out new features, and help our systems evolve to meet the growing demands of the business. This is a new role within the organization, resulting from growth. The Flows Platform team is responsible for building and maintaining the backend infrastructure that supports the Flows product which our customers use to build customized flows using email and SMS to send marketing information to their customers. There are ample opportunities for growth given the scope of this role and the products central role in Klaviyos product.
As a Lead Engineer, you will  have input into the teams mission, goals, and roadmap while collaborating along-side technical product owners, product managers, designers and data scientists. Together, youll define scope and specifications while refining RFCs to ensure deliverables are met and stability is maintained. You will help drive the narrative for the technical evolution of the overall Flows product space as we invest in both our current and future experiences.
For some context on what weve done last year and looking forward:
In 2023, the Flows product area released new features to allow our eCommerce customers to better target their customers with additional Flows triggers and launched a brand new WYSIWYG Flow editor experience. In 2024, the Flows Platform team will be exploring new ways to further scale the system to meet the demands of our growing business over the next several years, adding additional flow triggers, and new kinds of actions that can take place inside of a flow.
How You Will Make a Difference 

Drive dramatic growth in Klaviyos core product areas
Wholly own features that tens thousands of our customers rely on daily to reach 4B of consumers to drive their business forward
Be responsible for the technicalarchitectural evolution of our product area; identify and advocate for scalability, reliability, and maintainability needs
Contribute to your team, department, and Klaviyo strategy by developing options and plans that align with company worldwide growth
Be responsible for technical quality metrics, production support for these areas of the product.
Guide system design and implementation trade-offs with business partners and your team. 
Drive complex projects with a team of great people which meaningfully contribute to our customers experience and Klaviyos success. 

Who You Are

Strong familiarity with Python and its ecosystem
Experience with infrastructure, including AWS, Kubernetes, Relational Databases, Queuing systems, caching
Experience with writing Design Specs and leading design review meetings. 
Excited to read the code, understand the product area and give technical guidance. 
Motivated by having ownership and leading others, excited about taking the initiative to solve tasks in collaboration with others..
Experienced with improving and developing: APIS, various data models for the product space you have led, and utilization of tools to drive infrastructure changes and make your product space be successful 
Comfortable working across different parts of a large codebase.
Highly collaborative and communicative.
You have an in-depth understanding of common web architectures when it comes to highly scalable systems.  
Successfully led and delivered on complex projects spanning multiple quarters and involving at least four teams.
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:192,000—288,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.