At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.As the Director Customer Success, Strategic Accounts you are an operational and strategic thought leader experienced in building, executing and leading a team focused on delivering a high touch, proactive engagement model for our highest value customers. As Klaviyo continues to grow, we will be focusing on understanding enterprise-level customer challenges and needs and you will help drive the vision for our upmarket customer experience. You will serve as an advocate and partner to Klaviyos most strategic customers, combining marketing strategic guidance, technical aptitude and experienced business acumen to support customers business results and help them to achieve maximum value with Klaviyo. You will be responsible for interviewing, hiring, evaluating, training, coaching, and leading a team of experienced Strategic Account Customer Success Managers (CSMs) in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment. As part of our customer success-focused, results-driven organization, you will also be responsible for driving sustainable, long-term customer value and measured on your teams Net Revenue Retention, Net Upgrade, Gross Churn and customer satisfaction
In this leadership role, you will partner with key stakeholders across the business including Sales, Professional Services, Support, Product, Solution Architects, Onboarding Specialists, and Operations to establish the operations, processes, engagement models and goals to drive customer outcomes and growth while mitigating any risk. You have a  solid understanding of developing, implementing and measuring customer success principles, excellent communication skills, and a proven track record of managing across complex customer relationships in an enterprise environment.  
How you will make a difference:

Build, hire and manage a team of 5-8 direct reports of Strategic Customer Success Managers 
Define and establish the operating framework and GTM motions for newly established  Customer Success team focused on the business top and high growth customers. 
Own Net Revenue Retention (NRR) and Net Upgrade (NU) goals for the Strategic Account team. 
Develop and execute engagement models and enterprise level customer success plans that meet the needs of this customer segment to drive product adoption, usage, overall customer satisfaction and accelerated growth.
Lead white space strategy and prioritization sessions with team and relevant stakeholders to uncover and foster new growth opportunities. 
Analyze data and usage patterns to identify trends and to build strategy to help customers realize their goals while driving business outcomes for Klaviyo.
Foster relationships with executive decision makers on the customer side and internally within Klaviyo to act as an internal advocate for customers to drive customer success and product enhancements.
Manage regular business reviews with key stakeholders to assess customer health, identify areas for improvement, and provide strategic recommendations
Work closely with key cross-functional leaders, including Onboarding, Solution Architects, Sales, Renewal Management, Partner Success, and Professional Services, to define, develop and execute effective customer adoption strategies. 
Partner with the Customer Growth team to ensure clear Rules of Engagement and hand off processes to best identify and capitalize on account expansion opportunities 
Develop onsite cadence with customers for strategic workshops, QGRs and customer networking 
Manage Executive Sponsor Programs and Executive Business Reviews (EBRs) in partnership with Customer Growth and reps across all brands to provide ongoing visibility to Klaviyo leadership around customer sentiment, successes, challenges, risks and product optimizations in order to help inform prioritization and action moving forward

Who you are: 

10 years in an enterprise or strategic account leadership function
Strong leadership skills and experience building productive Enterprise level teams with effective performance management 
Demonstrated success in managing complex customer relationships, achieving customer satisfaction, and driving customer retention and expansion
Strong business acumen - experience diving into earnings reports, project planning during change in leadership, identifying macro business trends and upskilling your peers in these areas
Proven experience driving a strategic motion, including value propositions, executive planning, outcome based engagements
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to engage and influence stakeholders at all levels of an organization.
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, with the ability to navigate through ambiguity and provide effective solutions
Ability to prioritize and manage across team members and accounts, while maintaining a high level of attention to detail
Experience working with CRM systems and customer success tools (e.g., Salesforce, Gainsight) is preferred
Technical aptitude with the ability to triage and diagnose an issue while knowing when to bring in the right stakeholders to dive deeper and drive solutions forward
A passion for technology and a willingness to continuously learn and adapt in a fast-paced environment
Team player with a collaborative mindset and the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:160,000—240,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.