At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.The PE-VC, Partner Manager is primarily responsible for building relationships with Venture Capital and Private Equity firms to help their portfolio brands grow and achieve their vision.  Partner Managers play a critical role in developing, enabling and influencing investment firms to utilize Klaviyos technology within their portfolio brands.   This role is extremely collaborative and will work across the Partnerships, Customer Success, Marketing, and Sales teams. 
Your responsibilities will include identifying, developing, and partnering with the appropriate VC  PE firm while sourcing new business from direct referrals. Partner Managers are also running regular workshops, lunch  learns, and in-market networking events to educate your partners how Klaviyo can help to drive revenue for their portfolio brands.
We are looking for a candidate that has a proven track record of developing, growing and managing strategic partnerships by creating meaningful value.  You are passionate about data, thrive in a fast-paced environment, and have the ability to flex between big picture thinking while also sweating the details.  Expectations from this role include a deep understanding of the Retail industry, 
You will:

Create, grow and manage strategic partnerships with the best investment and advisory firms in North America.  
Represent Klaviyo with VC  PE partners, and be an active voice for Klaviyo in the ecosystem. 
Work closely with investment firms and the portfolio companies to ensure they are successfully launch on Klaviyo
Identify and qualify potential new business 
Execute the strategic business development plan while working with key internal stakeholders (e.g. sales teams, partners, marketing, support, etc.).
Identify new market trends and opportunities from the VC  PE ecosystem

Who You Are:

5 years of experience in sales or partnerships in SaaS andor financial services
A deep understanding of how investment firms operate and how to develop value
Strong interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to work effectively with a wide range of individuals
A results oriented, highly motivated, enthusiastic attitude and the ability to work independently
Process-oriented, with the ability to simplify, automate, and communicate effectively
Proficiency with tools such as Salesforce, Google Suite, Pitchbooks
Prior experience in both high-velocity SMB businesses and enterprise environments is a strong plus.
Strong sense of ownership over their everyday work and partners
Strong sense of curiosity with a bias towards action.

CR1 hybrid bostonThe starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:94,400—141,600 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.