At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.The Go To Market (GTM) Operations team at Klaviyo has the mission to proactively deliver intelligence and scalable operations to efficiently maximize revenue and customer experience across all GTM functions (Marketing, Sales, Success, Partnerships, and Customer Support). 
As a key function in GTM Ops, Marketing Analytics  Operations team supports our marketing organization. The Marketing Team is pretty special—a diverse group of empathetic thinkers, passionate doers, creative strategists, and true originals, all working together to solve interesting problems and connect with online brands from around the world. Together, we help businesses of all sizes build deeper customer relationships, acquire bigger audiences, and use data to fuel amazing experiences. So if you enjoy tackling challenges head-on, creating memorable marketing moments, and sharing big ideas on a team that champions them, you could be exactly who were looking for.
The Marketing Analytics  Operations group is entering into a scale-up phase, were looking for someone with the vision and experience to guide the organizations growth and maturation. The head of this function will have a huge opportunity to positively impact Klaviyos trajectory as a company. Marketing Analytics  Ops is responsible for:

Planning, forecasting, measuring ROI on marketing campaigns, investments,  initiatives
Evolving Klaviyos marketing tech stack and operations 
Driving key strategic initiatives and providing the connective glue through Marketing program management 

About the role:
As Director of Marketing Analytics  Operations, you will be responsible for building trusted relationships with Marketing leadership and broader GTM stakeholders that result in an aligned focus on delivering outcomes, supported by a clear strategy, prioritized plans, process maturity, disciplined execution and predictable, high-quality delivery of day-to-day operations and data insights.
Were looking for an analytically minded leader who will help us scale marketing programs across all segments (from SMB to Enterprise), channels (from digital inbound to account-based marketing), and go-to-market motions (from partnerships to customer marketing). 
You will partner with and enable marketing function leads to make better, faster, data-driven decisionsto enable them to achieve business objectives, and deliver growth for the company. You will join other data experts across the company to build and maintain a shared source of truth data foundation to answer strategic, and tactical business questions in an efficient and scalable way.
How you will make a difference:

Serve as a strategic thought partner to the marketing organization by surfacing key insights, providing recommendations on areas for improvement, and identifying growth levers in order to set strategic direction.
Build and guide a world-class marketing analytics and operations team and maintain the marketing analytics and ops roadmap. 
Help solve key challenges, such as attribution, lead routing and follow-up, program automation, data accuracy, funnel analysis, and forecasting for all marketing motions (self-serve, partnerships, and sales-led for both new logo acquisition as well as customer growth).
Architect and own the measurement framework and learning agenda for Marketing including defining key marketing metrics, and supporting experimentation design to ensure that data guides decision-making and prioritization of activities.
Own accurate forecasting models, and consistently report on delivery against targets, including establishing templatized scorecards against the full funnel for an aligned, holistic view on Marketing performance across segments, channels, geographies and products.
Manage a team that is responsible for analyzing data, distilling insights and presenting actionable findings that Marketing function leads can leverage to improve programs
Further Marketings understanding of levers that deliver business outcomes through thought leadership, new measurement solutions (MTA) and identification of leading indicators through correlation analysis.
Work cross-functionally across marketing channels e.g. Email, Site, Paid, ABM and GTM functions e.g. Sales, Marketing, CS, Partnerships to enable execution from insight to campaign performance to feedback loop. 
Work cross-functionally with BI, Finance, and Sales to uncover business growth opportunities or funnel challenges, inclusive of identifying key audience segments, underlying trends (e.g. competitive growth, platform adoption, vertical trends), and more.
Set key priorities for the Marketing Analytics and Operations team, and mentor and coach analysts and ops managers to deliver on that vision.
Build for Scale by automating reporting, documenting definitions and processes, building in education forums, executing global taxonomy across tech stacks and overall information shared to all teams. 

What were looking for:

10 years of experience in marketing, operations or analytics experience in a B2B or B2C environment. (must have experience working with digital marketing data: GAGA4, media, ad servers and more; experience with MTA a plus)
Demonstrated success driving business strategy by empowering decision makers with data and insights, developing frameworks, and driving learning agendas
Experience across multiple go-to-market motions: enterprise salesaccount-based marketing (ABM), ecommercegrowth hacking, customer marketing.
Deep knowledge of data visualization best practices, including direct experience with Tableau, Google Data Studio and more
Able to communicate, influence and reason effectively within a global, matrixed organization
Excellent organizational, prioritization and collaborative skills with proven experience in end-to-end project ownership across multiple teams
Comfortable in a fast-paced, agile environment with ability to navigate gray areas by making decisions and developing new processes and workflows
Effective people-management and career development
Comfortable with the B2B sales funnel (required)

Nice to have:

Thrives working with large volumes of data spanning multiple business lines and ingested into lakes, modeled in warehouses, and presented in business intelligence platforms like Looker.
Deeply understand the methodologies for experimental precision, but also can defer to practical decision making frameworks for speed.
Highly skilled in data analysis and visualization. Interested in up-leveling the state of our reporting infrastructure for day to day decision making.
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:176,000—264,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.