Knab was founded in 2012 because we wanted to do things differently. Simpler, smarter, and more advantageous for our customers. Because we believe we can help everyone maximize their financial affairs. Feel at ease when it comes to your finances. Every day. By combining smart technical solutions with a healthy dose of human intelligence, we create financial services that really meet your needs. Add to that some of the sublime personal service from our employees and you end up with something that is unique to the world of finance. From banking to insurance, we have got your back!
What will you do?As a member of the Regulatory Reporting team, you ensure that Knab complies with all external reporting obligations imposed by the Dutch Central Bank (DNB). Due to the banks size, you will be directly involved in all process steps.
Here is just a snapshot... of what this position involves;
This position is at the core of the bank, so you will quickly understand how Knab is developing. Together with Knabs Expert Center Data, we are working on automating all reporting processes to make them simpler and more robust. This will shift the current focus of the reporting process from preparation to analyzing the results.
In this role you will be responsible for several reports. Which ones will be dependent upon the experience you bring to the team. There are two main responsibilities you will take on. In Regulatory Reporting, our main responsibility is timely and accurate reporting into DNB. You will take the lead in completing and analyzing your share of the reports. We do see this as a team effort, though an important contribution will come from you.
The second part entails taking the lead in analyzing developing legislation for your domain of reports. It is important that Knab understands the impact of new developments timely. In addition, you will also act as the subject matter expert in your domain. Developments are monitored by a specialized team within the Compliance department, which is responsible for identifying new legislation. It will be your task to analyze what the changes involved mean for Knab. You do not do this by yourself, but in close cooperation with the other professionals in the Regulatory Reporting team and, for example, with other teams such as Asset and Liability Management, Capital Management, Market Risk and Credit Risk.
The teamKnabs Finance  Control department currently consists of 12 professionals and is split into Financial Control and Regulatory Reporting. In this position, you will report to our Head of Finance; Jan Aart van der Steen.
Your profileWe expect you to be most successful in this position if you:

have a good understanding of Basel III and IV, gained for example in a current consultancy or advisory position;
have a highly developed analytical and problem-solving ability;
are eager to learn and result-oriented, can work in a structured way and can quickly make connections;
are a strong personality who is quality-oriented and tenacious;
can clearly interpret the CRDCRR requirements and can use this specialist knowledge to make a correct analysis of the situation at Knab;
have several years of working experience in finance, a significant part of which includes experience with and the assessment of DNB reports.

Diversity Statement: Come as you are. Knab is an open workplace with positive vibes. We include all nationalities, races, and genders. We feel comfortable bringing our authentic whole selves to work and like you to do so too.
Work with us!If you come to work with us, Knab will become a significant part of your life. Therefore, we make sure the ambiance is just as exciting as your job. Check the benefits!
If you have questions about this role or the process, feel free to contact us!
We do not collaborate with third parties to fulfill this role.