AWSTypescript (Integrations) Developer for Mortgages 
 
Knab was founded in 2012 because we wanted to do things differently. Simpler, smarter and more advantageous for our customers. Because we believe we can help everyone maximize their financial affairs. Feel at ease when it comes to your finances. Every day. By combining smart technical solutions with a healthy dose of human intelligence, we create financial services that really meet your needs. Add to that some of the sublime personal service from our employees and you end up with something thats truly unique to the world of finance. From banking to insurances, weve got your back!  
All our colleagues have one thing in common: we each try to help customers maximize their money matters seamlessly and proactively. Were open minded, positive and committed to our customers. So, you gain control over your financial affairs 
In a nutshell  
We are moving towards out-of-the-box solutions in order to grow our Business Lending solution which we launched in February 2023. With a small team of Developers and Admins we try work smart and automate our processes as much as possible. Ambitions are high and we seek smart solutions in order to grow our proposition(s). Currently we are setting up our first Mortgage product and we are looking for a AWSTypescript developer that helps us with integrating the Solutions in our Domain.  The Team 
Business Lending has been set up in Knab in 2022 as a Strategic pillar for Knabs Asset origination Strategy. We decided to focus ourselves on integration solutions while partnering up with SaaS solutions for our Product Engines. This, in order to accelerate our growth ambitions. Our IT team consists of about 4 passionate Developers,  Functional and Technical Admins. We develop all our (integration) solutions in Typescript and all AWS-native. Together we build and run the Lending Solution and all associated products (Loans and Mortgages for small businesses) At Knab we have each others back!  
 
Heres a little taste of your challenges: 

You are problem-solver and design thinker when it comes to addressing our Business Requirements; 
You develop our integration solutions in order to automate our Business Processes;
You develop and improve the underlying infra components to be scalable and future-proof; 
You contribute to the (Azure Devops) pipeline and seek improvements; 
You will learn and grow your knowledge in AWS infra and tooling over time and seek new implementations to contribute to our growing proposition; 
You deliver clean code; 
You think about testing and QA when developing solutions (TDD); 
You think of ways to optimize the current solutions continuously, fixing the code you work on in your sprint; 
You keep track of what you develop by documenting and sharing; 
You set up monitoring for our AWS and SaaS instances and mitigate any issues by solving them and implementing measures to prevent them from occurring again; 
You monitor and act upon Incidents as they occur.

What you can expect from us: 

A challenging position in a young, fast-growing and ambitious FinTech company where you can leave your suit at home; 
We like to have fun. There is no sense in coming to work every day if you dont like the people you work with; 
Freedom to take your own initiative and responsibilities; 
The right laptop for you.   

What we expect from you: 
There is no set route to become a well-respected Software Engineer at Knab. But to be successful in this role, this is the kind of profile we have in mind:  

Experience in C and Typescript; 
You have (demonstrable) experience with CICD and automated testing;  
You have an eye for great clean code, testing. TDD practitioner is even better; 
Knowledge of cloud platforms, AWS and Azure (MS Dynamics, Salesforce) is preferred, especially on serverless containers and container orchestration, and microservices-based distributed architectures;  
Managing infrastructure through Terraforms; 
You are a strong problem solver, you have strong analytical skills, you have the ability to provide multiple solutions to a problem and approach it in different ways; 
You are eager for learning and knowledge sharing. 

Key Advantages when you apply:  

Background in Finance andor Mortgages;  
Hands-on experience and affinity with systems engineering and (cloud)networking;  
Architecture knowledge and networking: cloud, multi-cloud, hybrid and on-premise; 
AWS (Developer) Certifications. 

Note: You need to be eligible to work in the EU.    
Work with us  If you come to work with us, Knab will become a significant part of your life. Therefore, we make sure the ambiance is just as exciting as your job. Check the benefits!  
If you have any questions regarding this role or the process, please feel free to reach out to us. We dont collaborate with third parties to fulfill this role. 