Senior Skilled Helpdesk Engineer
 
Knab was founded in 2012 because we wanted to do things differently. Simpler, smarter and more advantageous for our customers. Because we believe we can help everyone maximize their financial affairs. Feel at ease when it comes to your finances. Every day. By combining smart technical solutions with a healthy dose of human intelligence, we create financial services that really meet your needs. Add to that some of the sublime personal service from our employees and you end up with something thats truly unique to the world of finance. From banking to insurances, weve got your back!
All our colleagues have one thing in common: we each try to help customers maximize their money matters seamlessly and proactively. Were open minded, positive and committed to our customers. So, you gain control over your financial affairs.
 
In a nutshell
 
Your daily activities:As a Skilled Helpdesk Engineer at Knab you are the first point of contact for our employees and suppliers for most of the IT related questions. You will help your colleagues when they experience issues with their laptop, need new hardware, have trouble with the meeting room equipment or need access rights. At Skilled we try to solve it all. In case of an IT incident you linking pin between third-party suppliers and our development teams. You are able to troubleshoot issues and contact the right colleagues. As senior member of the team you oversee and initiate improvement projects as well as protecting the service levels to our internal customers.  
 
The TeamAs a Skilled Helpdesk Employee you will be part of the IT Services Team within the IT Functions and Foundations stream. The IT Services team would make you part of a close-knit team of 3 fellow 1st line helpdesk engineers. The wider team consists of 1st  2nd line process managers. (incidentproblemchange etc.)  Functional application management and System engineers. Together with this team you are responsible for the digital workspace offered to all the employees. Hierarchical lines are with your IT Chapter Lead, who will help you further develop and arrange the day-to-day managerial activities for you.
At Knab we are organized alongside Valuestreams, consisting of multiple Scrum teams, operations departments and a support team. There are two Value Streams organized around our Customer Propositions: Daily Use and Financial Freedom. Also we have a supporting stream IT Functions and Foundations. By organizing this way: we achieve more focus and a higher speed of delivery.
 
Your Profile

Organizational skills
Pragmatic
Affinity with  IT in general
Customer oriented
Analytical skills

 
Skills and knowledge we would love to see:

English and Dutch, both written and spoken
Experience with or the will to learn Azure AD, Microsoft Endpoint manager (Intune) and Microsoft 365 suite (SharePoint online, Microsoft Teams online, Exchange
Experience with troubleshooting incidents on WindowsMac
ITIL Certified
Familiar with role based access control
Familiar with ticketing systems

 
If you have any questions regarding this role or the process, please feel free to reach out to us. We dont collaborate with third parties to fulfill this role.
 