Knab was founded in 2012 because we wanted to do things differently. Simpler, smarter and more advantageous for our customers. Because we believe we can help everyone maximize their financial affairs. Feel at ease when it comes to your finances. Every day. By combining smart technical solutions with a healthy dose of human intelligence, we create financial services that really meet your needs. Add to that some of the sublime personal service from our employees and you end up with something that is truly unique to the world of finance! 
In a nutshell The role of Business Analyst (Savings  Investments) is an exciting opportunity for someone entrepreneurial with a passion for building better solutions for customer needs and affinity for investment propositions.  
As a Business Analyst, you are the bridge between IT and the business. Your role is to translate business strategies into concrete requirements, in such a way that we can develop excellent investment journeys at Knab. Furthermore, your role is to look for innovative, safe, cost-efficient and customer friendly improvements to optimize our customer journey and processes. 
You will be part of the domain Savings  Investments. As Business analyst, you will work closely together with colleagues in all disciplines (e.g. Developers, Customer Journey Experts, Data Engineers, Functional Maintainers, Operations and more) to deliver value for customers. 
Furthermore:  

You identify and translate needs of clients and stakeholders into clear requirements; 
You identify process, product and capability improvements in a data driven way; 
You help design, document and maintain the value stream (BPMN processes, systems); 
You are able to create detailed sequence diagrams outlining where data belongs in each system and how it gets there;
You have an eye for details. You want to work out each case and ensure quality first time right delivery;
You configure SAAS solutions and conduct user acceptance testing. 

The Team Within Knab we work agile and you will be part of a multidisciplinary team. This means that you will form a team together with a Product Owner, Customer Journey Experts and IT developers. 
Your Profile There is no set route to become a great Business Analyst at Knab. But to be successful in this role, this is the kind of profile we have in mind: 

At least 5 years of relevant work experience in functional requirement gathering and (IT) system configuration; 
Direct banking or Investment management experience 
You have a passion for IT and data; 
You have strong analytical skills and the ability to structure information; 
You have strong written and verbal communication skills; 
You have experience in analysing data to draw business-relevant conclusions; 
You are a self-starter with the ability, agility and motivation for self-learning; 
You love to challenge the status quo and are eager to propose creative solutions;
Experience working with Agile tools like Jira and Confluence;
Experience with OFS is a plus. 

Come work with usWhen you come to work with us, Knab will become an important part of your life. That is why we ensure that the atmosphere and working conditions are just as vibrant as the job itself! Check the benefits!
Diversity Statement: Come as you are. Knab is an open workplace with positive vibes. We are inclusive of all nationalities, races and genders. We feel comfortable to bring our authentic whole selves to work and like you to do so too.We dont collaborate with third parties to fulfill this role.