Knab was founded in 2012 because we wanted to do things differently. Simpler, smarter and more advantageous for our customers. Because we believe we can help everyone maximize their financial affairs. Feel at ease when it comes to your finances. Every day. By combining smart technical solutions with a healthy dose of human intelligence, we create financial services that really meet your needs. Add to that some of the sublime personal service from our employees and you end up with something thats truly unique to the world of finance!
This role is right for you if you value impact.  You will be leading a team that researches and solves complex problems, and then works closely with Data engineering team to automate this process to prove it out at scale.
You will influence the direction of Knabs strategic goals, question the inherent assumptions in our thinking, and define business objectives in an innovative and encouraging environment. 
In a nutshell
The Manager of Data Science team is responsible for managing and developing a high-performing team of Data Scientists creating models and providing actionable insights that contribute directly to Knabs business strategy.
This is a high visibility role that will report to and support the Chief Data and Analytics Officer.
Your main responsibilities: 

Provide management and guidance to  our data scientists to implement Knabs Data and Analytics strategy;
Daily management of our Data Science team (10 FTE);
Anchor your teams work in the context of the broader Knab strategy;
Support and structure the growth and career of our data scientists;
Interact and collaborate with stakeholders across Knab, to understand business needs and synergies, champion the use and value of Advanced Analytics and Artificial Intelligence;
Stay abreast of industry leading best practices and bring them to the attention of the leadership team for innovative application;
Challenge the status -quo and accelerate our innovative work;
Active contribution to the Data and Analytics strategy and the OKRs of Expert Center Data department.

The teamThe Expert Center Data department consists of 28 data professionals with a big heart for the business value of Data, covering the following domains Data science, Data engineering, Data warehouse and Business Intelligence, Data architecture, Data governance and Data quality management. The department works with all functions of Knab and is Knabs Center of Excellence for all things data. The Data Science team is part of the Expert Center Data department.
You will report to our Chief Data and Analytics Officer, while working closely with multiple stakeholders from various teams across Knab to help us achieve our common objectives. You will be joining the Leadership team of Expert Center Data.
Your Profile

Masters degree in a relevant field (i.e.  Data Science, Econometrics, Physics, Mathematics, Artificial intelligence, Business Analytics etc.);
Minimum 6 years of work experience as Data Scientist, preferably in banking industry;
Proven track record of coaching colleagues and leading Data Science projects;
Excellent communicator: ability to explain to everyone, at every level in the organization what Data Science work means for them;
Accountable, self  aware, empathetic;
Advanced influencing, persuasion and negotiation skills;
Strong interpersonal and collaboration skills;
Positive attitude, hands on and team oriented;
Very good English language skills both written and verbal.

If you are experienced in Data Science (6 years experience)  with proven record to mentor, coach and develop people, and with passion for leading teams to drive results and interact with stakeholders we would love to hear from you.
Diversity Statement: Come as you are. Knab is an open workplace with positive vibes. We are inclusive of all nationalities, races and genders. We feel comfortable to bring our authentic whole selves to work and like you to do so too.
Work with us! If you come to work with us, Knab will become a significant part of your life. Therefore, we make sure the ambiance is just as exciting as your job. Check the benefits!
If you have any questions regarding this role or the process, please feel free to reach out to us!
We dont collaborate with third parties to fulfill this role.
 