Knab was founded in 2012 because we wanted to do things differently. Simpler, smarter and more advantageous for our customers. Because we believe we can help everyone maximize their financial affairs. Feel at ease when it comes to your finances. Every day. By combining smart technical solutions with a healthy dose of human intelligence, we create financial services that really meet your needs. Add to that some of the superb personal service from our employees and you end up with something thats truly unique to the world of finance!
In a nutshellIn a rapidly changing banking landscape, Knab is always on the move to keep up with market demands and customer expectations. Our Market Risk Management (MRM) team is at the core of this mission by monitoring and challenging the interest rate and liquidity risk positions of Knab as well as adherence to relevant regulation. Heres more about who we are and what we do:
The TeamThe MRM team is the vigilant guardian of Knabs financial stability. We are the second line of defense, working in tandem with the business to ensure that market risks are understood, manageable, and well-controlled. Our team brings together the best of both worlds - technical expertise and human intelligence.
The RoleAs a member of the MRM team, your responsibilities include:

Risk Monitoring: Youll monitor interest rate risk (IRRBB) and liquidity risk, providing vital insights into Knabs risk exposure;
Representation: Youll be the face of our team in internal meetings and committees, ensuring that our risk management strategies are aligned with the broader goals of the bank;
Ownership: Your role involves taking ownership of essential activities such as model updates, risk analysis, and reviews. Your contributions directly impact our risk management efforts;
Understanding Potential Impacts: We dive deep into understanding the potential impacts of IRRBB and liquidity risks, helping Knab make informed decisions;
Continuous Improvement: Youll contribute to the enhancement of our market risk management function, ensuring that we stay ahead of the curve;
Infrastructure Oversight: Supporting and overseeing the market risk infrastructure in Ambit Focus, youll have the opportunity to take the initiative to improve and maintain this crucial system.

In a dynamic and innovative team, ownership and collaboration are paramount. We empower our team members to lead focus areas and work closely with other teams across the bank to drive innovation and success.
Your ProfileWhile theres no set route, your foundation includes:

A university degree in a quantitative discipline;
0 to 3 years working experience in risk management or Treasury (preferably in interest rate risk andor liquidity risk);
Skills in R, Python, and SQL is preferred;
Adaptability, a drive for improvement, and the ability to collaborate with diverse stakeholders.

Work with us!Should you feel you dont tick all boxes of the above profile, yet you are enthusiastic about the role and a strong communicator, dont hesitate to get in touch with us and lets have a conversation. We are open to have a discussion with you to ensure you can excel based on your skills in your new role.
If you come to work with us, Knab will become a significant part of your life. Therefore, we make sure the ambiance is just as exciting as your job. Check the benefits!
Diversity Statement: Come as you are. Knab is an open workplace with positive vibes. We are inclusive of all nationalities, races and genders. We feel comfortable to bring our authentic whole selves to work and like you to do so too.
If you have any questions regarding this role or the process, please feel free to reach out to us!
We do not collaborate with third parties to fulfil this role.