Knab was founded in 2012 because we wanted to do things differently. Simpler, smarter and more advantageous for our customers. Because we believe we can help everyone maximize their financial affairs. Feel at ease when it comes to your finances. Every day. By combining smart technical solutions with a healthy dose of human intelligence, we create financial services that really meet your needs. Add to that some of the sublime personal service from our employees and you end up with something thats truly unique to the world of finance. From banking to insurances, weve got your back! 
All our colleagues have one thing in common: we each try to help customers maximize their money matters seamlessly and proactively. Were open minded, positive and committed to our customers. So, you gain control over your financial affairs
In a nutshell 
You will be optimising our AWS cloud environment. Together with the engineers in your team you keep our systems up-to-date, secure, and fast, to ensure Knab is in control. Analyzing and adequately following up on incidents and problems will be part of your job. You analyze problems and help determine a solution (or path). Finding and implementing the best solutions (sometimes in consultation with suppliers) will be part of your responsibilities. Of course, you will be working on optimizing our Continuous Delivery. Within the platform team the main focus will be on developing Knabs cloud capability that is being utilized by the value streams.
The TeamThe platform team consists of skilled CloudDevops engineers that is responsible for Knabs IT Cloud platform (AWS) and its development. You report to the IT Service Lead and will operate within the Daily Use stream. The value streams contain multiple Agile teams focussing on the same customer proposition and are responsible for the end product delivered to our customers. Within one of the value streams you report to the IT Chapter Lead. At Knab you will have the autonomy to pursue your own initiatives and responsibilities.
At Knab we are organized alongside Valuestreams, consisting of multiple Scrum teams, operations departments and a support team. There are two Value Streams organized around our Customer Propositions: Daily Use and Financial Freedom. Next to the valuestreams there is also the supporting stream: IT Functions and Foundations. By organizing this way: we achieve more focus and a higher speed of delivery.
Your Profile

High quality is an important factor in your daily job;
You are able to stay focused;
You are an excellent team player;
You understand what needs to be done to automate operations;

Skills and knowledge we would love to seeThere is not a set route to become a great Cloud Engineer at Knab, but to be successful in this role, this is the profile we have in mind:  

Multiple years of experience as a System Engineer  Cloud engineer, with good knowledge of Amazon Web  Services (and preferably also Azure or GCP). Setting up and maintaining a wide spectrum of IaaS and PaaS services:

Networking: VPC, Cloudfront, Route 53, ELB
Compute: EC2, ECS, Lambda
DatabaseStorageCache: RDS, S3, ElastiCache
Others: System Manager, KMS, CloudWatch

Writing infrastructure as a code with Terraform
Experience with Azure DevOps (Pipeline configuration)
Experience in scripting (Python, Powershell, HCLJSON)
Experience in Infrastructure as Code and Configuration Management
Experience with containerization  microservices
Very good knowledge of networking in general, and experience in network and infra tooling such as routers, VPNs, loadbalancers, and firewalls. 

Work with usIf you come to work with us, Knab will become a significant part of your life. Therefore, we make sure the ambiance is just as exciting as your job. Check the benefits! 
If you have any questions regarding this role or the process, please feel free to reach out to us. We dont collaborate with third parties to fulfill this role.