
Are you passionate about data and its business value? Would you like to make a difference by enhancing data management capabilities of an innovative bank with Customers at heart?
Quality data and information are key to Knab for reasons of decision making, analysis, compliance, stakeholders reporting, growth and efficiency and foremost enabling Knab to be the bank of choice for entrepreneurs and their families.
 
Knab was founded in 2012 because we wanted to do things differently. Simpler, smarter and more advantageous for our customers. Because we believe we can help everyone maximize their financial affairs. Feel at ease when it comes to your finances. Every day. By combining smart technical solutions with a healthy dose of human intelligence, we create financial services that really meet your needs. Add to that some of the sublime personal service from our employees and you end up with something thats truly unique to the world of finance!
 
In a nutshell
As 1st line of defense Data Management Risk Officer you play a crucial role for ensuring the integrity and compliance with relevant regulations of data-related processes, as data plays a significant role in decision making and regulatory compliance.
 
Your main responsibilities:
 Ensure the necessary controls and management of risks related to processes owned by Expert Center Data and Analytics (ECDA)
 Contribute to set up of ECDA control framework
 Identify, monitor, analyze, measure, manage and report data management risks
 Contribute to creation of a data control environment and demonstrate effectiveness
 Facilitate audit activities
 Play a key role in RCSAs for ECDA processes
 Contribute to new initiatives in Knab with a data management perspective to incorporate best practices from the start
 
The Team 
The Expert Center Data and Analytics department consists of 30 data professionals with a big heart for the business value of Data, covering the following domains Data science and Business Intelligence, Data engineering, Data warehousing, Data architecture and modeling, Data governance and Data quality management. The department works with all functions of Knab and is Knabs Center of Excellence for all things data.
The Expert Center Data and Analytics plays a key role in managing Knab data as a strategic business asset and achieving a consistent and uniform view of information based on quality data. There are four teams in the department: Data science, Data engineering, Data warehousing and Enterprise Data Office. This function is part of the Enterprise Data Office team. You will report to the Manager of Enterprise Data Office team, while working closely and align with 2nd line and 3rd line of defense teams, such as Operational Risk Management, Compliance and Internal Audit.
 
Your Profile
There is no predefined route to become a great Data Management Risk Officer at Knab. But to be successful in this role, this is the kind of profile we have in mind:

 Bachelors Masters degree in a relevant field (e.g. Information Management, Economics, Risk Management, Finance, Business Administration, Mathematics)
 Minimum 5 years of relevant work experience in key subject areas of Data Management
 Experience in risk management within financial industry, preferably with a focus on data risk.
 Proven experience in Data Risk ManagementData Governance, business intelligence and analytics
 Knowledge of Data Management frameworks (ex. DAMA -DMBOK, DCAM)
 Knowledge of BCBS 239 principles and other data related regulations (GDPR, AIA etc)
 Strong attention to detail
 Strong interpersonal and collaboration skills
 Results oriented and analytical
 Fluent English is required in spoken and written communication
 Experience in financial services is a prerequisite

 
Diversity Statement: Come as you are. Knab is an open workplace with positive vibes. We are inclusive of all nationalities, races and genders. We feel comfortable to bring our authentic whole selves to work and like you to do so too.
Work with us! If you come to work with us, Knab will become a significant part of your life. Therefore, we make sure the ambiance is just as exciting as your job. If you have any questions regarding this role or the process, please feel free to reach out to us!
 
We dont collaborate with third parties to fulfill this role.
 
