Knab was founded in 2012 because we wanted to do things differently. Simpler, smarter and more advantageous for our customers. Because we believe we can help everyone maximize their financial affairs. Feel at ease when it comes to your finances. Every day. By combining smart technical solutions with a healthy dose of human intelligence, we create financial services that really meet your needs. Add to that some of the sublime personal service from our employees and you end up with something that is truly unique to the world of finance!As a Senior Customer Journey Expert, you make sure that our customers experience an excellent customer journey at Knab, end to end. You are the bridge between IT and the business. Your role is to look for innovative, safe, cost-efficient and customer friendly improvements to optimize our customer journey and processes.In a nutshellYou will be part of the domain Know Your Customer  Financial Economic Crime (KYC  FEC). Our domain is responsible to minimize the risk that Knab and our customers are involved in money laundering and terrorist financing. In that way we contribute to a safer society. Within Knab, we want to have customer friendly solutions in place and being compliant at the same time. This involves creating a future proof, risk based ongoing due diligence customer journey, including transaction screening, event driven customer reviews, and automated monitoring.Furthermore:

You identify and translate needs of clients and stakeholders into IT requirements and functional designs;
You translate your vision into our strategy and roadmap;
You will optimize customer journeys and improve processes in a data driven way;
You are creative in bringing new solutions to the market, including customer communication;
You manage and control all process risks, key controls, PARP (product approval and review process) and policies that are associated with our journeys.

The TeamWithin Knab we work agile and you will be part of a multidisciplinary team. This means that you will form a team together with a Product Owner, a CJE and IT developers. Your manager is the lead of KYC  FEC.
Your ProfileThere is no set route to become a great Senior Customer Journey Expert at Knab. But to be successful in this role, this is the kind of profile we have in mind:

At least 6 years of relevant working experience, preferably in an IT development area;
You can identify yourself with our challenges, you come up with solutions and you take a leading role in realizing these solutions;
You love to challenge the status quo and are eager to propose creative solutions;
You are data driven and have affinity with the KYC domain;
You are interested in compliance, fraud and customer acceptance matters;
You are fluent in Dutch and English.

Diversity Statement: Come as you are. Knab is an open workplace with positive vibes. We are inclusive of all nationalities, races and genders. We feel comfortable to bring our authentic whole selves to work and like you to do so too.
Work with us!If you come to work with us, Knab will become a significant part of your life. Therefore, we make sure the ambiance is just as exciting as your job. Check the benefits!
If you have any questions regarding this role or the process, please feel free to reach out to us!
We dont collaborate with third parties to fulfill this role.
 