Knab was founded in 2012 because we wanted to do things differently. Simpler, smarter and more advantageous for our customers. Because we believe we can help everyone maximize their financial affairs. Feel at ease when it comes to your finances. Every day. By combining smart technical solutions with a healthy dose of human intelligence, we create financial services that really meet your needs. Add to that some of the sublime personal service from our employees and you end up with something thats truly unique to the world of finance!
In a nutshellAs Operational Risk Manager you will join the second line ORM Team. As member of a second line team your responsibilities include developing and implementing risk policies and guidelines, implementing regulations, raise risk awareness, advise on, and challenge the outcome of risk assessments and control testing, monitor and report on the operational risk profile within our organization. You can be the ORM contact for any of the domains in the organization.
We are looking for an enthusiastic colleague who has the ambition to increase the data quality in our core systems, communication channels and data. You have affinity with IT and data driven risks. Topics you should be familiar with are risk appetite setting, calculation of Operational Risk Capital, scenario analysis, Information security, cyber risk management, business continuity management, business process modeling, third party risk management and data quality management. Knowledge of banking regulations such as WfT and CRD, as well as of standards and regulations such as ISO, COBIT, Swift, Target2, GDPR and ISAE is expected. Experience with the implementation of GRC tooling is a plus.
The Team The Operational Risk Management team (ORM) within Knab consists of 6 dedicated risk specialists in the second line, who maintain the operational risk framework of the bank. You will work closely with other teams within the bank and report to the Head of ORM. The ORM team is part of the Risk and Compliance team and reports directly to the CRO of the bank.
Your ProfileAs Operational Risk Manager, you are a dedicated team player with a hands on mentality and result oriented.  At the same time you are able to coach and advise other colleagues. You have  strong communication skills, and the ability to communicate technical topics to non-technical stakeholders. You combine strong analytical skills with proven influencing and relationship management skills, and you are able to challenge conventional practices and pursue continuous improvement. Furthermore you have an excellent practical understanding of, and experience with operational risk management. 
Moreover, you have the following qualifications:

You think and operate on an academic level supported by a masters degree, in for example  Economics, Business Administration, Accounting or IT
you have demonstrable affinity with Operational andor IT risk management
At least 5  years experience in operational risk management, for example in a risk or audit function, in a complex or IT driven environment
A strong understanding of ORM practices and techniques including experience in the development and implementation of risk policies and risk tooling;
A good knowledge and understanding of financial and banking regulations such as WfT, CRD, EBA guidelines
Experience in a supervised financial institution is a plus
Fluency in English and preferably Dutch (both written and oral);
You are comfortable with a constantly changing environment.

Diversity Statement: Come as you are. Knab is an open workplace with positive vibes. We are inclusive of all nationalities, races and genders.
Work with us!If you come to work with us, Knab will become a significant part of your life. Therefore, we make sure the ambiance is just as exciting as your job. Check the benefits!
If you have any questions regarding this role or the process, please feel free to reach out to us. We dont collaborate with third parties to fulfill this role. 
 