 This job requires fluency in Dutch 
Knab was founded in 2012 because we wanted to do things differently. Simpler, smarter and more advantageous for our customers. Because we believe we can help everyone maximize their financial affairs. Feel at ease when it comes to your finances. Every day. By combining smart technical solutions with a healthy dose of human intelligence, we create financial services that really meet your needs. Add to that some of the sublime personal service from our employees and you end up with something thats truly unique to the world of finance. 
All our colleagues have one thing in common: we each try to help customers maximize their money matters seamlessly and proactively. Were open minded, positive and committed to our customers. So, you gain control over your financial affairs.
In a nutshellAs Functional Application Manager you will play a crucial role within Financial Freedom IT Support team. You know everything about our mission critical applications and you are at the heart of our company. It is an important role to make the operation run as smoothly as possible. You have insight into our banking systems and processes and dare to optimize and challenge them where necessary. Of course you are risksecurity-aware and make sure that problems are proactively addressed. Through your understanding of both the banking processes and your knowledge of IT you are a bridge between Business and IT. You are responsible for the applications within your domain, in addition, the following activities are also part of your daily tasks:

Make sure the various applications are always available when the business requires it;
Querying for reporting and building dashboards;
Analyze your problems (recurring incidents) and come up with improvement actions and proposals;
Take responsibility for resolving incidents;
Preparing change requests for suppliers andor internal teams;
Testing of new application versions;
Maintaining the authorization profiles (roles and permissions);
Answering information questions and manage documentation.

The teamWe work in a pleasant, enthusiastic and ambitious team in which we make a difference together. You will work closely together with your colleagues in which your input and expertise are of great importance for the results. Also you are willing to be part of a 7 x 24 standby service for major incidents.
The team works Agile in sprints of two weeks on continuous improvements. Together with four other development teams, the IT support team forms an important part of the value stream Financial Freedom. Within this value stream we are responsible for the systems and processes for the Financial Freedom products within Knab.
Your profile

You have a proactive attitude, involve the right people and know how to autonomously follow up on sometimes complex issues;
You are aware of risk and perform the actions to prevent risks;
You have at least an hbo work- and thinking level, with a relevant education;
You have an excellent command of the English language both verbally and in writing and you are a native Dutch speaker;
You have at least 3 years of experience as a functional application manager and know how to connect the business and IT;
You have experience in the financial domain;
Knowledge of standards such as BIMBISL2, ITIL, ALS2, AgileScrum is an advantage;
You support and advise the users of our banking systems (OFS) so experience with these systems is required.

Nice to have

Appian experience

Work with usIf you come to work with us, Knab will become a significant part of your life. Therefore, we make sure the ambiance is just as exciting as your job. Check the benefits! 
If you have any questions regarding this role or the process, please feel free to reach out to us!
We dont collaborate with third parties to fulfill this role.