Knab was founded in 2012 because we wanted to do things differently. Simpler, smarter and more advantageous for our customers. Because we believe we can help everyone maximize their financial affairs. Feel at ease when it comes to your finances. Every day. By combining smart technical solutions with a healthy dose of human intelligence, we create financial services that really meet your needs. Add to that some of the sublime personal service from our employees and you end up with something thats truly unique to the world of finance!
In a nutshellYou deliver as part of a team of audit professionals complex IT audit assignments scheduled across Knab. As senior IT Auditor you support planning, execution and reporting of audit activity accordance with internal standards, professional standards and guidelines.
In this role you are keen on help building our Internal Audit team, contribute to set up the Knab Audit Methodology and see to it that it is consistently followed on all audit assignments you participate in. Since we are a company with short and direct lines of management and communication you will be provided with lots of opportunities to engage with (senior) stakeholders and actively support the annual audit planning process.
You would be a perfect match with the team, when you are a highly analytical yet pragmatic IT audit expert, a great team player and someone that supports control environment improvement across the organization - who rolls up hisher sleeves if required in order to get the job done.
Your profileThere is no blueprint for being successful in this role, but we have the following profile in mind:

4 - 8 years work experience in an (international) audit environment, within a corporate andor at one of the big 4 accountancy firms;
Degree in Information (Systems) Management or similar;
Obtained a Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Registered EDP Auditor (RE), Certified Internal Auditor (CIA) or related certification;
Fluent in English (and proficiency in Dutch is nice to have), both verbal and written;
Knowledge of IT standards (e.g. ISO 27001, PCI-DSS), frameworks (e.g. ITIL, COBIT) technical systems and emerging technology;
Affinity with current and emerging technologies - specifically cloud technology;
Understanding of what being a trusted business partner in a service orientated audit function means, including experience building strong relationships with key stakeholders at all levels of an organization;
Sound knowledge of IT risk management and IT audit principles and an understanding of audit philosophy, methods and techniques e.g. flowcharting, interviewing, presentation, reporting; and
Demonstrable experience of working independently on internal audit assignments as well as in a team environment.

Come work with usShould you feel you do not tick all boxes of the below profile, yet you are enthusiastic about the role, dont hesitate to contact us and lets have a conversation. We are open to discussing with you to ensure you can excel based on your skills in your new role.When you come to work with us, Knab will become an important part of your life. That is why we ensure that the atmosphere and working conditions are just as vibrant as the job itself! Check the benefits!Diversity Statement:Come as you are. Knab is an open workplace with positive vibes. We are inclusive of all nationalities, races, and genders. We feel comfortable bringing our authentic whole selves to work and like you to do so too.
We dont collaborate with third parties to fulfill this role.
 