
Knab is an online bank, run by people. Were known for being different. At Knab, you wont find men in suits who only think about sales all day. But people who look for innovative solutions with the wishes of the customer in mind, always. We do that from wherever we feel most comfortable at that moment. From our familiar attic room, our social hub in Amsterdam or from a dune house on Terschelling. We are a diverse group of people, which is why our working language is English.
(Please note: fluentnative level Dutch is required for this position)
 
The role
In the team that is fully immersed in everything related to commerce, were looking for Database Marketeer. As Database Marketeer, you will ensure that data and marketing come together. This includes setting up new data connections and processes with our data engineers, working out customer journeys, optimizing and creating campaigns using the right data and generating insights from all available data. This is all done with the goal of making communication with our customers more relevant and personal.
 
Your work and responsibilities 

Designing and visualizing data landscapes, data connections and customer journeys
Enriching the marketing database by adding relevant data sets and improving data quality
Advising on approaching different target groups and using different channels
Helping to set up new automated campaigns, where your focus is on data and relevance
Thinking up and setting up new data connections in close cooperation with our data engineers
Obtaining and generating useful insights from the database that enable us to be more specific to customer needs
Creating marketing analysis and reports

 
Your profile
With the following qualities we think you can be very successful in this role:

3 years experience as CRM database marketer or a related role
HBOWO level of thinking
You are good at understanding a relational database model
You can translate insights and goals into campaigns and systems
You know what is involved in setting up a new data connection and can guide and advise on this
You see opportunities when diving into a CRM database and quickly know which analyses you want to make or which new (relevant) campaigns you want to set up
Experience with data analysis (SQL) and reporting tools (ie Tableau)
Very good analytical skills
Youre fluent in Dutch and English
Youre practical and results-oriented

 
The team
Within Knab we work agile. You are part of a multidisciplinary team. This means that you team up with a Product Owner, Customer Journey Experts and Digital marketers. The Database marketer has an HR reporting line to the Manager Data Science.
 
Join the Krew 
When you join us, Knab will become an important part of your life. We promise you that this is going to be an interesting part of your life. With many successes, fun drinks, great colleagues and special moments. Check out the benefits.
If you have any questions about this position or the application process, feel free to contact us!
