Knab was founded in 2012 because we wanted to do things differently. Simpler, smarter and more advantageous for our customers. Because we believe we can help everyone maximize their financial affairs. Feel at ease when it comes to your finances. Every day. By combining smart technical solutions with a healthy dose of human intelligence, we create financial services that really meet your needs. Add to that some of the sublime personal service from our employees and you end up with something thats truly unique to the world of finance!
In a nutshellAs a Senior Internal Auditor  NFR you want to contribute to the change process, identify bottlenecks and report them to senior management. With your in-depth knowledge and your excellent sense of the organization, you know how to bridge the gap between Internal Audit and the business. You are also curious, you have a hands on mentality, and you have the courage to name things clearly. With your expertise and personality, you are able to have an impact at different levels within Knab.
You are capable and will be responsible for executing more complex engagements from planning to reporting phase andor lead the engagement in team effort. And last but not least, bring a smile and have fun.
Your main responsibilities;

Work independently and proactively to deliver the right results for specific objectives and deliverables in line with the audit methodology and company values;
Organize meetings with stakeholders in a clear, structured and outcome-oriented manner;
Confidently and independently navigate tricky discussions, considering always the bigger picture;
Promote internal audit function as a third line, acting as a trusted advisor and providing valuable insights regarding applicable laws, regulations and applicable standards;
Respectfully challenge and influence key stakeholders to take informed risk decisions.

The TeamIn the role of Senior Internal Auditor - NFR you deliver, as part of a newly build team, complex audit assignments scheduled across Knab. You will support planning, execution and reporting of audit activity accordance with internal standards, professional standards and guidelines.
Because this is a very new team, you are also keen on help building our Internal Audit team, contribute to set up the Knab Audit Methodology and see to it that it is consistently followed on all audit assignments you participate in. Since we are a company with short and direct lines of management and communication you will be provided with lots of opportunities to engage with (senior) stakeholders and actively support the annual audit planning process.
You would be a perfect match with the team, when you are a highly analytical yet pragmatic internal audit expert, a great team player and someone that supports control environment improvement across the organization - who rolls up hisher sleeves if required in order to get the job done.
Your ProfileA great Senior Internal Auditor - NFR at Knab is not limited to a fixed set of requirements. But to be successful in this role, this is the profile we have in mind:

An academic level of work and thinking and preferably graduated as RAREROCIA;
Experience performing audits covering NFR, including compliance and operational risk. Familiarity with DNB mandatory audits in the NFR domain is a plus;
It is important to have a good understanding regarding regulatory requirements applicable to the banking sector (e.g. EBA Guidelines, PSD2 requirements, DORA, GDPR, BCM, Code of Conduct) ;
Affinity with IT related topics like general controls and information security;
Experience related to KYCAML reviews, and data privacy is a plus;
Knowledge and experience with data analysis and its use within the audit approach;
7 to 10 years of relevant work experience in the field;
Good written and oral skills in English;
You are hands-on, result-oriented and curious. 

Diversity Statement: Come as you are. Knab is an open workplace with positive vibes. We are inclusive of all nationalities, races and genders.We feel comfortable to bring our authentic whole selves to work and like you to do so too.
Work with us!If you come to work with us, Knab will become a significant part of your life. Therefore, we make sure the ambiance is just as exciting as your job. Check the benefits!
If you have any questions regarding this role or the process, please feel free to reach out to us.
We dont collaborate with third parties to fulfill this role.
 