Knab was founded in 2012 because we wanted to do things differently. Simpler, smarter and more advantageous for our customers. Because we believe we can help everyone maximize their financial affairs. Feel at ease when it comes to your finances. Every day. By combining smart technical solutions with a healthy dose of human intelligence, we create financial services that really meet your needs. Add to that some of the sublime personal service from our employees and you end up with something thats truly unique to the world of finance!
In a nutshellAs  Data warehouse Specialist you love to work with data and feel challenged by make it comprehensible. You endorse the Data Quality by design principle as Data Quality is important for customer experience, decision making and regulatory compliance. You are not afraid to get to the bottom of things, but recognize situations where a swift solution is the best answer. You get energized by the idea of making data usable for different purposes: regulatory reporting, business intelligence, management decision making, predictive modeling.
Your main responsibilities: 

Evaluate Knab wide business needs to provide fit for purpose solutions;
Work on Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence artifacts (Data marts, OLAP cubes) design and implementation;
Enhancing data quality by building automated checks and controls ;
Provide clean, transformed data ready for different consumption needs;
Maintain data solutions documentation and data definitions;
Take ownership of your personal development.

The Team The Expert Center Data department consists of 28 data professionals with a big heart for the business value of Data, covering the following domains Data Science, Data Engineering, Data warehousing, Data Quality Management, Data Architecture  Data Governance. The department works with all functions of Knab. The team consists of all communicative beta nerds who get energized by complex data challenges that solve business problems and make a difference for our customers. You will report to our Chief Data and Analytics Officer, while working closely with multiple stakeholders from various teams across Knab to help us achieve our common objectives.
Your ProfileThere is no predefined route to become a great Data warehouse Specialist at Knab. But to be successful in this role, this is the kind of profile we have in mind:

BachelorsMasters degree in a relevant field (i.e. Information science, Econometrics, Finance, Computer science, Business Administration);
5 years Working experience in a similar position;
Very good knowledge of Data warehouse development and related processes;
Advanced knowledge of different data modelling techniques (e.g. relational, dimensional, Data Vault);
Working knowledge of dbt tool is an advantage;
Experience in development of other BI artifacts, such as Data marts, Data Cubes;
Can bring across a message clearly and concisely;
Able to work under pressure in a focused and precise manner;
Strong SQL skills; knowledge of Python is a plus;
Knowledge of regulatory requirements related to data management is an advantage;
Experience in Banking is a prerequisite.

Diversity Statement: Come as you are. Knab is an open workplace with positive vibes. We are inclusive of all nationalities, races and genders. We feel comfortable to bring our authentic whole selves to work and like you to do so too.
Work with us!If you come to work with us, Knab will become a significant part of your life. Therefore, we make sure the ambiance is just as exciting as your job. Check the benefits!
If you have any questions regarding this role or the process, please feel free to reach out to us!We dont collaborate with third parties to fulfill this role. 