Knab was founded in 2012 because we wanted to do things differently. Simpler, smarter and more advantageous for our customers. Because we believe we can help everyone maximize their financial affairs. Feel at ease when it comes to your finances. Every day. By combining smart technical solutions with a healthy dose of human intelligence, we create financial services that really meet your needs. Add to that some of the sublime personal service from our employees and you end up with something thats truly unique to the world of finance!
For our value stream IT Foundation we are looking for a 1st line IT Risk Officer.
In a nutshellAs 1st Line IT Risk Officer, you are the expert on IT risk management within the information technology domain of Knab. You enable the CTO, CISO, Chapter Leads and operational teams by structuring, coordinating, monitoring and advising on their risk management activities within IT on which the business of Knab thrives. Together with the business, you ensure that business activities related to IT are organized and executed in such a way that the risks are being managed within the assigned risk appetite.We are looking for someone that has a learning mentality, is proactive and loves to structure. Besides that, you are driven to explore and lead in the field of risk management at an innovative bank. We offer a great place to work with an eager and open mindset where we take our risk in an intelligent way.
As 1st Line IT Risk Officer:

You ensure that risk management is an integral part of the day-to-day business and decision making;
You assist management in raising awareness on the importance of risk management and the implementation of the appropriate conditions and culture to enable the successful execution of risk management activities;
You ensure that operational risk, necessary controls and management of remaining risks is an integral and demonstrable part of the decision-making process;
You ensure that all steps of the risk management process are implemented in the IT processes of the value stream IT Foundation (identify, assess, react to risks and loss events, monitor and report).

 The TeamYou reside within the Value Stream IT Foundation and are part of the Security, BCM and IT Risk team. Together with one other 1st Line IT Risk Officer you support the CISO, CTO, Chapter Leads, Process Owners and System Owners.Furthermore, you align with teams positioned at the 2nd and 3rd line of defense of Knab, such as Operational Risk, Compliance, Enterprise Risk and Internal Audit.
Your ProfileTo be successful in this role, this is the kind of profile we require:

5-10 years gained experience within IT risk management domains (preferably in banking), such as compliance, internal controls, andor audit;
Excellent oral and written communicative skills in English;
Masters Degree in Risk Management, IT or affiliated, or relevant working experience;
Strong knowledge of SOx and ITGC framework;
You have experience with typical IT risk topics, including BCM;
Strong stakeholder management skills (controlprocess owners, auditors);
Practical hands-on experience with IT control design, execution and testing;
A deep understanding of IT risk management practices and techniques;
Certifications CRISC, CISA, or others are a plus.

Diversity Statement: Come as you are! Knab is an open workplace with positive vibes. We are inclusive of all nationalities, races, and genders. We feel comfortable to bring our authentic whole selves to work and like you to do so too.
Work with us!If you come to work with us, Knab will become a significant part of your life. Therefore, we make sure the ambiance is just as exciting as your job. Check the benefits! If you have any questions regarding this role or the process, please feel free to reach out to us! We dont collaborate with third parties to fulfil this role.