
About the Role


Our fast-growing company is looking for a dependable part-time office coordinator to join our New York office.
The office coordinator position is for someone who is detail-oriented, professional, outgoing, and friendly, and whose primary purpose is to work closely with the Manager, Global Workplace Experience (based in San Francisco) and NY Site Leads to help to manage the New York office and steward its culture. This position involves general office organization, building community connections, and streamlining business operations throughout the organization.
Responsibilities
Logistics for Event Planning  Communications

Planning in-office localized events
Planning in-person group events based in NY
Plan virtual events for GTM
Share and promote events through EPOCH

NYC Culture

Owning NY All Hands presentation including content, speakers, and slide deck.
Keeping a pulse on the culture index

EPOCH Data
Occupancy Data
Pulse
All Hands - Sense of belonging questions - NY identity


DRI for NYC culture committee and represent the culture committee needs to Site Leads and Site Exec

Office Access

Access key FOBS
Security
Lunches

Employee Onboarding

Digital signage
New hire gifts

Manage site

Ordering and restocking office supplies
Shipping and receiving
Vendor management
Building relationship
Office safety

Qualifications

Comfortable and capable of working onsite 3-5 days per week
High proficiency in technology and Microsoft applications
Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills
High standards of customer service. Those with front-of-the-house hospitality experience is a plus.
Excellent organizational and time management skills
Detail-oriented  multi-tasking aptitude
Great team player and positive mental attitude
Flexible and adaptable
Proactive problem solver and have a level of autonomy
Curiosity, conviction, and opinion in the areas they own

Hours

Monday - Thursday
9-3pm
In office  195 Broadway St

Salary
Hourly Rate - 30-33
About Lattice
Lattice is on a mission to build cultures where employees and their companies thrive . In an age where employees have more choices than ever before, businesses that put employees first are winning  and Lattice is building the tools to empower those people-centric companies. Lattice is a people success platform that offers performance reviews, employee engagement surveys, real-time feedback, weekly check-ins, goal setting, and career planning in a way that allows companies to focus on employee development, growth, and engagement  yielding stronger employee retention, performance, and impact to the bottom line . Since launching in 2016, we have grown to over 4,600 customers globally, including brands like Slack, Pinterest, Reddit, and Asana. 
What else does Lattice have to offer? Were so glad you asked! We invest in our peoples personal and professional growth because that sort of growth begets business impact and personal fulfillment . We believe in the value of continued learning investments and reimbursements. We offer a competitive salary (including equity) and our benefits are thoughtful. We believe that taking the time for you is important and have a flexible vacationtime-off policy to prove it. We even incorporated Lattice Recharge Days to ensure youre getting a break every month. Lattice has also implemented a  remote-first hybrid model (team-dependent, you work from wherever makes you most comfortable). If that gets you excited, now is the perfect time to join; so bring your appetite for ownership and creation and help Lattice continue to grow! 

Lattice is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identityexpression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Lattice is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
By clicking the Submit Application button below, you consent to Lattice processing your personal information for the purpose of assessing your candidacy for this position in accordance with Lattices Job Applicant Privacy Policy.