This is Product at Lattice
The Lattice Product team is on a mission to make work meaningful for companies across the world. Lattice is a talent management platform that offers performance reviews, employee engagement surveys, real-time feedback, weekly check-ins, goal setting, and career and compensation planning in a way that allows companies to focus on employee development, growth, and engagement  yielding stronger employee retention, performance, and impact to the bottom line. Since launching in 2016 we have grown to over 5,000 customers globally and are the market leader in talent management.
What You Will Do
As a Lead Product Manager, you will play an important role in working on our Engagement product which helps our customers collect feedback, discover insights, and implement programs that improve productivity and retention. In this role, you will also:

Develop a multi-year vision, strategy, and roadmap for your product area and drive execution.
Support and inspire your team to do the same as they define, plan, and prioritize our product work.
Partner with leadership across our Engineering, Product, and Design organizations to ensure we are developing our platform on common primitives with high degrees of product interoperability
Form strong cross-functional relationships across the organization including with our Go-to-market partners
Deliver on product and business goals

What You Will Bring to the Table
We are looking for someone who has a combination of the following:

Proven track record of supporting high-performing teams with a track record of developing products with best-in-class customer experiences
6 years of progressive experience in product management
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills with a talent for succinctly articulating customer challenges
Employee-focus: you care deeply about the people on your team, helping them to achieve their personal and professional goals, and enabling them to do their best work.
Comfort with ambiguity, autonomy, and responsibility; you enjoy figuring out what needs to be done—and then doing it.
You have experience overseeing the product decision-making process across multiple teams.
Preferably, you have professional experience with multi-product, B2B SaaS applications

 
The estimated annual cash salary for this role is 130,000 - 203,000. This position is also eligible for incentive stock options, subject to the terms of Lattices applicable plans
Benefits: The Company offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Medical insurance; Dental insurance; Vision insurance; Life, ADD, and Disability Insurance; Emergency Weather Support; Wellness Apps; Paid Parental Leave, Paid Time off inclusive of holidays and sick time; Commuter  Parking Accounts; Lunches in the Office; Workplace Amenities Stipend, Internet and Phone Stipend; One time WFH Office Set-Up Stipend; 401(k) retirement plan; Financial Planning; Learning  Development Budget; Sabbatical Program; and Invest in Your People Fund
Note on Pay Transparency:
Lattice provides an estimate of the compensation for roles that may be hired as required by state regulations. Compensation may vary based on (a) location, as Lattice factors in specific location when benchmarking compensation for most roles; (b) individual candidate skills and qualifications; and (c) individual candidate experience.
Additionally, Lattice leverages current market data to determine compensation, so posted compensation figures are subject to change as new market data becomes available. The salary, other compensation, and benefits information is accurate as of the date of this posting. Lattice reserves the right to modify this information at any time, subject to applicable law. 
LI-RemoteAbout Lattice
Lattice is on a mission to build cultures where employees and their companies thrive . In an age where employees have more choices than ever before, businesses that put employees first are winning  and Lattice is building the tools to empower those people-centric companies. Lattice is a people success platform that offers performance reviews, employee engagement surveys, real-time feedback, weekly check-ins, goal setting, and career planning in a way that allows companies to focus on employee development, growth, and engagement  yielding stronger employee retention, performance, and impact to the bottom line . Since launching in 2016, we have grown to over 4,600 customers globally, including brands like Slack, Pinterest, Reddit, and Asana. 
What else does Lattice have to offer? Were so glad you asked! We invest in our peoples personal and professional growth because that sort of growth begets business impact and personal fulfillment . We believe in the value of continued learning investments and reimbursements. We offer a competitive salary (including equity) and our benefits are thoughtful. We believe that taking the time for you is important and have a flexible vacationtime-off policy to prove it. We even incorporated Lattice Recharge Days to ensure youre getting a break every month. Lattice has also implemented a  remote-first hybrid model (team-dependent, you work from wherever makes you most comfortable). If that gets you excited, now is the perfect time to join; so bring your appetite for ownership and creation and help Lattice continue to grow! 

Lattice is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identityexpression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Lattice is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
By clicking the Submit Application button below, you consent to Lattice processing your personal information for the purpose of assessing your candidacy for this position in accordance with Lattices Job Applicant Privacy Policy.