This is Security Engineering at Lattice
As the Head of Security Engineering at Lattice, you will be responsible for leading our Security Engineering organization. In this role, you will be managing all customer-facing aspects of our technical security function, including Product Security, and Infrastructure Security. You will also partner on Corporate Security and Compliance initiatives with our IT and Legal teams. You will work closely with cross-functional teams across the company to develop and implement security strategies, policies, and best practices to protect our platform and our customers. The ideal candidate is hands-on and able to offer technical solutions in real-time. You can confidently represent security best practices and risks, and articulate tradeoffs to different approaches. You are familiar with running teams at different scales and can adjust your approach as the team grows.
You will also oversee incident detection and response, customer-facing security and compliance programs, and our vulnerability management programs. You will lead your team, and the company at large, in maturing our security practices as we grow. This is a high-impact role, reporting directly to our CTO, requiring strategic planning and a deep understanding of cybersecurity.
What You Will Do

You will develop and execute a comprehensive security strategy and roadmap that aligns with the organizations goals and objectives.
You will recruit, lead, and manage the security engineering team, providing guidance, mentorship, and direction to ensure the teams success.
You will collaborate with Engineering, Product, Legal, IT, and other teams to integrate security best practices into the development and deployment of products and services.
You will identify and assess potential security risks and vulnerabilities associated with the companys platform, systems, and infrastructure.
You will design programs and initiatives to mitigate security risks and increase security hardening.
You will establish and maintain strong relationships with internal stakeholders, ensuring that security principles are integrated into all aspects of the companys operations, including during the procurement of third-party vendors.
You will monitor industry trends, emerging threats, and regulatory changes to continuously improve the security program and maintain compliance with relevant standards and regulations.
In partnership with executive management, you will define the staffing strategy for the security function and advocate for the appropriate level of headcount and budget to meet the companys requirements and risks.

What You Will Bring to the Table

You have proven experience (at least 8 years) working in information security, cybersecurity, or a related role, with experience in Software-as-a-Service and Cloud-based software delivery domains.
You have experience leading customer-facing aspects of a security program for a company with a proven track record of supporting and partnering with software engineers and non-technical partners. 
You have experience managing software engineers andor security software engineers. Even better if you have experience managing software engineering managers, as that will help you scale in the role as we grow.
You have strong knowledge of cybersecurity principles, technologies, and best practices, including technologies like encryption, certificates, networking, and web technologies.
You have knowledge of international privacy and information security related regulations.
You have excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to communicate complex security concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences. 
You have excellent leadership and people management skills, with the ability to build and lead a high-performing security team.

 
The estimated annual cash salary for this role is 202,250.00 - 337,250.00. This position is also eligible for incentive stock options, subject to the terms of Lattices applicable plans.
Benefits: The Company offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Medical insurance; Dental insurance; Vision insurance; Life, ADD, and Disability Insurance; Emergency Weather Support; Wellness Apps; Paid Parental Leave, Paid Time off inclusive of holidays and sick time; Commuter  Parking Accounts; Lunches in the Office; Workplace Amenities Stipend, Internet and Phone Stipend; One time WFH Office Set-Up Stipend; 401(k) retirement plan; Financial Planning; Learning  Development Budget; Sabbatical Program; and Invest in Your People Fund
Note on Pay Transparency:
Lattice provides an estimate of the compensation for roles that may be hired as required by state regulations. Compensation may vary based on (a) location, as Lattice factors in specific location when benchmarking compensation for most roles; (b) individual candidate skills and qualifications; and (c) individual candidate experience.
Additionally, Lattice leverages current market data to determine compensation, so posted compensation figures are subject to change as new market data becomes available. The salary, other compensation, and benefits information is accurate as of the date of this posting. Lattice reserves the right to modify this information at any time, subject to applicable law.
LI-remoteAbout Lattice
Lattice is on a mission to build cultures where employees and their companies thrive . In an age where employees have more choices than ever before, businesses that put employees first are winning  and Lattice is building the tools to empower those people-centric companies. Lattice is a people success platform that offers performance reviews, employee engagement surveys, real-time feedback, weekly check-ins, goal setting, and career planning in a way that allows companies to focus on employee development, growth, and engagement  yielding stronger employee retention, performance, and impact to the bottom line . Since launching in 2016, we have grown to over 4,600 customers globally, including brands like Slack, Pinterest, Reddit, and Asana. 
What else does Lattice have to offer? Were so glad you asked! We invest in our peoples personal and professional growth because that sort of growth begets business impact and personal fulfillment . We believe in the value of continued learning investments and reimbursements. We offer a competitive salary (including equity) and our benefits are thoughtful. We believe that taking the time for you is important and have a flexible vacationtime-off policy to prove it. We even incorporated Lattice Recharge Days to ensure youre getting a break every month. Lattice has also implemented a  remote-first hybrid model (team-dependent, you work from wherever makes you most comfortable). If that gets you excited, now is the perfect time to join; so bring your appetite for ownership and creation and help Lattice continue to grow! 

Lattice is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identityexpression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Lattice is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
By clicking the Submit Application button below, you consent to Lattice processing your personal information for the purpose of assessing your candidacy for this position in accordance with Lattices Job Applicant Privacy Policy.