This is Analytics at Lattice
This is a senior individual contributor role within GTM Analytics on our Business Operations team. Youll work cross functionally across our entire GTM organization to help inform our strategy and business decisions, with a focus on driving long-term improvements to ensure the continued success of the GTM team.
You will own our bottoms-up GTM plan from marketing to retention and provide critical insights into key trends in sales  marketing productivity for new and existing business units. This role will work closely with Sales and Operational leaders across a variety of long-term strategic initiatives as well as ad-hoc projects.
What You Will Do

You will be the subject matter expert for all things productivity related - own our  bottoms-up GTM model to ensure we set realistic marketing, sales, and retention targets and have the headcount plan in place to meet or exceed our plan.
You will perform scenario analyses to flag upside potential or risks to key assumptions underlying our GTM model.
You will drive internal alignment on funnel performance and areas of opportunity by assisting in the creation of materials for our monthly Revenue performance review.
You will perform quarterly variance analyses to improve forecasting accuracy for current and future fiscal years.
You will build partnerships within the Business Operations organization, and in the wider Finance, Sales, and Marketing organizations to maximize the impact of projects.
You will evaluate the impact of GTM initiatives on current Fiscal Year outcomes.

What You Will Bring to the Table

You have 5 years of relevant experience in roles such as Sales Finance, SalesBusinessRevenue Operations, or as a Consultant with relevant domain experience.
You have the ability to drive clarity on ambiguous problems and communicate technical analyses into digestible and actionable recommendations.
You are confident building senior-level relationships and working with peers across a variety of levels.
You have financial modeling experience.
You have working experience with SQL.

Nice to Have:

Prior experience in SaaS preferred.

 
The estimated annual cash salary for this role is 97,250 - 152,000. This position is also eligible for incentive stock options, subject to the terms of Lattices applicable plans.
Benefits: The Company offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Medical insurance; Dental insurance; Vision insurance; Life, ADD, and Disability Insurance; Emergency Weather Support; Wellness Apps; Paid Parental Leave, Paid Time off inclusive of holidays and sick time; Commuter  Parking Accounts; Lunches in the Office; Workplace Amenities Stipend, Internet and Phone Stipend; One time WFH Office Set-Up Stipend; 401(k) retirement plan; Financial Planning; Learning  Development Budget; Sabbatical Program; and Invest in Your People Fund
Note on Pay Transparency:
Lattice provides an estimate of the compensation for roles that may be hired as required by state regulations. Compensation may vary based on (a) location, as Lattice factors in specific location when benchmarking compensation for most roles; (b) individual candidate skills and qualifications; and (c) individual candidate experience.
Additionally, Lattice leverages current market data to determine compensation, so posted compensation figures are subject to change as new market data becomes available. The salary, other compensation, and benefits information is accurate as of the date of this posting. Lattice reserves the right to modify this information at any time, subject to applicable law.
LI-remoteAbout Lattice
Lattice is on a mission to build cultures where employees and their companies thrive . In an age where employees have more choices than ever before, businesses that put employees first are winning  and Lattice is building the tools to empower those people-centric companies. Lattice is a people success platform that offers performance reviews, employee engagement surveys, real-time feedback, weekly check-ins, goal setting, and career planning in a way that allows companies to focus on employee development, growth, and engagement  yielding stronger employee retention, performance, and impact to the bottom line . Since launching in 2016, we have grown to over 4,600 customers globally, including brands like Slack, Pinterest, Reddit, and Asana. 
What else does Lattice have to offer? Were so glad you asked! We invest in our peoples personal and professional growth because that sort of growth begets business impact and personal fulfillment . We believe in the value of continued learning investments and reimbursements. We offer a competitive salary (including equity) and our benefits are thoughtful. We believe that taking the time for you is important and have a flexible vacationtime-off policy to prove it. We even incorporated Lattice Recharge Days to ensure youre getting a break every month. Lattice has also implemented a  remote-first hybrid model (team-dependent, you work from wherever makes you most comfortable). If that gets you excited, now is the perfect time to join; so bring your appetite for ownership and creation and help Lattice continue to grow! 

Lattice is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identityexpression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Lattice is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
By clicking the Submit Application button below, you consent to Lattice processing your personal information for the purpose of assessing your candidacy for this position in accordance with Lattices Job Applicant Privacy Policy.