As the Senior Customer Advocacy Manager, you will play a pivotal role in amplifying the voices of Lattice customers, which include HR leaders and practitioners. Your primary focus will be harnessing the power of their success stories to establish trust and drive engagement among current and prospective customers. As a team of one, you will own our advocacy program and be responsible for evolving current practices  via new strategies and technology  to meet business goals.
You will take the lead in identifying, nurturing, and promoting customer advocates while creating compelling content to showcase how Lattice contributes to thriving workplace cultures and effective people programs. We are in search of a hands-on contributor who excels in bringing big ideas to life. The ideal candidate will be a flexible, cross-functional team player with a passion for storytelling, customer success, and innovation.
Responsibilities

Identify and cultivate relationships with customers eager to advocate for Lattice products or services
Collaborate with product teams, customer success teams, and customers to gather information for creating compelling and interactive case studies.
Integrate customer advocacy and case study content into various marketing campaigns, including email marketing, webinars, and product launches.
Establish a system for measuring and tracking advocacy engagement and impact.
Identify and manage technology platforms that help us scale customer voices across sales and product teams. 
Build and manage a voice of customer program that can be used to enhance our products and services.
Strategize and execute GTM plans to increase user engagement and paid conversions across customer onboarding and life-cycle journey
Work closely with the branding and comms team to ensure that all communication with customers share a single unified voice and that all touch points strengthen the strategic narrative.

Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in marketing, communications, or a related field (Masters degree preferred).
5 year of proven experience in customer marketing, customer advocacy, or a related role.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent storytelling abilities and the capacity to translate technical information into engaging narratives.
Familiarity with customer relationship management (CRM) systems and marketing automation tools.
Data-driven mindset with the ability to analyze and interpret marketing metrics.
Exceptional project management and organizational skills.
Strong interpersonal skills for building and maintaining relationships with customers and cross-functional teams.
Creative thinking and problem-solving abilities.

The estimated annual cash salary for this role is 96,500 - 150,750
This position is also eligible for incentive stock options, subject to the terms of Lattices applicable plans. 
Benefits: The Company offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Medical insurance; Dental insurance; Vision insurance; Life, ADD, and Disability Insurance; Emergency Weather Support; Wellness Apps; Paid Parental Leave, Paid Time off inclusive of holidays and sick time; Commuter  Parking Accounts; Lunches in the Office; Workplace Amenities Stipend, Internet and Phone Stipend; One time WFH Office Set-Up Stipend; 401(k) retirement plan; Financial Planning; Learning  Development Budget; Sabbatical Program; and Invest in Your People Fund
 Note on Pay Transparency:
Lattice provides an estimate of the compensation for roles that may be hired as required by state regulations. Compensation may vary based on (a) location, as Lattice factors in specific location when benchmarking compensation for most roles; (b) individual candidate skills and qualifications; and (c) individual candidate experience.
Additionally, Lattice leverages current market data to determine compensation, so posted compensation figures are subject to change as new market data becomes available. The salary, other compensation, and benefits information is accurate as of the date of this posting. Lattice reserves the right to modify this information at any time, subject to applicable law.
LIREMOTE About Lattice
Lattice is on a mission to build cultures where employees and their companies thrive . In an age where employees have more choices than ever before, businesses that put employees first are winning  and Lattice is building the tools to empower those people-centric companies. Lattice is a people success platform that offers performance reviews, employee engagement surveys, real-time feedback, weekly check-ins, goal setting, and career planning in a way that allows companies to focus on employee development, growth, and engagement  yielding stronger employee retention, performance, and impact to the bottom line . Since launching in 2016, we have grown to over 4,600 customers globally, including brands like Slack, Pinterest, Reddit, and Asana. 
What else does Lattice have to offer? Were so glad you asked! We invest in our peoples personal and professional growth because that sort of growth begets business impact and personal fulfillment . We believe in the value of continued learning investments and reimbursements. We offer a competitive salary (including equity) and our benefits are thoughtful. We believe that taking the time for you is important and have a flexible vacationtime-off policy to prove it. We even incorporated Lattice Recharge Days to ensure youre getting a break every month. Lattice has also implemented a  remote-first hybrid model (team-dependent, you work from wherever makes you most comfortable). If that gets you excited, now is the perfect time to join; so bring your appetite for ownership and creation and help Lattice continue to grow! 

Lattice is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identityexpression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Lattice is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
By clicking the Submit Application button below, you consent to Lattice processing your personal information for the purpose of assessing your candidacy for this position in accordance with Lattices Job Applicant Privacy Policy.