This is Engineering at Lattice 
The Platform Frameworks team is part of the broader Platform organization and provides tools and frameworks that accelerate feature delivery for developers working on the Lattice product suite. The teams mission is to pave roads in order to provide well-worn pathways to success for product engineers. We aim to reduce complexity and cognitive load while at the same time improving the reliability of our products and applications.

You will build software to help the humans powering organizations to thrive.
You will work with other engineers to build and own products across a modern tech stack, including Terraform, PostgreSQL, Node.js, GraphQL, Relay Modern, and TypeScript. We rely on AWS to host our infrastructure.
You will drive the implementation of complex projects, including those that require cross-functional collaboration with product managers and other engineering teams.
You will provide substantial mentorship to less experienced colleagues, helping to refine their technical craft and expand their knowledge.
You will make contributions to our engineering practices, identifying and evangelizing improvements to improve our team output.

Who you are
You have 5 years of professional experience building and maintaining production-level systems.  This will be one of our first hires in Portugal and youre excited to help set the foundation of our team there.  

You have production-level experience writing server-side JavaScript  TypeScript in a Node.js environment.
You are no stranger to SQL — you know how to efficiently model data and write performant queries in a relational database like PostgreSQL.
You know the ins and outs of maintaining and scaling an application actively serving customers in production.
You seek out the root cause when debugging software defects, and champion improvements that prevent future issues.
You are passionate about lower-level systems problems, DRY patterns, and high-performance code.

You are a great communicator and collaborator.

You take care to write code that your colleagues will also own, comprehend, and maintain.
You are clear and concise in explaining your thought process and in enumerating the tradeoffs made in your work.
You work well with product managers to come up with optimal solutions. 
You have strong communication skills, both verbal and written, in English.  
Its required that youre located in Portugal and comfortable commuting to Lisbon twice per month.  

You enjoy taking an engaged role in the development process.

You love mentoring and guiding other software engineers who are newer to the industry.
You have experience spearheading planning and delivering the development roadmap for software projects.

You like variety and take pleasure in addressing problems for internal and external customers

You enjoy working with a diverse set of stakeholders, tools, and partner APIs to build foundational features
You can identify and mitigate the risks inherent in foundational development work.
You grasp operational difficulties and devise and create maintainable, scalable solutions to them.

 
Benefits and perks may vary by country 
 
LI-remoteAbout Lattice
Lattice is on a mission to build cultures where employees and their companies thrive . In an age where employees have more choices than ever before, businesses that put employees first are winning  and Lattice is building the tools to empower those people-centric companies. Lattice is a people success platform that offers performance reviews, employee engagement surveys, real-time feedback, weekly check-ins, goal setting, and career planning in a way that allows companies to focus on employee development, growth, and engagement  yielding stronger employee retention, performance, and impact to the bottom line . Since launching in 2016, we have grown to over 4,600 customers globally, including brands like Slack, Pinterest, Reddit, and Asana. 
What else does Lattice have to offer? Were so glad you asked! We invest in our peoples personal and professional growth because that sort of growth begets business impact and personal fulfillment . We believe in the value of continued learning investments and reimbursements. We offer a competitive salary (including equity) and our benefits are thoughtful. We believe that taking the time for you is important and have a flexible vacationtime-off policy to prove it. We even incorporated Lattice Recharge Days to ensure youre getting a break every month. Lattice has also implemented a  remote-first hybrid model (team-dependent, you work from wherever makes you most comfortable). If that gets you excited, now is the perfect time to join; so bring your appetite for ownership and creation and help Lattice continue to grow! 

Lattice is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identityexpression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Lattice is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
By clicking the Submit Application button below, you consent to Lattice processing your personal information for the purpose of assessing your candidacy for this position in accordance with Lattices Job Applicant Privacy Policy.