The SMB Relationship Manager is a crucial role that acts as a bridge between Lattice and our customers. This role focuses on building and maintaining strong relationships with customers and understanding their needs.  Youre motivated by ensuring our customers can make work meaningful for their teams through the successful implementation and ongoing satisfaction with the Lattice Platform. 
Youll work closely with both the sales and technical teams to ensure the smooth communication and execution of projects, as well as the identification of opportunities for upselling and cross-selling to meet and exceed your quota.  This is an exciting opportunity for a closer to help Lattice win market share in a competitive and team-oriented environment!
This role will need to be onsite in either our San Francisco, CA office or our New York, NY office 1-2 days per week.
What You Will Do:

Build relationships with key decision makers and stakeholders across a dedicated customer base
Drive customer decision-making by achieving a shared vision and proactively considering the value propositions that tie all stakeholders together
Drive customer growth by proactively identifying opportunities to deliver greater customer value
Operate with a high level of customer orientation including, but not limited to

Researching customers businesses and preparing thoughtful questions and insights in advance of customer meetings
Asking layered, open-ended questions to understand and clarify customers objectives and challenges beyond surface-level detail
Adapting and shifting communication style and content to fit the needs of different stakeholders
Leading with solutions, not products, when making recommendations aligned to customer objectives
Engaging customers consistently to confirm and clarify value and adapt a strategy when needed to optimize ROI

Sell with integrity while also thinking commercially including, but not limited to

Applying business acumen when crafting  negotiating commercial agreements
Using data and insights to support investment recommendations or overcome customer objections
Proactively mitigating churn risk by adopting a holistic, customer-centric approach
Applying business acumen in account planning by considering economic, industry, and company factors with a customer-centric lens
Mapping all key stakeholders in an account to assess the strength of the account relationship and create account outreach strategy

Maintain joint accountability with cross-functional teams for customer success
Consistently practice humility - seeking guidance from colleagues when faced with novel challenges or untested scenarios
Maintain discipline in territory and account planning, forecasting, quota attainment, and using the CRM and other sales tools

What You Will Bring to the Table

1-3 years of applicable, relevant sales experience
Excellent communication, negotiation, and forecasting skills
Experience working in a B2B SaaS environment is required, experience working with the HR Technology space is preferred
Excellent negotiation and accurate forecasting skills required
Experience carrying a revenue target or quota with the ability to develop compelling strategies that deliver results is required
Demonstrated ability to find and manage high-level business in an evangelistic sales environment, including

Ability to gather and use data to inform decision-making and persuade others
Ability to assess business opportunities and read prospective buyers
Ability to orchestrate the closure of business with an accurate understanding of prospect needs
Ability to include multiple partners and members of the company management team using competitive selling to position company products against direct and indirect competitors


Proficiency with tools including Salesforce, Gainsight, Drift, Google Suite, and Slack

 
The estimated annual cash salary for this role is 66,250 - 78,000. This position is also eligible for incentive stock options, subject to the terms of Lattices applicable plans.
This position is also eligible for variable compensation of 44,250 - 52,000 subject to personal performance, company performance, and the terms of Lattices applicable plans.
Benefits: The Company offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Medical insurance; Dental insurance; Vision insurance; Life, ADD, and Disability Insurance; Emergency Weather Support; Wellness Apps; Paid Parental Leave, Paid Time off inclusive of holidays and sick time; Commuter  Parking Accounts; Lunches in the Office; Workplace Amenities Stipend, Internet and Phone Stipend; One time WFH Office Set-Up Stipend; 401(k) retirement plan; Financial Planning; Learning  Development Budget; Sabbatical Program; and Invest in Your People Fund
Note on Pay Transparency:
Lattice provides an estimate of the compensation for roles that may be hired as required by state regulations. Compensation may vary based on (a) location, as Lattice factors in specific location when benchmarking compensation for most roles; (b) individual candidate skills and qualifications; and (c) individual candidate experience.
Additionally, Lattice leverages current market data to determine compensation, so posted compensation figures are subject to change as new market data becomes available. The salary, other compensation, and benefits information is accurate as of the date of this posting. Lattice reserves the right to modify this information at any time, subject to applicable law.About Lattice
Lattice is on a mission to build cultures where employees and their companies thrive . In an age where employees have more choices than ever before, businesses that put employees first are winning  and Lattice is building the tools to empower those people-centric companies. Lattice is a people success platform that offers performance reviews, employee engagement surveys, real-time feedback, weekly check-ins, goal setting, and career planning in a way that allows companies to focus on employee development, growth, and engagement  yielding stronger employee retention, performance, and impact to the bottom line . Since launching in 2016, we have grown to over 4,600 customers globally, including brands like Slack, Pinterest, Reddit, and Asana. 
What else does Lattice have to offer? Were so glad you asked! We invest in our peoples personal and professional growth because that sort of growth begets business impact and personal fulfillment . We believe in the value of continued learning investments and reimbursements. We offer a competitive salary (including equity) and our benefits are thoughtful. We believe that taking the time for you is important and have a flexible vacationtime-off policy to prove it. We even incorporated Lattice Recharge Days to ensure youre getting a break every month. Lattice has also implemented a  remote-first hybrid model (team-dependent, you work from wherever makes you most comfortable). If that gets you excited, now is the perfect time to join; so bring your appetite for ownership and creation and help Lattice continue to grow! 

Lattice is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identityexpression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Lattice is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
By clicking the Submit Application button below, you consent to Lattice processing your personal information for the purpose of assessing your candidacy for this position in accordance with Lattices Job Applicant Privacy Policy.