This is Sales at Lattice
We are growing our team of driven, smart, and energetic account executives. This is an opportunity to accelerate growth on a winning team that is making a tangible difference in how people work across the globe. 
To us, sales isnt pitching a vision, closing a decision maker, then handing them a product; its providing an amazing experience centered around a partnership with our customers. The Account Executive is a trusted consultant for each person they connect with and will be an expert on the existing Lattice platform as well as future trends in performance management, employee engagement, and the People OpsHR world. 
This is an exciting and rare opportunity to have a direct impact on the direction of the company as well as the future and process of the Sales team. We have a fast-paced, motivated, and well-balanced culture, and are looking for experienced sellers who can help Lattice advance to the next level.  As a rapidly growing company, opportunities for internal growth and career development are plentiful, and personal development and growth is encouraged and nurtured. 
This role will need to be onsite in either our San Francisco, CA office or our New York, NY office 1-2 days per week.
What You Will Do

Source and close new business to consistently meet or exceed monthly sales quotas
Outbound prospect to cold accounts for 30 of your monthly target
Lead discovery calls to understand the business challenges and goals of potential customers
Demonstrate an intimate understanding of Lattice products and their place in the industry to help potential customers evaluate our offerings
Bring on 6-12 new customers per month
Embrace the fast pace constant change of a start-up experiencing world-class growth

What You Will Bring to the Table

Experience hunting net-new business and exceeding sales quota
2 years of previous SaaS full cycle closing experience
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Commitment to Lattices mission and values (Ship Shipmate Self, Clear Eyes, Chop Wood Carry Water, and Whats Next?)

The estimated annual cash salary for this role is 55,400 - 85,000. This position is also eligible for incentive stock options, subject to the terms of Lattices applicable plans.
This position is also eligible for variable compensation of 84,000 subject to personal performance, company performance, and the terms of Lattices applicable plans.
Benefits: The Company offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Medical insurance; Dental insurance; Vision insurance; Life, ADD, and Disability Insurance; Emergency Weather Support; Wellness Apps; Paid Parental Leave, Paid Time off inclusive of holidays and sick time; Commuter  Parking Accounts; Lunches in the Office; Workplace Amenities Stipend, Internet and Phone Stipend; One time WFH Office Set-Up Stipend; 401(k) retirement plan; Financial Planning; Learning  Development Budget; Sabbatical Program; and Invest in Your People Fund
Note on Pay Transparency:
Lattice provides an estimate of the compensation for roles that may be hired as required by state regulations. Compensation may vary based on (a) location, as Lattice factors in specific location when benchmarking compensation for most roles; (b) individual candidate skills and qualifications; and (c) individual candidate experience.
Additionally, Lattice leverages current market data to determine compensation, so posted compensation figures are subject to change as new market data becomes available. The salary, other compensation, and benefits information is accurate as of the date of this posting. Lattice reserves the right to modify this information at any time, subject to applicable law.
 
LIREMOTEAbout Lattice
Lattice is on a mission to build cultures where employees and their companies thrive . In an age where employees have more choices than ever before, businesses that put employees first are winning  and Lattice is building the tools to empower those people-centric companies. Lattice is a people success platform that offers performance reviews, employee engagement surveys, real-time feedback, weekly check-ins, goal setting, and career planning in a way that allows companies to focus on employee development, growth, and engagement  yielding stronger employee retention, performance, and impact to the bottom line . Since launching in 2016, we have grown to over 4,600 customers globally, including brands like Slack, Pinterest, Reddit, and Asana. 
What else does Lattice have to offer? Were so glad you asked! We invest in our peoples personal and professional growth because that sort of growth begets business impact and personal fulfillment . We believe in the value of continued learning investments and reimbursements. We offer a competitive salary (including equity) and our benefits are thoughtful. We believe that taking the time for you is important and have a flexible vacationtime-off policy to prove it. We even incorporated Lattice Recharge Days to ensure youre getting a break every month. Lattice has also implemented a  remote-first hybrid model (team-dependent, you work from wherever makes you most comfortable). If that gets you excited, now is the perfect time to join; so bring your appetite for ownership and creation and help Lattice continue to grow! 

Lattice is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identityexpression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Lattice is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
By clicking the Submit Application button below, you consent to Lattice processing your personal information for the purpose of assessing your candidacy for this position in accordance with Lattices Job Applicant Privacy Policy.