About the opportunity
At Lattice, our Engagement product enables customers to hear from their employees and take action to build great internal cultures. With our Engagement tools, companies can run all types of surveys - employee engagement, onboarding and exit, and automated pulse surveys for real-time feedback. Were looking for a strong Sr. Product Designer to lead and help us craft the future of this critical product area.
What were looking for
As a note, even if you dont feel your experience covers everything listed below, we still encourage you to apply! The goal of this job posting is to establish the shape of the role, and were open to adjusting the leveling if we find someone whos a great fit for that shape.

Experience designing web forms that are a joy to use and go beyond the standard input formats. Bonus if youve also designed tools to create forms.
A strong understanding of visual design principles (as evident in your work), in particular with regard to spacing, typography, hierarchy and usage of color to communicate states and numeric values.
A track record of designing complex user experience flows, in particular flows that move across or have impact on multiple products in a suite.
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills with a talent for succinctly articulating customer challenges.
Proven success working with an established design system - knowing when to reuse existing components, and when to evolve or even ignore them to meet your customers needs.
Experience working closely with User Research, as well as a track record of talking to customers and incorporating feedback from those sessions into your work.
A strategic partner for Product - you think at a high-level about your product area and collaborate closely with your PM and Engineering partners to define the future of the products you work on.
You work closely with your engineering team throughout the design and development process, bringing your team along and then ensuring every detail of the design is implemented in a high-quality way.
A love for design feedback - both receiving and giving. You are someone who consistently shares your work with other designers and your cross-functional team, and who regularly engages with other designers work.

Bonus points if

You have experience designing data visualizations.
You write front-end HTML and CSS, or understand it well enough to have meaningful conversations about how to implement your design work in production.

Why join our Design  Research Team?
Were a passionate group of people who are dedicated to growing together. Currently 25, our team spans Brand Design, Content Design, Product Design, and Research.You can learn more about us on our Notion page! It covers who we are as individuals, some of our recent work, how we commit to DEI, and most importantly — the rituals and rhythms weve invested in as a team to grow as craftspeople and just people. You can also learn more about how we work on our team website.  
Why Lattice?

We invest in the personal and professional growth of every employee because we believe growth leads to both business impact and personal fulfillment
The opportunity to join an experienced and ambitious team that is passionate about solving customers needs and loves coming to work every day
Partner with 1,900 companies around the world to make sure their employees are engaged and performing at a high level
A culture that encourages and promotes professional growth and development, with continuous learning reimbursements
Competitive salary, equity, and benefits
Centrally located FiDi office in San Francisco and New York
Flexible vacationtime-off policy

LI-remote
The estimated annual cash salary for this role is 101,750 - 159,000. This position is also eligible for incentive stock options, subject to the terms of Lattices applicable plans
Benefits: The Company offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Medical insurance; Dental insurance; Vision insurance; Life, ADD, and Disability Insurance; Emergency Weather Support; Wellness Apps; Paid Parental Leave, Paid Time off inclusive of holidays and sick time; Commuter  Parking Accounts; Lunches in the Office; Workplace Amenities Stipend, Internet and Phone Stipend; One time WFH Office Set-Up Stipend; 401(k) retirement plan; Financial Planning; Learning  Development Budget; Sabbatical Program; and Invest in Your People Fund
Note on Pay Transparency:
Lattice provides an estimate of the compensation for roles that may be hired as required by state regulations. Compensation may vary based on (a) location, as Lattice factors in specific location when benchmarking compensation for most roles; (b) individual candidate skills and qualifications; and (c) individual candidate experience.
Additionally, Lattice leverages current market data to determine compensation, so posted compensation figures are subject to change as new market data becomes available. The salary, other compensation, and benefits information is accurate as of the date of this posting. Lattice reserves the right to modify this information at any time, subject to applicable law.About Lattice
Lattice is on a mission to build cultures where employees and their companies thrive . In an age where employees have more choices than ever before, businesses that put employees first are winning  and Lattice is building the tools to empower those people-centric companies. Lattice is a people success platform that offers performance reviews, employee engagement surveys, real-time feedback, weekly check-ins, goal setting, and career planning in a way that allows companies to focus on employee development, growth, and engagement  yielding stronger employee retention, performance, and impact to the bottom line . Since launching in 2016, we have grown to over 4,600 customers globally, including brands like Slack, Pinterest, Reddit, and Asana. 
What else does Lattice have to offer? Were so glad you asked! We invest in our peoples personal and professional growth because that sort of growth begets business impact and personal fulfillment . We believe in the value of continued learning investments and reimbursements. We offer a competitive salary (including equity) and our benefits are thoughtful. We believe that taking the time for you is important and have a flexible vacationtime-off policy to prove it. We even incorporated Lattice Recharge Days to ensure youre getting a break every month. Lattice has also implemented a  remote-first hybrid model (team-dependent, you work from wherever makes you most comfortable). If that gets you excited, now is the perfect time to join; so bring your appetite for ownership and creation and help Lattice continue to grow! 

Lattice is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identityexpression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Lattice is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
By clicking the Submit Application button below, you consent to Lattice processing your personal information for the purpose of assessing your candidacy for this position in accordance with Lattices Job Applicant Privacy Policy.