This is Engineering at Lattice
Lattices Engineering team is continuously working to better both our product and our craft. We use a modern, cutting-edge tech stack and love experimenting with new technologies. We strive for maintainable, robust, and performant code. Were highly collaborative and continuously iterative and work closely with designers and product managers. We prioritize not only great technical architecture but also an amazing product experience.
Lattice is looking for someone to help our product developers build applications that our customers can use with confidence, knowing that at Lattice we work with strong security principles in mind. This role will be a leader on our security engineering team, with the opportunity to work across a breadth of areas including, corp-sec, legal, application security, infrastructure security, and software supply chain. In this role you will be acting as a consultant and partner for product developers. As such, it requires a balance of technical know-how and strong collaboration skills. As a leader on the team, you will also be involved in deciding how work is done and what tools and processes are appropriate, as well as guiding and mentoring other team members.
What You Will Do

Mentor and advise product development teams in the area of application security
Articulate risks to technical and non-technical audiences alike
Assist teams in reproducing, triaging, and addressing application security vulnerabilities
Assist in implementation of security processes and automated tooling that prevent classes of security issues
Evaluate tools, from SASTDAST to cloud security analysis tooling, among others
Design and implement Typescript code libraries and patterns to improve application security
Perform security-focused code reviews
Develop best practices and insights with the security team to liaise with the rest of the organization

What You Will Bring to the Table
Experience its important for you to have at some level:

Software development experience, ideally with JavascriptTypescript, or another programming language such as Python or Ruby
Familiarity with secure coding practices
Clear communicator with the ability to manage your timelines, identify risks and communicate effectively with team members and management
Familiarity with security tools and libraries such as staticdynamic analysis tools and penetration testing tools
Familiarity with and ability to explain common security flaws and ways to address them (e.g. OWASP Top 10)
Strong understanding and experience with common security libraries, security controls, and common security flaws

Experience that would be helpful:

Familiarity with containerization (Docker, containerd, etc) and Kubernetes
Experience developing and operating cloud systems in AWS
Experience with GraphQL

LI-remote
The estimated annual cash salary for this role is 121,500 - 190,000. This position is also eligible for incentive stock options, subject to the terms of Lattices applicable plans
Benefits: The Company offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Medical insurance; Dental insurance; Vision insurance; Life, ADD, and Disability Insurance; Emergency Weather Support; Wellness Apps; Paid Parental Leave, Paid Time off inclusive of holidays and sick time; Commuter  Parking Accounts; Lunches in the Office; Workplace Amenities Stipend, Internet and Phone Stipend; One time WFH Office Set-Up Stipend; 401(k) retirement plan; Financial Planning; Learning  Development Budget; Sabbatical Program; and Invest in Your People Fund
Note on Pay Transparency:
Lattice provides an estimate of the compensation for roles that may be hired as required by state regulations. Compensation may vary based on (a) location, as Lattice factors in specific location when benchmarking compensation for most roles; (b) individual candidate skills and qualifications; and (c) individual candidate experience.
Additionally, Lattice leverages current market data to determine compensation, so posted compensation figures are subject to change as new market data becomes available. The salary, other compensation, and benefits information is accurate as of the date of this posting. Lattice reserves the right to modify this information at any time, subject to applicable law.About Lattice
Lattice is on a mission to build cultures where employees and their companies thrive . In an age where employees have more choices than ever before, businesses that put employees first are winning  and Lattice is building the tools to empower those people-centric companies. Lattice is a people success platform that offers performance reviews, employee engagement surveys, real-time feedback, weekly check-ins, goal setting, and career planning in a way that allows companies to focus on employee development, growth, and engagement  yielding stronger employee retention, performance, and impact to the bottom line . Since launching in 2016, we have grown to over 4,600 customers globally, including brands like Slack, Pinterest, Reddit, and Asana. 
What else does Lattice have to offer? Were so glad you asked! We invest in our peoples personal and professional growth because that sort of growth begets business impact and personal fulfillment . We believe in the value of continued learning investments and reimbursements. We offer a competitive salary (including equity) and our benefits are thoughtful. We believe that taking the time for you is important and have a flexible vacationtime-off policy to prove it. We even incorporated Lattice Recharge Days to ensure youre getting a break every month. Lattice has also implemented a  remote-first hybrid model (team-dependent, you work from wherever makes you most comfortable). If that gets you excited, now is the perfect time to join; so bring your appetite for ownership and creation and help Lattice continue to grow! 

Lattice is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identityexpression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Lattice is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
By clicking the Submit Application button below, you consent to Lattice processing your personal information for the purpose of assessing your candidacy for this position in accordance with Lattices Job Applicant Privacy Policy.