This is IT at Lattice
Lattices IT Manager is responsible for managing and scaling the day-to-day operations of the internal IT team. As a leader of a growing team, youll work with other departments to define and improve processes and mentor existing team members and hire new ones. Additionally, youll work on IT-related projects and help team members with backend administration. This role will be based in our San Francisco office, and the person in this role will be expected to be in the office at least 1 day per week.
What You Will Do

You will be responsible for day-to-day IT operations (including cloud backend: JamF, Okta, Zoom, etc.)
You will define IT strategy and processes
You will drive large IT projects like office build-outs and system migrations
You will establish KPIs and report on them
You will work with Finance and Legal on new and existing vendor relationships
You will act as a senior support level for user requests
You will automate repetitive tasks
You will implement ITIL best practices (primarily incident, problem, and change management) and IT processes in cooperation with other teams

What You Will Bring to the Table

You have 5-7 years of experience in a similar position, 1-2 years leadership experience
You have management and mentoring experience
You have JamFScripting (Bash or python) experience
You have Okta and SAML: application integration and troubleshooting experience
You are familiar with IT Support for growing geographically dispersed team
You have knowledge of common security practices to protect Mac endpoints and cloud systems
You have strong experience with automating onboarding and offboarding processes
You strive for perfection while executing quickly on projects and initiates
You have excellent project management and organizational skills
You are a critical thinker who challenges the status quo
You are hands-on and willing to get into the trenches of IT Support

 
The estimated annual cash salary for this role is 132,000 - 198,000. This position is also eligible for incentive stock options, subject to the terms of Lattices applicable plans.
Benefits: The Company offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Medical insurance; Dental insurance; Vision insurance; Life, ADD, and Disability Insurance; Emergency Weather Support; Wellness Apps; Paid Parental Leave, Paid Time off inclusive of holidays and sick time; Commuter  Parking Accounts; Lunches in the Office; Workplace Amenities Stipend, Internet and Phone Stipend; One time WFH Office Set-Up Stipend; 401(k) retirement plan; Financial Planning; Learning  Development Budget; Sabbatical Program; and Invest in Your People Fund
Note on Pay Transparency:
Lattice provides an estimate of the compensation for roles that may be hired as required by state regulations. Compensation may vary based on (a) location, as Lattice factors in specific location when benchmarking compensation for most roles; (b) individual candidate skills and qualifications; and (c) individual candidate experience.
Additionally, Lattice leverages current market data to determine compensation, so posted compensation figures are subject to change as new market data becomes available. The salary, other compensation, and benefits information is accurate as of the date of this posting. Lattice reserves the right to modify this information at any time, subject to applicable law.About Lattice
Lattice is on a mission to build cultures where employees and their companies thrive . In an age where employees have more choices than ever before, businesses that put employees first are winning  and Lattice is building the tools to empower those people-centric companies. Lattice is a people success platform that offers performance reviews, employee engagement surveys, real-time feedback, weekly check-ins, goal setting, and career planning in a way that allows companies to focus on employee development, growth, and engagement  yielding stronger employee retention, performance, and impact to the bottom line . Since launching in 2016, we have grown to over 4,600 customers globally, including brands like Slack, Pinterest, Reddit, and Asana. 
What else does Lattice have to offer? Were so glad you asked! We invest in our peoples personal and professional growth because that sort of growth begets business impact and personal fulfillment . We believe in the value of continued learning investments and reimbursements. We offer a competitive salary (including equity) and our benefits are thoughtful. We believe that taking the time for you is important and have a flexible vacationtime-off policy to prove it. We even incorporated Lattice Recharge Days to ensure youre getting a break every month. Lattice has also implemented a  remote-first hybrid model (team-dependent, you work from wherever makes you most comfortable). If that gets you excited, now is the perfect time to join; so bring your appetite for ownership and creation and help Lattice continue to grow! 

Lattice is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identityexpression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Lattice is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
By clicking the Submit Application button below, you consent to Lattice processing your personal information for the purpose of assessing your candidacy for this position in accordance with Lattices Job Applicant Privacy Policy.