Who is Litmus?Litmuss email creation, testing, analytics, and personalization platform empowers marketers, designers, and agencies to confidently deliver quality, brand-aligned communications that delight and engage consumers. Over the last 15 years, weve built a reputation as thought leaders and one of the most trusted solutions in the industry, and it shines through our customers  all 250,000 of them, representing the worlds top brands in tech, banking  finance, retail, media, and more.
How do we do this? It all starts with our people and a core belief that the talent we seek should be a culture add rather than a culture fit, with our 5 core values in mind:

Take it to Heart
Practice Considerate Communication
Act Humbly and Confidently
Collaborate with Bias to Action
Be Beyond Litmus
What would I do at Litmus?
Were looking to bring on a Strategic Account Director to expand our Strategic enterprise customer accounts  connecting marketers around the world to our industry-leading content personalization and automation platform solutions.
On any given day you might:

Work thoughtfully with customers to identify new business opportunities, managing through the sales cycle and closing complex transactions
Collaborate across business functions in order to build momentum and facilitate agreements with customers
Provide market and customer feedback to inform our product and service roadmap
Uncover new and diverse use cases to enable our users to work smarter, not harder
Confidently speak to ever-changing trends, new product features and platform enhancements to help our customers realize their full potential and accomplish their goals

What is Litmus looking for in a candidate?

At least 5 years of closing experience in B2B sales; enterprise SaaS experience preferred
A true hunter who enjoy the challenge of identifying prospective companies and managing an outbound prospecting process from first contact-through-closing deals
Experience building relationships, presenting and selling across multiple industries and stakeholders from CMO to CRM manager to email designer
Thrives in dynamic environments; youre able to shift gears quickly without sacrificing top-notch client service
No egos, please; you understand that successful selling is a team sport and you dont shy away from continual improvement through feedback and self-reflection
Why should I choose Litmus?

We offer everything youd expect from a profitable company thats been going strong for 10 years, including a great salary and stock options, comprehensive health care benefits, and a generous retirement plan match 
Youll receive 28 days of paid vacation—on top of team retreats and public holidays
A platform for good: Affinity Groups, a culture of Diversity, Equity  Inclusion, and volunteer days—creating belonging for all is in our DNA both inside and outside of work
Remote-first culture. No matter where you are, youll feel connected to the team
We take family seriously and offer flexible schedules and generous parental leave programs
We give you great tools and tech to do your best work: Hardware, software, and home- and office setups

Not sure if you meet all the requirements? Please apply! We know there is no job description that can measure a persons attitude, aptitude, or amplitude (the ability to turn it up a notch) and highly encourage you to apply. 
Our approach is shaped by a strong respect for each individual. This applies to every aspect of employment  from equitable wages, work-life balance, the freedom to be your whole self, to equal opportunities for growth and development at Litmus. We believe wholeheartedly the more inclusive we are, the better our work will be.