Who is Litmus?Litmuss email creation, testing, analytics, and personalization platform empowers marketers, designers, and agencies to confidently deliver quality, brand-aligned communications that delight and engage consumers. Over the last 15 years, weve built a reputation as thought leaders and one of the most trusted solutions in the industry, and it shines through our customers  all 250,000 of them, representing the worlds top brands in tech, banking  finance, retail, media, and more.
How do we do this? It all starts with our people and a core belief that the talent we seek should be a culture add rather than a culture fit, with our 5 core values in mind:

Take it to Heart
Practice Considerate Communication
Act Humbly and Confidently
Collaborate with Bias to Action
Be Beyond Litmus
What would I do at Litmus?In this role, you will own all aspects of our demand generation strategy and execution of programs for our direct sales organization. Youll also be responsible for our marketing-generated pipeline targets for both mid-market and enterprise businesses, and oversee a team of managers. You should have expertise in crafting and executing demand gen programs while collaborating closely with growth, product marketing, content, paid media, sales, a team of BDRs, and external vendors.
In this role you will:

Oversee strategy, planning and execution of end-to-end demand gen programs and campaigns through content, webinars, emails, nurture, paid media, partners, etc.
Develop strategic multi-channel campaigns to drive pipeline and revenue, understanding whats working and optimizing for success
Own account based marketing strategy and execution
Handle logistics, coordination, and execution with internal and external stakeholders
Own campaign strategy and implementation with support from design, content and product marketing teams
Partner with BDR team to ensure coordinated follow-up and optimization for highest conversion rates
Own regular reporting and analysis on Demand Gen campaign performance

This is an incredible opportunity to own our demand gen strategy and results and use data-focused insights and a strong tech stack to build programs that work to deliver pipeline to our reps!What is Litmus looking for in a candidate?Simply put, were looking for someone driven by numbers, passionate about great marketing and eager to build strong relationships across the organization -- in addition to having:

At least 2 years leading and owning Demand Gen for a B2B andor SaaS organization
Strong communication skills
Tactical experience with lead forecasting, reporting and analysis
Well-versed in paid media, content syndication, and PPL programs
Experience working directly with BDR teams to coordinate efforts and drive quality results
Knowledgeable with SFDC, Marketo, Mutiny, and Marketo Engage (Bizible); 6Sense highly preferred

Not sure if you meet all the requirements? Please apply! We know no job description can measure a persons attitude, aptitude, or amplitude (the ability to turn it up a notch) and highly encourage you to apply. 
Our approach is shaped by a strong respect for each individual. This applies to every aspect of employment  from equitable wages, work-life balance, the freedom to be your whole self, to equal opportunities for growth and development at Litmus. We believe wholeheartedly the more inclusive we are, the better our work will be.Why should I choose Litmus?

We offer everything youd expect from a profitable company thats been going strong for 10 years, including a great salary and stock options, comprehensive health care benefits, and a generous retirement plan match 
Youll receive 28 days of paid vacation—on top of team retreats and public holidays
A platform for good: Affinity Groups, a culture of Diversity, Equity  Inclusion, and volunteer days—creating belonging for all is in our DNA both inside and outside of work
Remote-first culture. No matter where you are, youll feel connected to the team
We take family seriously and offer flexible schedules and generous parental leave programs
We give you great tools and tech to do your best work: Hardware, software, and home- and office setups

Not sure if you meet all the requirements? Please apply! We know there is no job description that can measure a persons attitude, aptitude, or amplitude (the ability to turn it up a notch) and highly encourage you to apply. 
Our approach is shaped by a strong respect for each individual. This applies to every aspect of employment  from equitable wages, work-life balance, the freedom to be your whole self, to equal opportunities for growth and development at Litmus. We believe wholeheartedly the more inclusive we are, the better our work will be.