Who is Litmus?Litmuss email creation, testing, analytics, and personalization platform empowers marketers, designers, and agencies to confidently deliver quality, brand-aligned communications that delight and engage consumers. Over the last 15 years, weve built a reputation as thought leaders and one of the most trusted solutions in the industry, and it shines through our customers  all 250,000 of them, representing the worlds top brands in tech, banking  finance, retail, media, and more.
How do we do this? It all starts with our people and a core belief that the talent we seek should be a culture add rather than a culture fit, with our 5 core values in mind:

Take it to Heart
Practice Considerate Communication
Act Humbly and Confidently
Collaborate with Bias to Action
Be Beyond Litmus
What would I do at Litmus? 

Be the engine to our train, initiating the sales process through emails, phone calls, and social media
Meet with both inbound and outbound prospects, leveraging your people-skills. Once qualified, schedule meetings for the Sales team
You will have the opportunity to conduct initial qualification calls with prospects
Aspire for more: As our future Account Executive, Account Manager, or Marketing expert, youll learn and master the fundamentals that will prepare you to grow our business—always prioritizing our customers needs
Create a bi-monthly business plan that supports your individual goals
Collaborate with our innovative teams to continuously improve upon our practices

What is Litmus looking for in a candidate?

6 months plus experience as a BDR or Sales Development Representative (SDR)  the desire for career growth
Ability to commute into our Cambridge, MA office up twice per week
Experience in meeting or exceeding sales quotas or other metrics
Hands-on experience with sales prospecting techniques such as cold-calling, emailing, and social outreach 
Prior success working from both home and an office setting
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Familiarity or exposure to selling methodology like Sandler, MEDDIC, etc.  
CRM experience preferred but not required (e.g., Salesforce, Hubspot) 
Startup experience is helpful but not required

What are the BDR Seven (7) Components to Success?

High activity  timing: Efficiently manage a high volume of both outbound and inbound emails, phone calls, and lead sourcing
Creativity  personalization: Thoughtfully and creatively research potential customers to personalize your customer outreach  
Product knowledge: Become a trusted advisor by constantly improving your working knowledge of the Litmus solution
Qualification: Learn how to effectively qualify leads, prioritizing your time and effort on high-potential close opportunities  
Process-oriented: Follow an integrated process in our systems including Salesforce, LinkedIn Navigator, sourcing tools, sales cadence software, and more 
Organization: A disciplined approach to daily activity planning, setting goals, and achieving success
Attitude: As our BDR, you have energy, passion, humor, enthusiasm, and the ability to be resilient in the face of challenges 
Why should I choose Litmus?

We offer everything youd expect from a profitable company thats been going strong for 10 years, including a great salary and stock options, comprehensive health care benefits, and a generous retirement plan match 
Youll receive 28 days of paid vacation—on top of team retreats and public holidays
A platform for good: Affinity Groups, a culture of Diversity, Equity  Inclusion, and volunteer days—creating belonging for all is in our DNA both inside and outside of work
Remote-first culture. No matter where you are, youll feel connected to the team
We take family seriously and offer flexible schedules and generous parental leave programs
We give you great tools and tech to do your best work: Hardware, software, and home- and office setups

Not sure if you meet all the requirements? Please apply! We know there is no job description that can measure a persons attitude, aptitude, or amplitude (the ability to turn it up a notch) and highly encourage you to apply. 
Our approach is shaped by a strong respect for each individual. This applies to every aspect of employment  from equitable wages, work-life balance, the freedom to be your whole self, to equal opportunities for growth and development at Litmus. We believe wholeheartedly the more inclusive we are, the better our work will be.