Who is Litmus?Litmuss email creation, testing, analytics, and personalization platform empowers marketers, designers, and agencies to confidently deliver quality, brand-aligned communications that delight and engage consumers. Over the last 15 years, weve built a reputation as thought leaders and one of the most trusted solutions in the industry, and it shines through our customers  all 250,000 of them, representing the worlds top brands in tech, banking  finance, retail, media, and more.
How do we do this? It all starts with our people and a core belief that the talent we seek should be a culture add rather than a culture fit, with our 5 core values in mind:

Take it to Heart
Practice Considerate Communication
Act Humbly and Confidently
Collaborate with Bias to Action
Be Beyond Litmus
Who is Litmus?
Were a tight-knit team that helps the world empower our customers to curate best-of-class email communication. Over the last 10 years, weve built a reputation as one of the most trusted brands and thought-leaders in the industry—and it shines through our customers. But dont take our word for it, check us out here. 
Quality communication is imperative; we value this in both our personal and work lives. Litmuss email creation, testing, and analytics platform empowers marketers, designers, and agencies to confidently deliver quality, brand-aligned communications that delight our customers. 
We work alongside some of the smartest people in our industry. Were the change-agent for the most creative and supportive customers around. Litmus is championed by major global brands, including 9 of the Top 10 technology companies,  9 of the Top 10 U.S. banks,10 of the Top 10 retailers, 9 of the Top 10 e-commerce brands, and 80 of the Fortune 100: How do we do this? We seek talent that is not a culture fit, rather a culture add. 
Why should I choose Litmus?

We offer everything youd expect from a profitable company thats been going strong for 10 years, including a great salary and stock options, comprehensive health care benefits, and a generous retirement plan match  
Youll receive 28 days of paid vacation—on top of team retreats and public holidays
 Were looking for team members that could flex work from home andor our beautifully designed and well-equipped Cambridge, MA headquarters. 
Litmus thrives with you: we offer ongoing training and development from top Sales trainers to give you the confidence and the ability to grow in the sales role 
We take family seriously, we offer flexible schedules and generous parental leave programs
We give you the best tools and tech money can buy. Top-of-the-line hardware, software, home- and office setups—whatever you need to do your best work

We know there is no job description that can measure a persons attitude, aptitude, or amplitude (the ability to turn it up a notch) and highly encourage you to apply. 
Its the company you keep. The people at Litmus are truly amazing—celebrating what makes each individual unique. With outstanding profitable growth and the trust of more than 700,000 marketers, you know youre part of a winning team.
At Litmus, we are proud to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment, prohibiting discrimination and harassment of any type including race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression. Why should I choose Litmus?

We offer everything youd expect from a profitable company thats been going strong for 10 years, including a great salary and stock options, comprehensive health care benefits, and a generous retirement plan match 
Youll receive 28 days of paid vacation—on top of team retreats and public holidays
A platform for good: Affinity Groups, a culture of Diversity, Equity  Inclusion, and volunteer days—creating belonging for all is in our DNA both inside and outside of work
Remote-first culture. No matter where you are, youll feel connected to the team
We take family seriously and offer flexible schedules and generous parental leave programs
We give you great tools and tech to do your best work: Hardware, software, and home- and office setups

Not sure if you meet all the requirements? Please apply! We know there is no job description that can measure a persons attitude, aptitude, or amplitude (the ability to turn it up a notch) and highly encourage you to apply. 
Our approach is shaped by a strong respect for each individual. This applies to every aspect of employment  from equitable wages, work-life balance, the freedom to be your whole self, to equal opportunities for growth and development at Litmus. We believe wholeheartedly the more inclusive we are, the better our work will be.