Who we are 
Lotto.com Inc. is a digital start-up that is revolutionizing the way people play the lottery. We provide a best-in-class digital lottery retail platform that offers participants a secure and easy online experience. 
Here at Lotto.com, we are on a mission to create an easy and convenient way to play the lottery with an emphasis on contributing to state-sponsored causes. Depending on the state, up to 50 of every ticket sold goes to support state projects including academic scholarships and educational programs, social services, pensions for union employees, elder assistance programs, and much more.This Position is a Hybrid role, with 3 days in office required.
Whats the role?
The Assurance Associate will play an integral role in ensuring that Lotto.com and everything encompassing our operations, policies, procedures, and development comply strategically with the regulatory and legal requirements in place to ensure we always have our bases covered.
What youll do:

Execute audit assignments, draft audit reports for review by compliance management, and facilitate remediation of issues found during internalexternal audits
Follow up with business stakeholders on the status of outstanding internalexternal audit issues and effectively communicate the results of all audits
Maintain programs, policies, and practices to ensure compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act, HIPPA, EEOC, lottery courier, and other applicable federal and state regulatory acts and agencies
Manage third-party service provider documentation to maintain the highest standards for all compliance-related activities, including; insurance brokers, tax consultants, audit firms, and more
Perform due diligence on third-party vendors, as well as process external due diligence requests
Assist with licensing requirements for new and existing entities 
Manage the internal training program via the learning management software ensuring all regulatory training requirements are met in all operating jurisdictions

What you need:

Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience
Excellent command of the English language
1-2 years of audit experience
Proven experience in evaluating internal controls or compliance programs
Proven ability to excel in a multi-tasking environment

Whats nice to have:

Innovative mindset and ability to develop new processes to add value to the Audit team and the business.
Familiarity with G-Suite tools and E-commerce platforms
1 yr. experience working in startups and high-paced environments
Affinity for technology and a can-do attitude 

What youll get:

Competitive Salary
Performance-based bonuses
Future equity in the company
Awesome working environment
Paid Time-Off
Health, Vision, and Dental Benefits
Team events
Lotto.com does not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression, age, height, weight, physical or mental ability, veteran status, military obligations, and marital status. If you feel that you are qualified for this position, we encourage you to submit an application.