Who we are 
Lotto.com Inc. is a digital start-up that is revolutionizing the way people play the lottery. We provide a best-in-class digital lottery retail platform that offers participants a secure and easy online experience. 
Here at Lotto.com, we are on a mission to create an easy and convenient way to play the lottery with an emphasis on contributing to state-sponsored causes. Depending on the state, up to 50 of every ticket sold goes to support state projects including academic scholarships and educational programs, social services, pensions for union employees, elder assistance programs, and much more.Whats the role?
The Store Operations Manager will be responsible for overseeing the success of both the retail and digital production of the site location . These responsibilities include but are not limited to people management, inventory management, logistic operations,  business development, and ensuring operational excellence at all times. The ideal candidate functions well as a leader in a cross-team environment and is ready for any challenge that comes your way. Experience within technology and retail industry is a plus!
What youll do:

Oversee day-to-day production and retail store operation.
Recruit, manage and retain a team of people to operate the location.
Ensure all fulfillment operations are running with optimal precision
Liaise with state lottery officials and lottery ticket and equipment providers to resolve quality and compliance issues 
Become a company expert on the full Players Caf catalog
Test existing front-end and back-end features periodically and report findings accordingly
Prepare for the launch of new products within the state by building our operating procedures
Develop and construct new and existing Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) as needed
Conduct audits on lottery inventory and accounting 
Identify and attend local events to increase brand awareness and community support
Collaborate with HR and management in recruitment activities for the team
Provide solutions to issues (e.g. profit decline, employee conflicts, loss of business to competitors)
Assign additional projects to the staff and ensure timely completion

What you need:

Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience
Proven experience as a General Manager or similar executive role
Knowledge of business process and functions (New Store Openings, Finance, HR, Procurement, Operations etc.)
Experience in creating, optimizing and implementing processes
Available to work a flexible schedule including evenings and weekends
Ambitious drive, strong individual contributor and team player
Affinity for technology and a can-do attitude
Familiarity with G-Suite tools and E-commerce platforms

Whats nice to have:

Expert level knowledge of lottery products and equipment 
Comprehension of different states gaming laws and commission structures 
Experience in lottery focused marketing campaigns and sales initiatives

What youll get:

Competitive Salary
Performance based bonuses
Future equity in the company
Awesome working environment
Paid Time-Off
Health, Vision, and Dental Benefits
Team events
Lotto.com does not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression, age, height, weight, physical or mental ability, veteran status, military obligations, and marital status. If you feel that you are qualified for this position, we encourage you to submit an application.