Who we are 
Lotto.com Inc. is a digital start-up that is revolutionizing the way people play the lottery. We provide a best-in-class digital lottery retail platform that offers participants a secure and easy online experience. 
Here at Lotto.com, we are on a mission to create an easy and convenient way to play the lottery with an emphasis on contributing to state-sponsored causes. Depending on the state, up to 50 of every ticket sold goes to support state projects including academic scholarships and educational programs, social services, pensions for union employees, elder assistance programs, and much more.About Players Caf:
Powered by Lotto.com, Players Caf is a tech-savvy retail concept focused on de-stigmatizing the lottery experience. We focus on educating consumers about the philanthropic causes provided by lottery funding while serving gourmet coffee, goods, and local celebratory items.
Job Summary:
The Players Cafe Key Holder will assist the store leadership team in educating and engaging employees and customers in the Players Cafe mission. This role reports to the General Manager and works out of the store.
What youll do

Act as a Players Cafe brand liaison: a graceful host who always puts the guest first and ensures an exceptional visitor experience is delivered 100 of the time.
Engage with loyal customers: form new customer relationships for the brand and seek opportunities to surprise and delight our customers.
Educate visitors on our product assortment, brand history and value proposition.
Work in back-of-house to receive inventory shipments and keep stock neat and organized.
Transact POS sales accurately and maintain reporting as necessary.
Operate lotto machines and ensure equipment remains in good working order, reporting any maintenance needs to the Operations Manager and General Manager.
Take part in store setup and assist with on-going visual merchandising of the store and product.
Support the planning and execution of in-store special events.
Daily store operations and maintenance including light cleaning, trash, organizing stock, etc.
Deliver feedback and corrective action to employees in the absence of the store manager.
Perform store opening and closing duties including unlocking the store, setting up the store environment, light cleaning tasks throughout the day, updating closing reports and following closing procedures including securing the store after business hours.
Act as a manager on duty when the Store Manager is not available.
Other duties as directed by the Store Leadership.

About you

Retail or hospitality experience a plus, but not required.
Comfortable and nimble with operating technology and learning multiple systems.
A can-do attitude and the willingness to own every challenge and roll up your sleeves as needed
Self-starter who can work flexibly as part of a team in a fast-paced environment
Available to work a flexible schedule including evenings and weekends
Ability to lift up to 15 lbs.

Benefits and Perks

Be part of a team that wants to exchange ideas, make an impact, and enjoys coming to work every day.
Competitive hourly rates.
Full time employees enjoy comprehensive benefits including medical, dental, vision, and sick pay.
Lotto.com does not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression, age, height, weight, physical or mental ability, veteran status, military obligations, and marital status. If you feel that you are qualified for this position, we encourage you to submit an application.