Who we are 
Lotto.com Inc. is a digital start-up that is revolutionizing the way people play the lottery. We provide a best-in-class digital lottery retail platform that offers participants a secure and easy online experience. 
Here at Lotto.com, we are on a mission to create an easy and convenient way to play the lottery with an emphasis on contributing to state-sponsored causes. Depending on the state, up to 50 of every ticket sold goes to support state projects including academic scholarships and educational programs, social services, pensions for union employees, elder assistance programs, and much more.This Position is a Hybrid role, with 3 days in office required.
Whats the role? 
We are looking for a skilled Director of Accounting to maintain our financial records, including but not limited to maintaining our general ledger and preparing month-end close schedules and reconciliations, while following proper close procedures.
As a startup thats on a fast-growth path, responsibilities may vary as we scale.  The ideal candidate has a background in accounting and familiarity with Netsuite or similar ERP systems.
What youll do 

Reconciling sales to payment processor statements to cash receipts, including multiple payment methods across our Omnichannel platform
Ensure accurate and timely reconciliations are prepared for all balance sheet accounts
Prepare journal entries monthly in Netsuite
Eliminate intercompany balance sheet accounts in Netsuite
Maintain lease accounting schedules
Prepare variance analysis on balance sheet and income statement accounts
Participate in providing appropriate support during internal and external audits to ensure compliance
Assist with developing and documenting business processes and accounting procedures.
Ensure timely filing for salesuse and franchise tax forms
Support long-term accounting projects to maximize efficiency as the company grows.
Assist with the planning, assigning and reviewing of staffs work
Liaise with our Controller to continue to improve and drive efficiencies
Manage a team of Staff Accountants and Accounts Payable Specialists

What you need 

Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Accounting, Finance, or related field.
5 years of general accounting experience within consumer products, retail, auditing, or related industries
Ability to hit the ground running in an accountingbookkeeping role, remaining compliant with US GAAP
Proven ability to calculate, post and manage accounting entries and maintain financial records
Proven ability to analyze finance-related issues and recommend optimal solutions
Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously, while meeting tight deadlines.
Professionalism in both oral and written communication
Strong analytical skills

What is nice to have

Familiarity with G-Suite tools (including Google Sheets) and E-commerce platforms
Experience working with multi-entity ERP systems like Netsuite
Ambitious drive, strong individual contributor and team player
Carries a can-do attitude
Affinity for technology

Compensation

Full time position 
Competitive Salary 
Performance based bonuses
Future equity in the company 
Awesome working environment 
Paid time off
Health benefits 
Team events
Lotto.com does not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression, age, height, weight, physical or mental ability, veteran status, military obligations, and marital status. If you feel that you are qualified for this position, we encourage you to submit an application.