Who we are 
Lotto.com Inc. is a digital start-up that is revolutionizing the way people play the lottery. We provide a best-in-class digital lottery retail platform that offers participants a secure and easy online experience. 
Here at Lotto.com, we are on a mission to create an easy and convenient way to play the lottery with an emphasis on contributing to state-sponsored causes. Depending on the state, up to 50 of every ticket sold goes to support state projects including academic scholarships and educational programs, social services, pensions for union employees, elder assistance programs, and much more.Whats the role?
In this position, you will be responsible for coordinating and conducting daily lottery ticket production, while maintaining communication with other company departments. You will follow our operational procedures and monitor business activities and suggest improvements to optimize. This position comes with a tremendous amount of career growth and development opportunity. If you want to take initiative, like to enhance functionality, and enjoy finding new ways to reach our goals, we should chat!
What youll do:
Production Coordination:

Anticipate, identify, and resolve issues
Partner with IT and development teams to monitor, operate and optimize performance of the proprietary company software and equipment
Ensure production needs are met within designated timeframes
Coordinate production, printing and storage procedures
Proactively tackle new projects as they arise

In Store-Operations Coordination:

Follow end-user communication guidelines and policies
Manage logistics, inventory, and courier activities
Assist with other projects and departments when needed
Train Part-time associates as needed

What you need:

Excellent command of the English language
Ambitious drive, strong individual contributor and team player
Affinity for technology and a can-do attitude
Familiarity with G-Suite tools and E-commerce platforms

What youll get:

Full time position
Competitive salary
Performance based bonuses
Future equity in the company
Awesome working environment
Paid time off
Health benefits
Team events
Lotto.com does not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression, age, height, weight, physical or mental ability, veteran status, military obligations, and marital status. If you feel that you are qualified for this position, we encourage you to submit an application.