Who we are 
Lotto.com Inc. is a digital start-up that is revolutionizing the way people play the lottery. We provide a best-in-class digital lottery retail platform that offers participants a secure and easy online experience. 
Here at Lotto.com, we are on a mission to create an easy and convenient way to play the lottery with an emphasis on contributing to state-sponsored causes. Depending on the state, up to 50 of every ticket sold goes to support state projects including academic scholarships and educational programs, social services, pensions for union employees, elder assistance programs, and much more.Whats the role?
In this position you will be responsible for coordinating and conducting daily lottery ticket production. You will follow our operational procedures to ensure the accurate processing of all online lottery ticket sales. If you want to take initiatives, enhance functionality, and enjoy finding new ways to reach our goals, we should chat!
What youll do

Anticipate, identify, and resolve issues that arise as a result of lottery ticket production (purchases and redemptions)
Communicate with operations staff in HQ to communicate and resolve technological issues
Ensure production needs are met within designated timeframes

What you need

Open availability including nights and weekends
Excellent command of the English language
Ambitious drive, strong individual contributor and team player
Affinity for technology and a can-do attitude
Familiarity with G-Suite tools and E-commerce platforms
Personal Smartphone

What youll get

Full-Time Employment
Competitive hourly wages (20hr)
Awesome working environment
Team events
Exposure to business development, marketing, and retail book-keeping
Lotto.com does not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression, age, height, weight, physical or mental ability, veteran status, military obligations, and marital status. If you feel that you are qualified for this position, we encourage you to submit an application.