Lucid Software is the leader in visual collaboration, helping teams see and build the future from idea to reality. We hold true to our core values: innovation in everything we do, passion  excellence in every area, individual empowerment, initiative and ownership, and teamwork over ego. At Lucid, we value diversity and are dedicated to creating an environment and culture that is respectful and inclusive for everyone. Lucid is a hybrid workplace. We promote a healthy work-life balance by allowing employees to work remotely, from one of our offices, or a combination of the two depending on the needs of the role and team.
Since the companys founding, Lucid Software has received numerous global and regional recognitions for its products, business, and workplace culture. These include being named a Fortune Best Workplace in Technology and a 2022 Glassdoor Best Place to Work, inclusion on the Forbes Cloud 100, and ranking in the top 100 on G2s 2023 Best Global Software Companies. Top businesses use our products all around the world, including customers such as Google, GE, and NBC Universal. Our partners include industry leaders such as Google, Atlassian, and Microsoft. 
 
The Instructional Designer on our Sales Enablement team is responsible for developing and managing effective, engaging, and efficient learning materials and experiences for Lucids Sales organization. This role combines instructional design expertise with technical proficiency in managing and optimizing Lucids Learning Management System (LMS) for the sales organization.
Responsibilities:

Course Development:

Collaborate with Enablement Program Managers to develop and update course content, ensuring alignment with learning objectives, quality standards, and best practices in instructional design.


Content Creation:

Create learning materials, including presentations, multimedia assets, written content, and interactive exercises, to support various instructional formats, such as e-learning modules, webinars, videos and in-person training.
Utilize instructional design principles and adult learning theories to create engaging and effective learning experiences.
Ensure content is learner-centric, interactive, and aligned with objectives.


Learning Management System (LMS):

Assist in the management and maintenance of Lucids LMS, including uploading and organizing course materials for the Sales and CS organizations, tracking learner progress, and troubleshooting technical issues.
Investigate and evaluate the LMS capabilities to ensure the Sales Enablement organization is taking advantage of all potential features and functionality.


Assessment and Evaluation:

Assist in the development and implementation of assessments and evaluation strategies to measure the effectiveness of learning materials and identify areas for improvement.


Collaboration:

Work closely with subject matter experts, Enablement, and other team members to gather content and feedback, ensuring that instructional materials meet the needs of the target audience and content objective.



Requirements:

2 years experience developing sales-specific curriculum (preferably for a technology-basedSaaS company) with a degree OR 4 years experience developing sales-specific curriculum (preferably for a technology-basedSaaS company) without a degree. 
A portfolio or examples of work with a proven understanding of instructional design.
An established track record of effectively managing multiple projects and deadlines and working in a dynamic, fast-paced, team environment.
Strong collaboration skills and an ability to communicate design decisions and receive feedback from stakeholders.
Knowledge of adult learning principles and end to end process to develop and deliver enablement via multiple modalities and deployment methods.
Proficiency in instructional design software, e-learning authoring tools, multimedia editing software, and LMS.
This role requires that you work out of our South Jordan office two days per week on Tuesday and Thursday.

If youd like to confirm job application information found on other hiring websites, please contact us directly at: talentacquisitionlucid.co
LI-MG1