

Lucid Software is the leader in visual collaboration, helping teams see and build the future from idea to reality. We hold true to our core values: innovation in everything we do, passion  excellence in every area, individual empowerment, initiative and ownership, and teamwork over ego. At Lucid, we value diversity and are dedicated to creating an environment and culture that is respectful and inclusive for everyone. Lucid is a hybrid workplace. We promote a healthy work-life balance by allowing employees to work remotely, from one of our offices, or a combination of the two depending on the needs of the role and team.
Since the companys founding, Lucid Software has received numerous global and regional recognitions for its products, business, and workplace culture. These include being named a Fortune Best Workplace in Technology and a 2022 Glassdoor Best Place to Work, inclusion on the Forbes Cloud 100, and ranking in the top 100 on G2s 2023 Best Global Software Companies. Top businesses use our products all around the world, including customers such as Google, GE, and NBC Universal. Our partners include industry leaders such as Google, Atlassian, and Microsoft.  
 
The International Customer Operations Team represents the voice of our global customers, making sure they are provided with timely, quality and relevant support across different time zones and languages. We use both direct interactions as well as scalable solutions to engage with customers and help them understand how to use our products and manage their subscriptions. We work closely with cross-functional partners across Lucid and analyze incoming user data to make our products and processes better. As we grow internationally, we are looking for people with a passion for helping users around the world get the most out of Lucid products. If this sounds like you, join us!
 
As an International Billing Analyst, you own the relationships between Lucid Software products and customers, balancing business and user needs. You work closely with various functions within Lucid to surface and resolve customer issues. You help improve our products and streamline our internal operations based on local user feedback, analytics, market-specific needs and UX best practices. You write about complex issues in simple terms, and come up with innovative ways to educate and help customers.
 
Responsibilities:

Manage technical issues by investigating and troubleshooting problems, recognizing patterns, escalating billing issues, managing issues workflow and proactively identifying consumer needs.
Analyze user behavior data, identifying and monitoring operational metrics to help champion improvements to our product, processes and support offerings.
Develop and maintain product and billing expertise and work closely with other team members to resolve user issues in a timely manner.
Represent the voice of the international users, helping identify their specific needs and localize the Help Center and user education content.
Develop and maintain a deep understanding of changing product offerings and account types and document and see to the implementation these changes into our billing processes.
Innovate processes and systems to drive improvements to our billing support offering-- recognize opportunities for improvement and take the initiative to implement solutions.
Develop an understanding of our customers business objectives and a strategy for supporting the customer in achieving those objectives.
Continually work with accounts to support ongoing successful adoption of key Lucid products and features.
Other duties as assigned.




Requirements:

0-2 years of experience, preferably in a client-facing or technical role
Fluency in English and one of the following languages (Spanish, French, German, or Japanese)
Bachelors degree with strong academic performance
Able to think strategically and tackle open-ended problem
Detail-oriented, organized, and a good team player
A strong sense of personal ownership and responsibility
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to explain complex subjects to non-technical people
Empathy and a passion for problem solving
Bias towards finding solutions vs. shutting down ideas
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment

