Lucid Software is the leader in visual collaboration, helping teams see and build the future from idea to reality. Our products, business, and workplace culture have received numerous awards, such as being named to the Forbes Cloud 100 and a Fortune Best Workplace in Technology. Lucid is a hybrid workplace, allowing employees to work remotely, from one of our offices, or a combination of the two depending on the needs of the role and team. At Lucid, we hold true to our core values of teamwork over ego, innovation in everything we do, individual empowerment, initiative, and ownership, and passion and excellence in every area. We value diversity and are dedicated to creating an environment that is respectful and inclusive for everyone.In todays tech environment, strategic thinking must be paired with strong analytical skills. As an Analyst on Lucids Strategy  Analytics team, you will be expected to be fluent in all aspects of strategic problem solving - from identifying opportunities to analyzing data, presenting results, and driving change. This role is designed for candidates who have already honed their technical skills working with data and are ready to take their careers to the next level.
Analysts on the Strategy  Analytics team support groups across the whole business, allowing you to see multiple sides of the business and expand your knowledge and experience. These groups include Marketing, Demand Generation, Sales Operations, Customer Experience, Product, and Strategy. The tool sets developed and used are similar across these functions, but each presents domain-specific challenges that will provide unique opportunities for learning.
Some examples of past projects from our team include creating a customer health score to highlight at-risk accounts, identifying opportunities to accelerate product adoption at enterprise companies, creating tools to automate the analysis of AB tests, finding ways to increase collaboration and virality of our product, and building dashboards to help sales reps target high-potential accounts.
Although your day-to-day work will be with the function to which you are assigned, you will be well-supported by the rest of the Strategy  Analytics team. While we are distributed throughout the company, we maintain close ties by holding weekly team trainings, daily working sessions, and regular team activities. We help each other whenever possible, and with the collective efforts of the full team, theres rarely a question we cant answer.
Responsibilities:

Work with senior leaders and other stakeholders within various departments at Lucid
Identify and understand problems and opportunities
Come up with data-driven recommendations
Implement new initiatives that help grow the business
Other duties as assigned

Requirements:

Completed Bachelors andor Masters degree, ideally in a technical or quantitative field
2 years of data analysis experience
Proficient with SQL
Basic understanding of statistics and hypothesis testing
Great communication skills, both written and verbal
Able to think strategically and tackle open-ended problems
Detail-oriented, organized, and a good team player

Preferred Qualifications:

4 years of data analysis experience in a SaaS environment 
Passion for problem-solving - If youve ever been so absorbed in a problem that your mind couldnt rest until you figured it out, youll be in good company.
Willing to help and be helped - Our impact comes only through helping others make better decisions using data. We recognize that were stronger together - theres no shame in asking for help, were not afraid to say I dont know, and we actively seek feedback.
Desire to learn - Youll often be answering questions that have never been answered before, which requires a high level of intellectual curiosity and an eagerness to dive into new problems, domains, tools, and techniques.

LI-DA1 LI-Remote