
Lucid Software is the leader in visual collaboration, helping teams see and build the future from idea to reality. We hold true to our core values: innovation in everything we do, passion  excellence in every area, individual empowerment, initiative and ownership, and teamwork over ego. At Lucid, we value diversity and are dedicated to creating an environment and culture that is respectful and inclusive for everyone. Lucid is a hybrid workplace. We promote a healthy work-life balance by allowing employees to work remotely, from one of our offices, or a combination of the two depending on the needs of the role and team.
Since the companys founding, Lucid Software has received numerous global and regional recognitions for its products, business, and workplace culture. These include being named a Fortune Best Workplace in Technology and a 2022 Glassdoor Best Place to Work, inclusion on the Forbes Cloud 100, and ranking in the top 100 on G2s 2023 Best Global Software Companies. Top businesses use our products all around the world, including customers such as Google, GE, and NBC Universal. Our partners include industry leaders such as Google, Atlassian, and Microsoft.  
 
Commercial Account Executives (AEs) lead the strategic business growth for current Lucidchart, Lucidspark and Lucidscale customers across their assigned territories.  Post prospect qualification, AEs will work directly with potential and existing customers to create business value across multiple personas, continually working to close sales opportunities.  AEs will also work hand-in-hand with Customer Success Managers (CSMs), to ensure renewals, drive expansion and continual customer engagement.

 
Responsibilities:


Effectively be able to close business, prospect, and build personal relationships with a book of accounts
Able to provide excellent customer service and upkeep of existing clientele while identifying strategic opportunities to expand Lucid adoption
Displays a strong out of the box thinking approach to improve best practices around outbound prospecting and pipeline generation
Create and maintain reliable forecasts that create transparency between your pipeline and the management team
Become an expert in our value propositions, target market, and target personas
Develop a mentality of Teamwork Over Ego seeking opportunities to help others and lead out critical initiatives
Meet team standards around activity, accountability, and internal cross-functional SLAs
Other duties as assigned

Requirements:

Must have 2 years sales closing experience (preferably in SaaS) 
Experience in prospecting and closing business (as an Account Executive, or similar role)
Experience in building personal relationships and expanding accounts
Experience with Salesforce.com or similar CRM
Be fluent in English

Preferred Qualifications:

Fluency in German
Experience with software sales (prospecting  closing)
Experience with Salesforce, leads, contacts, and opportunities
Maintaining clean Salesforce hygiene
Ability to manage a large number of prospects and opportunities simultaneously
Experience with Outreach or similar workflow software
Skilled in selling a product against direct and indirect competitors
BABS degree

For all EMEA positions we require employees be located within the borders of the Netherlands. All employees then have the option to work from home, andor the amazing new EMEA HQ in the centre of Amsterdam
If youd like to confirm job application information found on other hiring websites, please contact us directly at: talentacquisitionlucid.co  
