Lucid Software is the leader in visual collaboration, helping teams see and build the future from idea to reality. Our products, business, and workplace culture have received numerous awards, such as being named to the Forbes Cloud 100 and a Fortune Best Workplace in Technology. Lucid is a hybrid workplace, allowing employees to work remotely, from one of our offices, or a combination of the two depending on the needs of the role and team. At Lucid, we hold true to our core values of teamwork over ego, innovation in everything we do, individual empowerment, initiative, and ownership, and passion and excellence in every area. We value diversity and are dedicated to creating an environment that is respectful and inclusive for everyone.
The role of Vice President, Customer Success is vital to the success of Lucid Softwares customers and their experience using our technology. By developing a customer-centric perspective across the organization, they will represent the customers voice and influence internal stakeholders. The position will help the organization move faster and further scale while enhancing its commitment to its customers. In this role, the person hired will have senior management responsibility for globally delivering deep expertise, sharing knowledge, implementing our services and addressing customer issues. This role reports to the Sr. Vice President, Growth  Go to Market Strategy  Operations. Ideally, this leader is located in Salt Lake City, UT or willing to relocate to the area.
Responsibilities: 

Setting the strategy and prioritizing Objectives and Key Results (OKRs) while leading the Customer Success teams. 
Deploying programs to help promote company value with customers, customer goal attainment, and new use-cases. Designing the customer journey to assist drive customer lifetime value. Cooperating across teams to discover and develop opportunities for customer growth.
Architecting the customer success organization and solutions to leverage and grow in support of our revenue goals, including finding the correct balance of services and support for our many customer categories  Large Enterprise, Commercial, and SMB. 
Increase efficiency through technology. Oversee the technology adoption process with tools and systems like the Customer Success Management Software, etc.
Work collaboratively with the sales teams to connect with executives at potential and current clients to identify goals. 

Requirements: 

Results orientation: Focuses strongly on achieving agreed-upon outcomes and ensures that key objectives are met. Conveys a sense of urgency and drives issues to closure. Aims to improve upon past performance. Establishes aggressive personal targets and strives to achieve them.
Technical background: Must possess experience in building out processes and systems for Global Customer Success teams (e.g.; Gainsight)
Planning  objective setting: Systematic approach to work. Produces action plans in which objectives are defined and steps for achieving them are clearly specified. Plans by breaking down large tasks into subtasks. Develops plans that anticipate obstacles. Is realistic about timescales and builds in appropriate checkpoints, milestones, and controls in order to ensure that desired results are realized.
Customerclient orientation: Strives to provide customersclients with personalized and efficient service. Anticipates customersclients needs. Quickly follows up on customerclient contacts and complaints. Monitors and acts on measures of customerclient satisfaction.
Operationally excellence: bring value to Lucids customers to create a culture of excellence within the teams you support. 
Team skills: Helps to create a sense of team spirit and harmonious relations through cooperation and support. Balances personal goals with those of the team. Fosters collaboration among team members.
Strategic approach: Develop a strategic plan to realize the vision. Revises strategy in light of changing circumstances. Takes a long-term view of organizational success. Works to clarify long-term organizational goals. Able to stand back from immediate problems in order to focus on more far-reaching ideas.
Role expertise: Demonstrates critical technical or professional knowledgeskills related to the role. Has thorough knowledge of relevant products, services, and methods. Expands technical knowledgeskills and keeps up to date in own area of expertise.

LI-JJ1