
Lucid Software is the leader in visual collaboration, helping teams see and build the future from idea to reality. Our products, business, and workplace culture have received numerous awards, such as being named to the Forbes Cloud 100 and a Fortune Best Workplace in Technology. Lucid is a hybrid workplace, allowing employees to work remotely, from one of our offices, or a combination of the two depending on the needs of the role and team. At Lucid, we hold true to our core values of teamwork over ego, innovation in everything we do, individual empowerment, initiative, and ownership, and passion and excellence in every area. We value diversity and are dedicated to creating an environment that is respectful and inclusive for everyone.
Lucid Softwares Customer Operations team helps the countless users who rely on Lucid understand how to use our product, and we use the incoming user data to improve the health of these products. Were an operational team that uses both direct support interactions as well as scalable solutions to engage with our global consumers.
As a Product Support Specialist, youll help launch Lucids newest products and features and have the opportunity to impact how we help thousands of people around the world.  We represent the voice of the customer and work closely with cross-functional partners throughout Lucid to make our products and processes better. You will work our Engineering and Product Management teams to surface user issues, help improve our products, and streamline our internal and external communication. The Customer Operations team owns the relationships between Lucid products and users. You will be expected to work on the front lines assisting all Lucid customers, troubleshooting technical issues, and representing Lucid in critical situations.
Responsibilities:

Manage technical issues by investigating and troubleshooting problems, escalating user issues, managing issue workflows and proactively identifying consumer needs
Develop and maintain technical product expertise and work closely with other support and productengineering team members to resolve user issues
Identify and monitor key user operational metrics to help drive improvements to our product and support offerings
Collaborate with Engineering, Product Management, and other cross-functional peers on specific user-impacting issues and bugs.
Assist in writing clear Help Center and user education content
Engage with our users in the Lucid Community
Be available for one weekend per quarter to be the on-call support agent and escalate any top issues or site outages to engineering that occur during this time.

Requirements:

1 year practical work experience or a Bachelors degree with a 3.0 cumulative GPA or higher
A strong sense of personal ownership and responsibility
Ability to translate complex technical ideas into simple, easy to understand content
Strong written and verbal communication skills (both internally and externally)
Ability to work independently, cross-functionally, and on multiple initiatives at the same time with a proven record of driving results
Excellent analytical capabilities and problem-solving skills combined with sound business judgment in a fast-paced environment with evolving priorities
Detail-oriented, organized and a good team player
Bias towards finding solutions versus shutting down ideas

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience troubleshooting technical issues
Experience in content creation
Basic data analytics or statistical skills
Teaching or mentoring experience

LI-NJ1
