Lucid Software is the leader in visual collaboration, helping teams see and build the future from idea to reality. We hold true to our core values: innovation in everything we do, passion  excellence in every area, individual empowerment, initiative and ownership, and teamwork over ego. At Lucid, we value diversity and are dedicated to creating an environment and culture that is respectful and inclusive for everyone. Lucid is a hybrid workplace. We promote a healthy work-life balance by allowing employees to work remotely, from one of our offices, or a combination of the two depending on the needs of the role and team. 
Since the companys founding, Lucid Software has received numerous global and regional recognitions for its products, business, and workplace culture. These include being named a Fortune Best Workplace in Technology and a 2022 Glassdoor Best Place to Work, inclusion on the Forbes Cloud 100, and ranking in the top 100 on G2s 2023 Best Global Software Companies. Top businesses use our products all around the world, including customers such as Google, GE, and NBC Universal. Our partners include industry leaders such as Google, Atlassian, and Microsoft.
 
Were searching for a talented individual to join our International Marketing team, focusing on acquisition growth for Japanese-speaking markets. Youre a natural problem-solver with a passion for learning and understanding Search Engine Optimization (SEO), as well as other paidunpaid digital marketing channels . You are capable of identifying issues and creating solutions. You have a data-driven mindset with the ability to manipulate complex sets of information and draw conclusions. You love executing digital marketing campaigns and seeing your website rise in the SERPs. Youre familiar with Google Analytics and Excel along with digital marketing tools like Ahrefs, SEMrush, Google Adwords and Screaming Frog. You have an intellectual curiosity that drives your need to learn and and stay up-to-date on industry changes in order to take on new challenges and drive acquisition growth.  
Are you a natural leader and a team player? Do you have a passion for digital marketing and SEO? Are you drawn to cross-functional work that is different every day? If this is you, lets talk!
Responsibilities:

Work with the Marketing team to develop and execute digital marketing campaigns in Japanese.
Conduct keyword research in Japanese and understand the local SERP landscape.
Identify new SEO optimization opportunities and content insights that are locally relevant.
Scope link building opportunities and perform outreach efforts with a focus on Japanese websites.
Help scale PPC campaign expansion and localization, providing local insights, building keyword lists and optimizing ad copies.
Perform local market research and competitor analysis to identify new acquisition growth opportunities.
Monitor market specific performance metrics and support with regional reporting.  

Requirements:

Native fluency in Japanese.
Bachelors degree in progresscompleted with strong academic performance.
A growth mindset: willingness and ability to learn about digital marketing.
Analytical skills to be able to work with large amounts of data and translate into actionable strategies.
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to buildmaintain relationships at every level.
Exceptional organizational skills and the ability to prioritize multiple tasks with excellent attention to detail.
Ability to problem solve and take initiative with minimal guidance.
Ability to provide, receive, and incorporate constructive feedback.
A team player!

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree in Marketing.
Experience copywriting in Japanese.
HTML, CSS, and experience working with a content management system.
Experience with SEO tools (Ahrefs, Moz, Hunter.io, Search Console);
Experience with digital advertising, AB testing and email marketing.
Experience creating, manipulating and extracting insights from Tableau dashboards;
Experience analyzing large data sets.
Mastery of spreadsheets and analysis functionality.
Experience running successful link-building campaigns through email outreach, vendor management, relationship building

 
LI-MG1