Lucid Software is the leader in visual collaboration, helping teams see and build the future from idea to reality. Our products, business, and workplace culture have received numerous awards, such as being named to the Forbes Cloud 100 and a Fortune Best Workplace in Technology. Lucid is a hybrid workplace, allowing employees to work remotely, from one of our offices, or a combination of the two depending on the needs of the role and team. At Lucid, we hold true to our core values of teamwork over ego, innovation in everything we do, individual empowerment, initiative, and ownership, and passion and excellence in every area. We value diversity and are dedicated to creating an environment that is respectful and inclusive for everyone.
Lucid is seeking an action-oriented and business-minded lawyer to join our legal team. You will be primarily responsible for leading Lucids compliance team, managing our existing compliance policies and activities, and monitoring evolving laws, regulations, and rules applicable to SaaS companies. As Lucids business grows, you will have responsibility for corporate legal matters, including corporate transactions, financing activities, and compliance with applicable securities rules and regulations. Youre an ideal fit for the role if youre an experienced lawyer with initiative, intellectual curiosity, and a desire to be a significant contributor to the Companys business and corporate objectives. This role will report to the General Counsel. 
About The Team
Lucids legal team is a diverse group of lawyers and legal professionals with a shared passion for providing collaborative, creative and best-in-class service to our business partners. We go above and beyond to help accelerate and protect the business. Were looking for an achiever who can successfully work within the legal team, as well as across the broader company. 
Responsibilities:

Monitor current and evolving federal and state laws and regulations applicable to SaaS technology companies to identify legal issues of critical importance to Lucid, and ensure an ongoing ability to provide sound regulatory advice.
Develop, implement and maintain global corporate policies, programs and processes, to ensure adherence to regulatory requirements and develop and implement training materials on relevant topics.
Serve as Lucids subject matter expert on global privacy laws and principles, such as GDPR and CCPA and other key compliance areas.
Assist the GC in providing corporate governance oversight and counsel to management regarding corporate regulatory compliance and risk management in all areas of the business. 
Collaborate with internal business units and stakeholders to support company business operations while driving compliance with relevant  laws and regulations (e.g. marketing, growth, finance, accounting, tax, customer operations, customer success, security, people  culture, and product). Including:

Playing a key role to support the security team in the review, coordination and management of potential privacy or data security incidents, including investigations, notifications, and other resolution efforts.
Advising product and technology teams throughout the entire product life-cycle on matters relating to the legal and regulatory aspects of software product development, including privacy, security, federal ADA and open source issues.
Assisting customer operations in managing responses from customers, partners, and regulatory agencies regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

Depending on background, play a key role in all corporate, financing and MA transactions.   

Requirements:

7 years of relevant legal experience, at leading law firms or in the software or subscription technology industry. Experience in a law firm MA, securities or other transactional practice group preferred.
Significant experience managing complex projects.
Ability to manage multiple projects and organize, prioritize, and meet deadlines with consistently high-quality work product in a fast-paced environment; capable of dealing with and navigating ambiguity.
Ability to quickly learn relevant areas of law and translate the learnings in actionable compliance programs. 
Demonstrated experience providing practical, actionable advice that balances legal risk and business impact in a dynamic environment.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to synthesize and present complex ideas simply and understandably to employees at all levels as well as to Lucids management team and board of directors.
Hands-on, team-oriented approach with flexibility and positive attitude; humble (no task is too big or too small).
Excited to take on a significant working role in the organization and motivated to elevate Lucids legal department to the next level. 
Experience with global data privacy laws and principles, including GDPR, CCPA and U.S. state breach notification laws strongly preferred.
Experience developing and implementing compliance and risk management programs and an interest in emerging technologies, e.g. AI,  preferred.
Experience with management of legal professionals preferred.
Undergraduate and Juris Doctor from highly regarded schools; excellent academic credentials.
Licensed and in good standing to practice law in any US jurisdiction.

If youd like to confirm job application information found on other hiring websites, please contact us directly at: talentacquisitionlucid.co  
LI-KB1  LI-Remote