Lucid Software is the leader in visual collaboration, helping teams see and build the future from idea to reality. We hold true to our core values: innovation in everything we do, passion  excellence in every area, individual empowerment, initiative and ownership, and teamwork over ego. At Lucid, we value diversity and are dedicated to creating an environment and culture that is respectful and inclusive for everyone. Lucid is a hybrid workplace. We promote a healthy work-life balance by allowing employees to work remotely, from one of our offices, or a combination of the two depending on the needs of the role and team.
Since the companys founding, Lucid Software has received numerous global and regional recognitions for its products, business, and workplace culture. These include being named a Fortune Best Workplace in Technology and a 2022 Glassdoor Best Place to Work, inclusion on the Forbes Cloud 100, and ranking in the top 100 on G2s 2023 Best Global Software Companies. Top businesses use our products all around the world, including customers such as Google, GE, and NBC Universal. Our partners include industry leaders such as Google, Atlassian, and Microsoft.  
We are looking for a smart, motivated, and organized person to join the Revenue Operations team. This role will support the Revenue Operations and go-to-market teams to ensure CRM data is compliant with Rules of Engagement in order to drive visibility and alignment across the org. This will involve managing the existing processes and workload while also working cross-functionally to improve and automate tasks and processes. This role will also assist with ad-hoc reporting and analysis for the Revenue Operations team. An ideal candidate will have a love of technology, collaborate well in a team environment, and have a desire to work in a role that is continuously evolving as our organization grows.
Responsibilities:

Daily audits and reviews of opportunity and account data to ensure alignment with Rules of Engagement.
Proactive and timely communication with sales reps on any necessary adjustments and answering any associated questions.
Creative and strategic problem solving to identify inefficiencies and address known issues that require adjustments.
Work cross-functionally on implementing solutions to inefficiencies and known issues to optimize for completeness, accuracy, and user experience.
Assist with ad-hoc reporting and analysis to inform the revenue organization on strategy changes to our market approach. 

Requirements:

Currently pursuing an undergraduate degree in Business, Finance, IS, Marketing, Economics, Math, Statistics, or other technical degree with strong academic performance.
Able to work independently, collaboratively, and on multiple initiatives at the same time with a demonstrable record of driving results. Detail-oriented and organized to ensure all of your work is complete, accurate, and meets deadlines.
Able to identify problems as well as propose and implement creative data-driven solutions.
Resourceful, innovative, and are always looking for ways to drive process improvement and act as an agent for change.
Strong verbal and written communicator with good interpersonal skills to build relationships with key stakeholders.
Able to thrive in a fast-paced, rapid growth environment.
Able to work efficiently in Excel (e.g. lookups, pivot tables, complex formulas).

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience in operations role or SaaS company a plus
Experience with Business Intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau, Domo) a plus
Experience with CRM software (e.g. Salesforce) a plus

Note: This is a summer 2024 internship that will run roughly from May to August 
LI-KB1 