Lucid Software is the leader in visual collaboration, helping teams see and build the future from idea to reality. We hold true to our core values: innovation in everything we do, passion  excellence in every area, individual empowerment, initiative and ownership, and teamwork over ego. At Lucid, we value diversity and are dedicated to creating an environment and culture that is respectful and inclusive for everyone. Lucid is a hybrid workplace. We promote a healthy work-life balance by allowing employees to work remotely, from one of our offices, or a combination of the two depending on the needs of the role and team.
Since the companys founding, Lucid Software has received numerous global and regional recognitions for its products, business, and workplace culture. These include being named a Fortune Best Workplace in Technology and a 2022 Glassdoor Best Place to Work, inclusion on the Forbes Cloud 100, and ranking in the top 100 on G2s 2023 Best Global Software Companies. Top businesses use our products all around the world, including customers such as Google, GE, and NBC Universal. Our partners include industry leaders such as Google, Atlassian, and Microsoft.  
As a Customer Trainer on Lucids Learning Services team, you will empower our users to see and build the future by delivering and developing creative and often technical training in a variety of settings including private and public webinars, regional workshops, and customer on-sites. With captivating presentation skills and a passion for the learner experience, you will train users across the entire Lucid Visual Collaboration Suite; from brainstorming and diagramming best practices to visualizing cloud architecture, and agile planning, you will help teams collaborate more effectively by thinking and working visually.
Who you are:

Are obsessed with the learner experience and delivering intelligent, approachable, and lively presentations
Enjoy managing and prioritizing multiple projects in a fast-paced environment
Are a clear, cogent, and captivating presenter
Passionate about technical concepts with a love learning new skills and concepts
Are energized by delivering live user training experiences
Can build strong relationships with an ever-evolving group of project stakeholders and subject matter experts

Responsibilities: 
50 Training Project Management  Delivery:

Deliver instructor-led workshops, webinars, and demos focused on Lucid Suites ability to empower teams to see and build the future across our entire range of products in both remote and on-site environments as needed
Maintain enthusiasm and energy while delivering several training sessions in a given day over many days in a row
Attention to detail in following up on customer requests, communicating with customers and co-workers, and monitoring training performance and outcomes.
Conduct discovery and manage expectations with customers before and during training engagements in order to best align the experience with desired outcomes.
Gather and provide ongoing feedback on the reception and results of instructor-led training efforts.
Adapt to shifting job and project requirements, recommending and implementing solutions as opportunities and challenges arise
Constantly seek to iterate and improve upon processes to improve not only team efficiency but to deliver a best-in-class learning experience for Lucid users

30 Curriculum development, learning experience design, and special projects:

Own the instructional design, development, and maintenance of trainingworkshop materials and curriculum as well as assisting our Learning Experience Design team as needed with content such as: video tutorials, self-paced digital training programs, and other on-demand resources.
Test and deliver feedback on new training materials including instructor-led workshops, webinar curriculum, self-paced tutorials, and interactive templates.


Make data-driven adjustments to trainings and training materials to drive greater impact and satisfaction of customers.
Special projects to tackle assist the team in developing our training delivery motion, strategy, or other efforts as prioritized by the training product owner

20 AdministrativeOther:

Ownership over key programs or initiatives of the training team as needed such as; scrum product owner, the training pipeline and delivery process, the public webinar program, our training curriculum and catalog, tooling  learner experience, or other areas as identified by leadership
Maintain an expert-level understanding of Lucid Suites value, features, and functionality and serve as a Subject Matter Expert for our customers and business partners
Participate in setting quarterly goals, assessing current and future needs, developing strategic initiatives, and driving the success of Lucid Suites education program.
Document and convey product feedback to the Product team.
Perform required tasks to support revenue recognition and general measurement of the efficacy of training.

Qualifications: 

1-3 years experience in software or technical training (SaaS preferred)
Proven ability to build and maintain training curriculum.
Demonstrated ability to conduct engaging and cogent training to audiences of all sizes and demographics both virtually and in person.
Ability to quickly master the Lucid Visual Collaboration Suite (and other technical products) by effectively presenting information and answering technically complex questions in terms that can be easily understood.
Aptitude  passion for diverse and often technical subject matter such as UML, ERD, cloud architecture, creative facilitation, agile methodology, project management, ideation, innovation, etc.
Excellent communication (verbal, written, grammatical), time management, and organizational skills.
Attention to detail in following up on customer requests, communicating with customers and co-workers, and monitoring training performance and outcomes.
Demonstrated ability to work within cross-functional teams

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with webinar platforms such as Zoom, BlueJeans, Webex, or GoToTraining
Experience with visual collaboration platforms such as the Lucid Suite, Visio, Miro, Mural, etc.
Interest in ability to train in one or more additional languages, particularly: Spanish, Portuguese, German, andor French
Prior related domain expertise (SQL, UML, ERD, VSM, cloud architecture, Six Sigma, Agile, Scrum, etc.)
AWS Cloud Practitioner Certification (or similar)
Certified Scrum Master (CSM) or Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO)
Certificate, degree, or deep experience within curriculum development and learning experience design (especially for VILT)
Visual design experience (Photoshop, Illustrator)
Able to navigate a complex SaaS environment effectively, including knowledge of SaaS business model, concepts, terms, and organizational structure

If youd like to confirm job application information found on other hiring websites, please contact us directly at: talentacquisitionlucid.co
LI-KB1 LI-remote