Lucid Software is the leader in visual collaboration, helping teams see and build the future from idea to reality. We hold true to our core values: innovation in everything we do, passion  excellence in every area, individual empowerment, initiative and ownership, and teamwork over ego. At Lucid, we value diversity and are dedicated to creating an environment and culture that is respectful and inclusive for everyone. Lucid is a hybrid workplace. We promote a healthy work-life balance by allowing employees to work remotely, from one of our offices, or a combination of the two depending on the needs of the role and team.
Since the companys founding, Lucid Software has received numerous global and regional recognitions for its products, business, and workplace culture. These include being named a Fortune Best Workplace in Technology and a 2022 Glassdoor Best Place to Work, inclusion on the Forbes Cloud 100, and ranking in the top 100 on G2s 2023 Best Global Software Companies. Top businesses use our products all around the world, including customers such as Google, GE, and NBC Universal. Our partners include industry leaders such as Google, Atlassian, and Mi
We are looking for a smart, inquisitive, passionate, organized and creative individual to join the Solution Engineering (SE) team. This role will work directly with the Lucid sales team to accelerate the growth of our thriving suite of products: Lucidchart, Lucidspark, and Lucidscale. As the technical point of contact throughout the sales cycle, you will be essential to Lucids success by understanding and demoing the product suite, as well as crafting business solutions that solve real-world problems for our clients.
Responsibilities:

Create and deliver custom technical demos of the Lucid product suite to prospects and customers
Become a respected product expert internally and source of knowledge for customers
Collaborate with counterparts in sales to understand, qualify, and communicate customer needs
Creative and strategic problem solving to identify and solve inefficiencies in SE team operations.

Qualifications:

Currently pursuing an undergraduate degree in Engineering, Information Systems, Economics, or other STEM focus with strong academic performance.
Peers would describe you as passionate, technical, hard-working, fun to be around, and someone who takes initiative.
Demonstrate interest in customer success
Excellent written  verbal communication skills, including presentation acumen
Detail-oriented, organized and a good team player
Bias towards finding solutions vs. shutting down ideas
Can relate to Lucid Softwares products and culture
Can easily thrive working in a fast-paced, start-up-type environment

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience working in a customer facing role, in sales, or at a SaaS company
Experience with coding, Excel formulas, or other technical software tools.
Familiarity with Cloud Networking Architecture or Information Security is a plus

 
LI-KB1