Executive Recruiting Researcher
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
The executive recruiting teams mission is to build the most inclusive, dynamic, and impactful executive leadership team that will drive the success and growth of our business. Using a holistic approach, sophisticated strategy, and market intelligence, we serve as a trusted, insightful partner to our clients and candidates. To support our strategic hiring goals, we are seeking a seasoned Executive Recruiting Researcher to join our small, dynamic, and high-performing team.
As a Senior Executive Recruiting Researcher at Lyft, you will play a pivotal part in shaping and executing our executive recruitment strategy and building a world-class leadership team. In this role, you will lead the charge in identifying and engaging with top-level executive candidates who possess the skills, experience, and leadership qualities needed to advance our organization. You will serve as a brand ambassador for Lyft, often being the first point of contact for prospective candidates.
Responsibilities:
Candidate Identification and Engagement:

Conduct detailed talent and market mapping for open Executive-level positions.
Utilize advanced sourcing methods, including deep web searches, industry events, and executive networks, to identify and engage with senior-level candidates.
Develop and nurture relationships with high-caliber, passive candidates through personalized outreach and communication.
Foster relationships with underrepresented candidates through personalized outreach and communication.

Recruiter Partnership and Collaboration:

Collaborate closely with the executive recruiters on the team
Mentor and guide junior sourcing team members across the TA organization, providing coaching and training in executive search methodologies.

Candidate Assessment and Evaluation:

Conduct initial candidate assessments, including evaluating executive candidates qualifications, motivations, and cultural fit.
Prepare thoughtful and detailed written candidate evaluations for Hiring Leader review
Serve as a valued thought partner to Executive Hiring Leaders; provide insightful candidate profiles and recommendations to Hiring Leaders in weekly syncs  meetings. 

Data Analysis and Reporting:

Analyze and report on key metrics related to executive candidate pipelines and sourcing effectiveness.
Provide data-driven insights to inform and guide sourcing strategies, particularly with respect to underrepresented candidates.

Strategic Talent Mapping  Market Intelligence:

Drive strategic talent mapping exercises to identify and anticipate future talent needs.
Analyze market dynamics, competitor organizations, and industry trends to inform executive recruitment strategies.

Thought Leadership:

Stay at the forefront of executive recruiting trends and share thought leadership within the organization.
Contribute to the development of innovative executive talent acquisition strategies.
Contribute to executive recruiting projects such as succession planning, market research, and workflow evolution.

Experience:

Extensive experience in executive-level recruiting research, with a strong track record of sourcing senior executives.
Deep expertise in executive search methodologies, market intelligence, and sourcing techniques.
Exceptional proficiency in using advanced tools and techniques for talent identification.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, including the ability to engage with and influence senior-level candidates
Executive-facing presentation and communication experience. 
Self Directed and takes full ownership of the top of funnel candidate pipeline
Relentless and persevering, creative and proactive in problem solving, especially when faced with ambiguous challenges
Passionate about research; highly motivated to solve problems; genuinely curious and interested in people and organizations
Committed to providing an outstanding level of client service aligned with Lyfts value of customer obsession
Strong project management skills; ability to prioritize and handle multiple projects with competing deadlines
Team player and reliable partner

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in San Francisco is 117,000-130,000 Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.
 
 