Data Analyst, Real-Time Supply Management
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
The Real Time Supply Management team at Lyft is responsible for managing our suite of real time driver earnings products, driving top business goals around financial metrics and marketplace performance. The team develops and improves algorithms to automate the management of our real time earnings products, develops new earnings products, and manages financial performance of these products to manage the growth of the business. 
We are looking for an analyst to join the team that is responsible for working with cross-functional stakeholders to analyze and improve existing earnings products, financial levers leveraged in marketplace strategy. You will influence existing and future strategy with your data analysis, insights, and visualization to deliver strategic recommendations on experimentation and product improvements. Were looking for a data  process-driven individual who has extraordinary attention to detail and a track record of analytical problem-solving.
Responsibilities:

Support marketplace operations to provide world-class analysis, forecasting and reporting to stakeholders.
Become an expert in marketplace trends and support weekly reporting structures for the Rideshare organization.
Develop domain-specific subject matter expertise in our lever portfolio and support cross-functional initiatives to improve existing products and develop new ones.
Analyze marketplace product  financial levers and provide cross-functional teams with actionable insights on improvements and problem areas.
Operate within Rideshare decision-making frameworks with a critical lens, evaluating areas of improvement and business growth opportunities.
Prepare regular business reviews for leadership, highlighting key areas of focus.
Work with stakeholders and other teams to track, report, and reconcile budget allocation across marketplace programs.
Analyze data, conduct research and synthesize feedback into plans, processes and playbooks.

 
Experience:

2-5 years of experience in a high growth environment in data andor financial analytics.
Very strong attention to detail, experience developing processes to remove human error.
Proficient in SQL and quantitative analysis, you can deep dive into large amounts of data, draw meaningful insights, dissect business issues and draw actionable conclusions.
Outcome-driven approach to developing recommendations and demonstrated ability to develop a story and execution plan to support our goals and objectives.
Exceptional communication (listening, written, and oral) skills with the ability to present findings and recommendations targeted to the audience in question.
A drive to understand the core issues along with the determination to uncover the solution.
Excels at dealing with ambiguity and change management.

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 128,000 - 142,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.