Consumer Brand Communications Manager
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. We have a bold vision and a clear plan to get there. Were already making progress. It is a compelling story and were looking for experienced and creative communications professionals to help tell it. 
Were seeking an experienced communications leader to join our Consumer Brand Comms and Social team. The ideal candidate has a proven track record in strategy setting, and implementing unique ideas to reach new audiences. Youre a strategic thinker and creative storyteller who is enthusiastic, collaborative, and can join us in positioning Lyft as a cultural force in ways that spark conversation and drive earned results. Youll have a strong record of working collaboratively with co-workers and with internal partners and have experience building strong and productive relationships with reporters and influencers. The communications team executes quickly. Youll be comfortable with ambiguity and change, and able to take something from idea to execution. 
Were a fun team with an important role at a mission driven company. Come and join us.
Responsibilities:

Build and execute creative consumer communications plans that sit at the intersection of earned and social media, aimed at driving buzz and cultural conversation.
Develop integrated communications plans across traditional and emerging platforms. 
Work directly with top-tier media to help them be successful and ensure they understand Lyfts vision and progress. Develop and maintain relationships with consumer and multicultural media, creators, influencers and partners.
Work closely with product teams to turn business priorities into communications campaigns that earn coverage and social engagement.

Experience:

Proven success developing and implementing communications plans that drive results across a variety of outlets and types of communications channels.
7-8 years experience guiding strategy and execution in a consumer communications PR role in-house or at an agency.
Understanding of social media and how to leverage it for holistic brand storytelling and earned coverage. 
Ability to navigate between strategy and execution by developing plans and produce crisp, clear communications.
Experience interfacing, influencing and partnering with executives.

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected base pay range for this position in New York is 144,000 - 160,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.