At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
The Identity  Integrity organization is looking for software engineers. We are growing our team with people who want to build, improve and incorporate technologies that make the lives of our community more enriched and safe. As an engineer at Lyft, youll collaborate with teams like product, data science, analytics, and operations on code that empower us to iterate quickly, while focusing on delighting our passengers and drivers.
As a Software Engineer in the Integrity team, your primary responsibilities will encompass:
Responsibilities

Write well-crafted, well-tested, readable, maintainable code
Promote appropriate tech and engineering best practices
Write documents to communicate system design, launch, and share knowledge
Participate in code reviews and on-call rotations
Unblock, support, and communicate with internal and external partners to achieve results
Share your knowledge by giving brown bags, tech talks, and evangelizing appropriate tech and engineering best practices

Experience

3 years of engineering experience working in any of these stacks; Python, GO, Java, etc.
Proficient in object-oriented programming
Experience with cloud service providers like Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud(GCP), Oracle Cloud, etc
Sold knowledge of distributed systems, relational and NoSQL databases.
Led a set of components from design to launch
Ability to communicate in English in writing, meeting and presentations.

Benefits

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 132,000 - 155,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.