At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. We start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Were looking for an Associate Creative Director, Design to join our in-house creative team. 
Youre known for your fine-tuned aesthetics and good design judgment. Youre comfortable developing and iterating on a wide range of ideas from brainstorming and sketching through execution and refinement. Youre a proactive problem-solver and natural collaborator. Youll bring enthusiasm and good energy to creating work that supports the companys business goals, educates our riders and drivers, and brings joy and inspiration to our audiences. You will also work with stakeholders, creative directors, copywriters, producers, developers, and others across Lyft to execute first-class work. 
As a design leader, youll bring a people-first mentality and high EQ along with your killer design skills. Youll report to the Creative Director, focused on Lyfts brand and product marketing efforts, and youll partner with marketing stakeholders to solve business problems for their channels and find new ways to bring their strategies and stories to life.
You are a strong creative leader with a background in guiding, managing, and refining the development of creative materials from conception to production. You are skilled at bringing your creative vision to life, and mentoring junior teammates to help them bring their creative visions to life, too. Your experience includes large-scale integrated campaigns, channel-specific design solutions, cross-functional collaboration, and design systems expertise. You communicate—and operate—with humor and empathy. 
To be considered for this role, you must include a link to your portfolio. If your portfolio is password protected, please include the password in your resume.
Responsibilities:

Lead the development and execution of creative materials from briefing through concepting, executing, and  production, with guidance from creative directors
Inspire teammates and contribute design solutions as both a leader and an IC.
Transform complex marketing messages into clear, friendly marketing communications.
Ensure design consistency and excellence across a variety of deliverables including emails, in-app messages, blog posts, landing pages, and paid media assets.
Lead, guide, and mentor in-house and external designers, in a high-volume, fast-paced environment.
Be an idea generator; bring a range of powerful and viable creative concepts and solutions to each project Ensure final creative concepts and deliverables align with the creative brief and adhere to brand guidelines.
Partner closely with art directors, designers, creative directors, and project managers to develop and refine creative work
Be an excellent cross-functional partner to a variety of stakeholders including Marketing, Legal, Product Design partners
Work closely with creative operations and project managers to establish efficient processes for the creative team.
Create and maintain meticulous design files for ease of collaboration.
Present and advocate for your creative work to a variety of cross functional stakeholders
Embrace our culture of excellence and inclusivity, where individual creatives can flourish, and be proud of what they contribute.
Be a full-time champion for the brand voice and style
Bring excellent creative and design solutions to each project
Educate, inspire, and delight our audience

Experience:

8 years design experience 
In-house or brand-side experience, preferably in tech.
Experience directing the creative development of marketing assets for multi-channel campaigns, including in-product, social, email, display, web, and OOH.
A strong portfolio that demonstrates your strategic, conceptual, and design skills through visually-compelling work. 
Proven history of leveling up creative teams by identifying opportunities to improve.
You enjoy strategic vision- and direction-setting, and at heart, youre a creative problem-solver and mentor.
Mastery of composition, typography, color, and imagery
Mastery of design tools: Figma, Illustrator, Photoshop (After Effects is a plus)
Solid understanding of UX, web, responsive design, email, video, 3D, and animation
A growth mindset
Ability to multitask, prioritize, and meet deadlines in a fast paced environment
Ability to be detailed in your execution, but flexible in your approach
Motivation to share knowledge and nurture the team as a whole
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
You should be a Lyft userbeliever :)

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 171,000 - 190,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process. 