At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyft is seeking a qualitative User Experience Research Intern to join our team, which aspires to elevate the user experience for our drivers and riders across 300 cities nationwide. You will conduct research studies, as well as participate in studies alongside more senior researchers from which youll gain strong mentorship. You will partner with Design, Product Management, Analytics, and Engineering in order to derive deep insights about our users behaviors and attitudes, and communicate results and actionable recommendations across the company.
Interns contribute to user-facing products, working side-by-side with top User Experience Research team members in the industry while having autonomy from the get-go. Lyft fosters a collaborative environment in the office, so theres always a sharp mind eager to hear about your next idea. So whats yours?
Responsibilities:

Design and conduct studies across key Lyft product areas -- independently and in conjunction with more senior researchers. You will utilize methods such as ethnographic  field research, diary studies, surveys, userusability testing (remote and in-person), guerrilla research, and any other methods you find impactful
Review, analyze, and communicate qualitative andor quantitative data to generate tactical and strategic insights, as well as actionable recommendations which drive product innovation and design improvements for users

Experience:

Currently pursuing a B.S., M.S., or PhD degree in Human-Computer Interaction, Anthropology, Design, Psychology, Cognitive Science, or a related field, with a graduation date between December 2024 and Summer 2025 (required)
Available during Summer 2024 for an internship
Extraordinary organizational skills and meticulous eye for detail
Strong listening and analytical skills; proactive troubleshooter
Team player with excellent written  verbal communication skills
Enthusiasm for a collaborative, highly energetic, fun and fast-paced environment
Experience as a researcher andor research coordinator for qualitative research studies or school-based research projects, including usabilityuser testing, surveys, field research, or user interviews

Bonus Points:

Research experience with mobile technology
Experience conducting qualitative research in applied research settings, ideally within a Product organization
Experience designing surveys and experimental research, and analyzing large datasets using appropriate statistical methods
Experience using Qualtrics or SurveyMonkey
Experience cleaning, handling, and transforming data in Microsoft Excel andor Google Sheets
Experience with SQL, R, andor other data analysis software (e.g., SPSS)
Experience with research participant recruitment and management practices
Design thinking, visual communication, information design, or wireframing skills

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
In addition to holidays, interns receive 2 days paid time off and 3 days sick time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. 
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, and NYC areas is 52-62hour USD. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.