Field Associate - Denver, CO Bikes and Scooters
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyft is looking for a hands-on Field Associate to join the Lyft Bikes  Scooters team in Denver, CO. You will operate in the field by driving commercial vehicles in order to pick up, deploy and rebalance our rideables on the Lyft Bikes  Scooters team in Denver and support warehouse operations. You will report to an Operations Lead, and work together to ensure reliability and availability of our scooter and bike fleet, as well as overall operational excellence for the local micro-mobility program. This job is based in our Denver, CO warehouse and will work a set full-time schedule of five (5) eight-hour shifts per week. We operate 247 with multiple shifts available (AM or PM) and offer robust benefits for all full-time employees.
If you share our vision for transportation that empowers local communities, reduces our environmental footprint, and brings people together, wed love to meet you!
Responsibilities:

Follow directions given by the operations team member on duty to support the operational objectives for each shift worked
Drive a Sprinter van or an electric-trike and to safely perform tasks related to deployment, repositioning and recovery of bikes and scooters 
Using a dedicated Lyft operations smartphone and application, navigate tofrom and complete tasks as assigned (company provides devices)
Follow all safety and road guidelines at all times
Perform physical tasks including moving bikes and scooters, loading and unloading vans and racking and charging batteries or other equipment as needed
Perform general housekeeping duties in the warehouse which include but are not limited to reorganizing and inspecting the bikes and scooters to ensure proper function and cleanliness, inflating tires, receiving shipments, etc.
Perform vehicle maintenance tasks including taking vans to and from maintenance, service, repair and wash
Work collaboratively to ensure objectives are accomplished, troubleshoot any potential issues and communicate solutions to the Operations team, report on shift activities and keep management abreast of any relevant updates
Other duties as assigned

Experience:

Prior experience driving a commercial vehicle, preferably a Sprinter Van.
Experience working in a complex, fast-moving, rapidly changing environment such as a distribution center, warehouse, restaurant, or delivery operation
Safety-focused mindset with a get-it-done attitude and strong attention to detail
Strong team player but comfortable making decisions independently
Knowledge of city geography and street layout
Must have a valid unrestricted drivers license
Must have a reliable means of transportation to and from the warehouse in central Denver
Have and maintain a satisfactory driving record and be insurable under Lyfts policy
Ability to lift up to 70 lbs repetitively throughout the duration of your shift; stoop, bend, and stand for long periods of time
Proficiency with common technology tools like smartphones, Slack, Google Sheets, Google Docs, etc. preferred
Ability to work non-standard hours as part of a set full-time schedule of five (5) eight-hour shifts per week to support the 247 operation (including weekends and holidays). 

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
This role is on-site at a Lyft location full time. 
The expected range of pay for this position in the US is 17.09 - 24.52. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.