At Lyft, we believe that ride by ride, were changing the way our world works. We imagine a world where cities feel small again. Where transportation and tech bring people together, instead of apart. We see the future as community-driven — and it starts with you.
As a Systems and Tools program manager, you will be responsible for owning a portion of the sales systems and tools ecosystem for all of Lyft Business and Lyft Media, including customizing  tools, optimizing or deprecating existing systems andor tools, and proactively seeking new tools or functionality to increase sales productivity. This role requires working closely with multiple cross functional teams that own security, compliance, procurement, and engineering.  It requires a strong operations andor technical tools background, experience working in a matrix environment, ability to prioritize amongst multiple teams, strong understanding of the sales systems and tools competitive landscape, and strong stakeholder management. The ideal candidate will be passionate about Lyft and its ecosystem, possess a relentless curiosity and excel at converting ideas into action.
This role will be based in the SF-HQ office.
Responsibilities:

End-to-end ownership of specific tools within the ecosystem including relationship owner with vendor, negotiation partner with procurement, technical implementation and coordination with engineering for execution ensuring all necessary IT requirements are met and tools are launched on time within budget leveraging our internal Program Management team.
Function as the first escalation point for end user bugs, user errors, Salesforce Admin, etc., by proactively monitoring and engaging in Slack and Jira.
Proactively looks for opportunities to optimize or deprecate existing tools, enhance or improve customer service, take advantage of new functionality and maintain and troubleshoot existing systems and tools.
Assist in budgeting for systems and tools for Sales Ops, responsible for sticking to a set budget, gathering vendor contractual details, and escalating any payment process issues.
Responsible for ongoing market research, extensive industry knowledge and understanding of the sales systems and tools competitive landscape to allow for proactive systems and tools development, reassessment and negotiation.
Collaborates within the Sales Operations team to ensure there is no duplication of efforts, and that all processes builtimplemented in any system are built for long-term, scalable purposes and not short term fixes, wherever possible
Skilled at tailoring communications to a variety of audiences including end users (Sales Leaders and sellers, engineers, internal operations, procurement, legal, finance, etc). Responsible for not only getting buy-in and alignment on our tools ecosystem but also for ensuring systems and tools escalation paths are in place and are being reinforced.
Using data to drive insights and recommendations into new features, designs, and user experiences by reporting out on key metrics (CSAT, Utilization, etc). 

 Experience  Skills:

2 years experience in operations, Sales Ops experience a plus
Ability to work with a diverse range of people in a fast-paced environment including highly technical and non technical stakeholders including engineering, legal, finance, procurement, etc.
Experience with Salesforce development, including ability to hone in on logical updates to flows and apex that can improve overall functionality.
Experience with other range of sales tools and systems including sequencing tools (Outreach), CLMs (Ironclad), sales prospecting  enrichment (ZoomInfo, Winmo), lead routing (LeanData), and CRM (Salesforce)
Well versed in google suite (docs, sheets, slides)
Experience in building, launching and scaling tool implementations
Adept at maintaining positive stakeholder relationships while making and communicating tough decisions
Ability to manage work and problem solve autonomously
Start-up in B2BSaaS experience preferred
Familiar with Media Impression Audit and Ad Server tools a plus

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 62,730 - 85,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.