
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
We care deeply about delivering the best transportation experience; this means the best experience for the rider and the best experience for the driver. We believe this quality of service can only be achieved with a deep understanding of our world, our cities, our streets how they evolve, how they breathe. 
Interns work side-by-side with top engineers in the industry while having autonomy from the get-go. They contribute to user-facing products and are able to see their work go live quickly. Lyft fosters a collaborative environment in the office, so theres always a sharp mind eager to hear about your next idea. 

Youre an enthusiastic and aspiring app developer looking to take your skills to the next level by joining our iOS team as an intern
Our app is used by millions of people, and we take great pride in our work. This means excellent development practices, careful code architecture, and an organization built around rapid releases
Our codebase is written entirely in Swift with modern design patterns and coding standards



Responsibilities:

Own your project, while checking in with other team members throughout the day with questions and updates
You leave the code in a better state than when you found it (progressive refactor)
You value reliability, ensured by testing (unit, integration and load tests)
Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and distribute knowledge
Continuous integration and deployment
Go home knowing that your work today is meaningfully improving the lives of every Lyft driver and every Lyft rider!

Experience:

Currently pursuing a degree in Computer Science or a related field, with a graduation date between December 2024 and June 2025 (required)
Available during Summer 2024 for an internship
Strong knowledge of CS fundamentals
Strong knowledge of Swift
Excellent communication skills
Passion for community, sustainability, andor transportation
Ability to thrive in a startup environment
Experience with real-time technology problems
Contributions to open source projects
Experience working with databases
Experience solving real-time technology problems
Experience with mobile development
Previous work with social networks

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
In addition to holidays, interns receive 2 days paid time off and 3 days sick time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. 
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, and NYC areas is 50-58hour USD. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.
