Technical Program Manager - Central TPM
San Francisco, CA
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyft connects people to transportation to change the way we live and get around our communities. We are looking for Technical Program Managers who bring exceptional technical and analytical skills to drive execution. Come be part of a team at Lyft focused on enabling and empowering engineering teams to deliver at scale.
Technical Program Managers at Lyft drive cross-functional initiatives, leveraging strong leadership, planning, communication, and collaboration skills. Our TPMs are technically strong with software engineering or systems engineering experience. They are problem solvers who make things happen around them by setting clear goals and inspiring teams to deliver. TPMs at Lyft are both strategic and tactical and do what it takes to successfully deliver key programs that have a material impact on the business.
The TPM in this role will be supporting Rideshare, which could include future Rider, Driver, Marketplace and Platform growth; specific Product use cases include Airports and Marketplace efficiency; and Platform areas such as Payments and Mapping. You will collaborate with engineering, product, data science, analytics, and operations on technology programs that enable us to iterate quickly in delighting our riders and drivers.
Responsibilities:

Lead iterative delivery of strategic cross-functional initiatives from concept to ship, through focus, transparency, communication, visibility, and accountability
Leverage deep technical expertise with large-scale, distributed 24x7 production systems to build comprehensive plans, to identify risks, and to ensure smooth project launches with a goal of delighting our passengers and drivers
Partner with engineering, product, and business leadership to build highly collaborative teams and to enhance communication across teams and stakeholders
Identify and resolve systemic issues impacting Lyft engineering and aggressively take action to resolve

 Experience:

Experience leading cross-functional teams to deliver complex projects iteratively with multiple dependencies and constraints, in a highly dynamic and agile environment
Proven ability to operate effectively and autonomously across multiple teams in situations of extreme ambiguity, with only high-level direction
Experience building roadmaps, release plans, project plans with a thorough understanding of dependency management
Able to communicate highly technical problems and solutions at all levels from engineer to partner to C-level executives
Able to influence, negotiate and inspire others in a matrixed environment. Excellent organization, planning skills, and attention to detail
Experience delivering projects in large-scale, distributed production systems and 24x7 production operations
Experience compiling and presenting business  technology options, backed by data  experimentation, to decision makers
At least two years of software engineering, data science, or systems engineering experience  

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
In addition to 11 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Monthly commuter subsidy to cover your transit to work
20 off all Lyft rides

Lyft is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Lyft will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 139,500 - 155,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.
