Software Engineer, Marketplace
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To accomplish this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
The Real Time Supply Management team, in Marketplace, at Lyft is responsible for managing our suite of real time driver earnings products, driving top business goals around financial metrics and marketplace performance. The team develops and improves algorithms to automate the management of our real time earnings products, develops new earnings products, and manages financial performance of these products to manage the growth of the business. 
Lyft is looking for experienced software engineers from a scope of disciplines. We are growing our team with people who want to build, improve and incorporate technologies that make the lives of our community more enriched. As an engineer at Lyft, youll collaborate with teams like product, data science, analytics, and operations on code that empower us to iterate quickly, while focusing on delighting our passengers and drivers.
Responsibilities:

Help establish roadmap and architecture based on technology and our needs
Write well-crafted, well-tested, readable, maintainable code
Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and distribute knowledge
Share your knowledge by giving brown bags, tech talks, and promoting appropriate tech and engineering best practices
Can help lead large projects from idea to positive execution
Unblock, support and communicate with internal partners to achieve results

Experience:

3 years of software engineering industry experience
Experience with object-oriented programming
Experience in distributed systems
Experience working with databases, relational or NoSQL
Write clear, scalable and clear design documentation
Design, build and improve a set of team owned components

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the US is 115,000 - 155,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.