Engineering Manager  SRE, Production Infrastructure
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive and diverse organization.
Our Infrastructure team is passionate about building software to solve problems at massive scale. We do this often, and when we believe our solution is worth sharing with the community, such as Envoy Proxy, we open source our ideas for the benefit of others.
We count on the reliability of our infrastructure to empower Lyft teams to provide our customers rich experiences that are highly available with rock solid performance to ensure our transportation platform continues to connect people and places. As we grow our team we are looking for Engineering Managers that can help us scale our operations while maintaining our infrastructures rock solid performance. Our engineers are smart, flexible, and love solving difficult challenges. They look to their managers for organizational transparency, career development, mentorship, and honest feedback. They move fast and ship code to production continuously, relying on their leadership to increase productivity by removing obstacles and keeping processes lean. Our engineering managers are people with varying technical backgrounds and interests. As managers, it is our job to remain curious and continuously deliver impact by driving our teams technical direction and vision. We build teams that are inclusive, helpful, and have a strong sense of ownership for the things they build.
Lyfts Infrastructure teams are responsible for building the foundational systems that engineers rely on in order to build stable, scalable, and efficient services. We build standardized infrastructure that helps software developers move fast, while still providing them with the flexibility they need to innovate within their teams. We are looking for experienced leaders to guide these teams as they create an exceptional development experience for all of Lyft. These are high leverage roles, as your work will have a multiplicative effect across Engineering, and contribute directly to Lyfts overall stability.
Responsibilities

Lead SRE teams responsible for maintaining and improving our infrastructure
Balance feature development speed and reliability with service-level objectives
Mentor and guide the professional and technical development of your team members. Help develop their careers, and assign them to projects tailored to their skill levels, personalities, work styles, and professional goals
Build teams that are collaborative, inclusive, and respectful of each other
Provide continuous feedback, address underperformance, and recognize the individual strengths and contributions of your team members
Create plans for prioritizing technical and resourcing challenges in your organization
Maintain a balance between building sustainable, high-impact projects and shipping things quickly
Instill a spirit of continuous improvement in the teams code, architecture, and processes
Work closely with the Lyft recruiting team to hire high potential candidates from diverse backgrounds
Work with your engineers and stakeholders to maintain a prioritized backlog and create short term and long term goals
Own your teams deliverables and ensure we continue to ship scalable, highly-available products that delight our passengers and drivers

Required Experience

2 years of experience as an Engineering Manager
You have a technical background and are able to contribute to planning and design discussions
Experience working on teams responsible for maintaining and operating web infrastructure at massive-scale
You are steadfastly focused on your customers, whether they are drivers, passengers, or other Lyft employees
Experience leading a team of engineers and guiding them through their career development
You have built teams and products that scale with the companys evolving needs
You enjoy working in a collaborative environment, and youre committed to driving projects to completion creatively
You have built teams that are motivated and value a strong sense of ownership
Experience guiding teams through planning, prioritization, and execution of work

Benefits:

Extended health and dental coverage options, along with life insurance and disability benefits
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
Access to a Health Care Savings Account
In addition to provincial observed holidays, team members get 15 days paid time off, with an additional day for each year of service 
4 Floating Holidays each calendar year prorated based off of date of hire
10 paid sick days per year regardless of province
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible

Lyft proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft believes that every person has a right to equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, pardoned record of offences, or any other basis protected by applicable law or by Company policy.  Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.  Accommodation for persons with disabilities will be provided upon request in accordance with applicable law during the application and hiring process.  Please contact your recruiter now if you wish to make such a request.
This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule following the establishment of a Lyft office in Toronto — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.