Technical Operations Associate
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To create the best ride for all, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization where all team members are recognized for what they bring. 
Lyft Medias vision is to build the largest transportation media network. We leverage media to elevate the transportation experience for our users while building an exciting and sustainable advertising business. Our assets include several out-of-home (OOH) media units such as rooftop monitors and the largest bikeshare network in the country, while our digital assets include in-car entertainment screens and Lyft in-app sponsorship opportunities.
The Technical Operations Associates role involves more fieldwork and hands-on involvement in new market launches, training, and direct contributions to improving processes and products. This position requires a blend of technical skills, practical knowledge, and the ability to adapt to different market conditions.
Location: San Francisco, California
Responsibilities:

Play a crucial role in new market launches, spending 1-2 weeks in each new location to help set up and ensure a smooth start for the operations there.
Responsible for training local service providers on how to install and troubleshoot both On Car and In Car products. This involves transferring knowledge and expertise to ensure successful installations and efficient issue resolution.
The associate should share insights and challenges encountered during each market launch to contribute to the continuous improvement of future launches.
Provide end-to-end technical support for all of our internal and external partners.
Play a hands-on role in troubleshooting technical issues, investigating errors, and implementing solutions.
Work with the technician team and service providers to identify the root cause of various failure modes to ensure a resolution is found in a timely manner.
Document all failure modes and work with the technician team to implement corrective actions.
Recommends continual improvement in fleet management strategy and processes.
Assist in identifying areas for process improvement and providing feedback to enhance operational efficiency.
Collaborate in product improvement initiatives, including contributing to design and development solutions as needed.

Experience:

Must have knowledge of basic hand tools
Ability to listen and follow directions, strong attention to detail and accuracy 
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Strong organizational skills
Ability to lift up to 70 lbs.
Proficient in G-Suite
Proficiency in Mobile Device Management (MDM) is a requirement for this role, as its essential for managing and maintaining devices effectively.
Knowledge of mechanical and electrical engineering is a significant plus, as it can aid in understanding and troubleshooting technical issues.
Knowledge of CAD (Computer-Aided Design) and 3D design is also a bonus, particularly if it relates to product design and improvement.
Strict adherence to safety standards 
Experience with Retool is preferred
Experience with Android operating systems is preferred

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment  without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 65,025 - 72,250. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.