At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
We are looking for a strategic and experienced Technical Recruiter for a 6 month contract to help us grow our Lyfts Global Tech Recruiting team. Your primary focus will be partnering with our recruiters to add top talent to the top of funnel for our technical roles. You will have the opportunity to recruit on a variety of key roles (Backend, frontend, data science, ML, platform, etc). You should bring a level of critical thinking, grit and polish while embodying our fun, collaborative culture. Working closely with internal stakeholders, you will be critical to creating a seamless recruiting process to help Lyft scale.
Responsibilities:

Manage full-cycle recruiting process for all hiring in Toronto across multiple pipelines, ensuring a seamless, uniform and positive candidate experience
Partner with internal clients to develop sourcing strategy for current and future needs
Innovate on ways to build a talent pipeline and recruit in a variety of venues
Build strong pipeline to source and connect with potential candidates
Source candidates from relevant networks, online and internal databases, employee referrals and passive candidates through networking and research
Work internally with Lyft hiring managers to understand positions and team needs
Negotiate offers by partnering with hiring managers and any relevant stakeholders and working cross-functionally with legal, compensationbenefits, immigration, etc.
Create job descriptions, role profiles, and offer packages based on the position and company requirements

Experience:

Technical recruiting experience, in-house andor agency
Specific experience managing technical pipelines (Mobile, SWE, Data Science or Infrastructure)
Experience sourcing candidates through multiple creative channels (websocialprofessional networks, etc.)
Has built and maintains a broad network of talent
Exposure to high-growth, fast-paced environments

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
This role is work-from-anywhere in Toronto, Canada
The expected range of pay for this position in Toronto, Canada is 35- 45. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.