Senior Marketing Operations Manager
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
The marketing technology team at Lyft owns the tools and processes that enable how we communicate with our 30MM riders and 1.4MM drivers.  We are looking for an experienced marketing technologist to be the solutions consultant for how we enable paid media campaigns across a diverse set of marketing channels, across Lyfts different lines of businesses.  You will work closely with marketers, engineering, data science and third-party vendors to own and administer marketing tools such as our customer data platform, attribution and reporting, data sharing, data enrichment, tag management, web analytics, and mobile measurement. Be at the frontline of building a world-class marketing tech stack at one of the most dynamic companies in the world.
Responsibilities:

Be the solutions consultant that interfaces with internal clients on requests related to marketing partner onboarding, campaign tracking, data sharing with ad platforms, and attributionreporting issues and requests.  Campaigns can range from web to native mobile app, and support acquisition, brand, partnerships, and product marketing. 
Administer and own the governance of marketing tools such as Google Tag Manager, mobile app tracking, web analytics, CDP, spend ingestion, and tracking URL taxonomy. 
Together with Data Engineering, ensure marketing data in downstream reporting tables and dashboards are timely and accurate. 
Be the company expert in marketing technology.  Stay ahead of the curve on industry trends in ads measurement, personalization, (re)targeting, and how privacy will impact how we do marketing.  
Work closely with Marketing, Data Science, Engineering and Product to define the roadmap for marketing enablement tools. Identify improvements in processes and technology to allow for rapid scaling for all paid media campaigns across Lyft.

Experience:

5-7 years of experience working with B2C marketing tools, such as tag management, mobile app tracking, measurementattribution, data enrichment, web analytics, and CDP.
Familiarity with marketing data pipeline (conversion and spend tracking, data ingestion and export), including using SQL to troubleshoot data issues.
Familiarity with both web and mobile app tracking methodologies.
Ability to effectively communicate and work with cross-functional teams including marketers, product managers, engineers and data scientists.  
Great multi-tasking and prioritization skills.

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 168,750 - 187,500. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.