Software Engineer - In Car Ads, Lyft Media
 Location: New York City
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyft is looking for experienced software engineers from a scope of disciplines. We are growing our team with people who want to build, improve and incorporate technologies that make the lives of our community more enriched. As an engineer at Lyft, youll collaborate with teams like product, data science, analytics, and operations on code that empower us to iterate quickly, while focusing on delighting our passengers and drivers.
As a Software Engineer for Lyft Media  you will work on one of Lyfts newest lines of business focused on building the worlds largest transportation media network. We build products that allow brands to engage with our unique audience throughout their transportation journeys. This role is on our In Car Ads team focused on building in-car experiences that promote engagement for riders while delivering business outcomes for advertisers.
Responsibilities:

Help define the roadmap and architecture based on technology and business needs
Write well-crafted, well-tested, readable, maintainable code
Have a good grasp and ability to explain the various tradeoffs made in decisions
Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and distribute knowledge 
Lead projects from idea to positive execution
Incorporate considerations for business context and failure modes in your work
Proactively participate in resolving ongoing incidents 
Unblock, support, effectively communicate, and obtain buy-in across teams to achieve results
Share your knowledge by giving brown bags, tech talks, and evangelizing appropriate tech and engineering best practices

Experience:

BScMSc in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, related field or relevant work experience
5 years of engineering experience working in any of these stacks; Python, GO, Java, etc.
Experience with Linux
Embedded or low level programming a plus
Must have a track record of professional excellence

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected base pay range for this position in the New York is 162,000 - 180,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.