Senior Product Manager, Urban Solutions SaaS
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyft connects people to transportation to change the way we live and get around our communities. Lyft is a world leader in micromobility. We provide the complete system that powers BIXI, and we operate bikeshare in New York (Citi Bike), Chicago (Divvy), San Francisco (Bay Wheels), Portland (Biketown), Boston (BlueBikes), and DC (Capital Bikeshare). Our hardware and software is used in over 45 markets internationally to power bike and scooter systems, increasing our reach beyond the markets we operate directly. 
We are looking for an entrepreneurial and passionate Product Manager to join our Montreal or Longueuil office and work at growing our SaaS business by leading the evolution of products that will support the global expansion of Lyfts bikes and scooters business. Our Quebecian division developed the first automated bikes-share system in America, and continues to work on the platform today that provides state-of-the-art electric bikes and scooters for tens of millions of rides per year, in multiple cities and countries. Our Urban Solutions team product team is focused at bringing the best and most adapted solutions for todays global micromobility needs.
As the Product Manager for Urban Solutions SaaS, you will drive the development of new features on Lyfts full-stack micromobility SaaS, working directly with a dedicated cross-functional tech team and collaborating across the Lyft hardware and software teams. You will work daily with our commercial team to understand, track and shape future opportunities, and ensure we have the right product line up to propose compelling  winning solutions to RFPs and cities. To support our broad existing customer base you will thrive at triaging  prioritizing the most impactful customer requests while proposing the most scalable and reusable solutions. This is an opportunity for international impact working on a fast-developing, city-transforming product with substantial corporate momentum and support.
In this role, you will bring creative, strategic, and analytical skills to drive forward a best in class product. Product management at Lyft leads the integration of engineering, data science, and design to achieve the companys vision for reinventing transportation. The ideal candidate can navigate complex technical topics, strategic problem solving, and team development to deliver business impact. If youre driven, collaborative, resourceful, and can communicate complex ideas with ease, then wed like to talk to you.
Responsibilities 

Lead the long-term vision and strategy for software platform products for our Urban Solutions operators and markets..  
Collaborate with engineering, design, and operations teams to drive the development of the Urban Solutions software product roadmap.
Shape our system software and APIs so that they can be used by external micromobility operators alongside Lyft hardware, to expand Lyfts business.
Lead the development of comprehensive and competitive product proposals that addresses the clients needs and aligns with Lyfts products and services.
Dive deep with your development team, with full understanding and communication of each decision and trade-off you make
Align cross functional partners and teams beyond your immediate development team: Business Development, Rider Experience, Support Platform and Operations to drive a shared vision.
Clearly communicate roadmaps, priorities, experiments, and decisions across a wide spectrum of audiences, from partner teams to executive levels and city partners.

Experience

4 years of product management, working on SaaS, B2G products. 
Experience working with cross-functional engineering teams.
Experience developing new SaaS products and managing existing SaaS roadmaps, for software used for customer facing or operational needs.
Experience of close collaboration with sales partners to help guide sales efforts and inform roadmaps.
Experience at managing a product backlog  requests from a large number of customers or group of users, from the intake to the release phase.
Experience with winning citymunicipal technology RFPs.
Track record of hands-on delivery of impactful features in ambiguous, complex settings. 
SpanishFrenchGerman language skills.
Natural ability to make things happen around you. You manage ambiguity, complexity and interdependencies in an organized and structured way. You are able to define and analyze metrics that inform the success of products
Experience in the customer discovery and product requirement development process
Passion for improving peoples lives through transportation 
Excellent judgment and thoughtfulness about the dynamics of a product ecosystem
Ability to conceptualize, manage and prioritize multiple projects for stakeholders
Detail oriented with superior organizational skills — balancing multiple projects, deadlines, and requests should be second nature to you
Strong communication skills and intuition for communication strategy at every level — within teams, within the company, to users, to press, and other audiences 

Benefits:

Extended health and dental coverage options, along with life insurance and disability benefits
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
Access to a Health Care Savings Account
In addition to provincial observed holidays, team members get 15 days paid time off, with an additional day for each year of service 
4 Floating Holidays each calendar year prorated based off of date of hire
10 paid sick days per year regardless of province
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible

Lyft proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft believes that every person has a right to equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, pardoned record of offences, or any other basis protected by applicable law or by Company policy.  Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.  Accommodation for persons with disabilities will be provided upon request in accordance with applicable law during the application and hiring process.  Please contact your recruiter now if you wish to make such a request.
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
 