At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization. 
We are seeking an experienced and dynamic Vice President of Communications to join our leadership team. In this role youll lead a strong and seasoned team of communications professionals across our Corporate, Product, Consumer, Brand Communications and Social teams. Youll take responsibility for defining our corporate, consumer and tech narratives, bringing new products and services to market, launching new partnerships, finding and telling compelling stories that highlight the progress were making and the impact we have. Youll also act as a trusted counselor to senior leaders across the company. Youll work closely with the CEO and key stakeholders across engineering, operations and marketing, and across the Lyft Marketing  Communications teams. 
The ideal candidate is a strategic thinker with a proven track record in designing and executing comprehensive communication strategies that effectively convey our brand narrative, enhance our reputation, and drive positive engagement with stakeholders, including customers, employees, partners, and the media. You will have a passion for driving change in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. Youll have experience leading a strong team, and working cross functionally across an organization. Youll be just as comfortable working with top tier reporters as you are defining digital and social strategies, or establishing and executing creative partnerships. Youll know how to define success and measure it. 
This senior leadership role presents an opportunity to have a profound impact on an organization going through exciting, transformational times. Youll report directly to the Chief Marketing Officer, and be a key member of the wider executive leadership team. 
Responsibilities:

Exceptional Team Leadership: Nurture and build a senior and diverse team of communications professionals who can drive world class communications programs in support of Lyfts business goals.
Cross-Functional Partnership: with leaders cross functionally  - especially marketing  - to build compelling and strategic communications strategies, campaigns and plans in support of the company overall, our business units, and specific products and services. 
Strategic Communication Planning- Define compelling corporate, consumer and technology narratives that support Lyfts broader narrative and vision.
Media  Public Relations: Work directly with top tier media to help them be successful and ensure they understand Lyfts vision and progress. Drive the development and execution of public relations campaigns to promote brand awareness and manage the companys public image, ensuring consistency with the companys messaging and positioning.
Crisis Management: Develop and implement crisis communication plans, ensuring the company is prepared to address and mitigate potential issues or crises that may arise. 
Executive Communication Support: Provide strategic communication support to senior executives, including preparing speeches, presentations, and other key communications to effectively represent the company in public forums.
Government and Regulatory Affairs: Collaborate with relevant internal teams to manage communication with government entities and regulatory bodies, ensuring compliance and fostering positive relationships with key stakeholders.

Experience:



15 years of Communications experience with a strong background in both corporate and consumer communications. Experience working with technology products and services is helpful. 
A background in working with consumer brands, products or markets where consumer sentiment or attitudes can change quickly, and where you worked to understand social trends and movements. 
Experience working in competitive and dynamic industries that garner significant media attention  
Strong experience shaping and developing narratives that align with the company mission and resonate with audiences.
Proven experience as a trusted communications advisor to senior executives. 
Deep experience building constructive relationships with top tier reporters, editors and influencers.  
Demonstrated experience hiring, mentoring, coaching and retaining a high-performing communications team. You create a culture of excellence through continuous learning, open feedback and customer obsession.



Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of base pay for this position in the San Francisco Bay area is 300,000- 350,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.