At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
We are looking to hire a Marketing Analytics Lead to join our Marketing Analytics team. You will be supporting the Product Marketing team with strategic analysis and measuring campaign impact. In addition to informing strategy, you will navigate the Marketing and Product worlds to understand how marketing efforts shape downstream product engagement and customer behavior. The ideal candidate has a background in strategic analysis and prior experience leveraging data and insights to develop strategy, measuring marketing campaign performance, and connecting marketing  product work to business impact. 
Responsibilities

Perform research and present insights to guide decision-making across the marketing org, including: prioritization across campaigns, optimization of strategies, and target audiences 
Design experiments to test hypotheses and analysis to measure business impact
Define, measure and track key marketing metrics over time, occasionally performing deep dives to understand what drives change in metrics 
Translate insights into a cohesive narrative and present technical information to non-technical stakeholders 
Partner with Marketing, Product, Science, and Lines of Business to ensure analyses are robust and primed to have a direct impact on marketing planning

Experience

Degree (or related work experience) with a focus in analytics, statistics, economics, marketing, or other quantitative fields
3 years experience in strategy, research, consulting or marketing at a tech, media or financial services company; marketing or advertising experience is a plus (but not required)
Proficiency in SQL - able to write structured and efficient queries on large data sets
Experience with AB testing 
Demonstrated data analysis and problem-solving skills
Strong business writing, presentation building  delivery, executive briefings skills
Ability to build relationships with cross-functional stakeholders and drive shared outcomes

Benefits:

Extended health and dental coverage options, along with life insurance and disability benefits
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
Access to a Health Care Savings Account
In addition to provincial observed holidays, team members get 15 days paid time off, with an additional day for each year of service 
4 Floating Holidays each calendar year prorated based off of date of hire
10 paid sick days per year regardless of province
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible

Lyft proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft believes that every person has a right to equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, pardoned record of offences, or any other basis protected by applicable law or by Company policy.  Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.  Accommodation for persons with disabilities will be provided upon request in accordance with applicable law during the application and hiring process.  Please contact your recruiter now if you wish to make such a request.
This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule following the establishment of a Lyft office in Toronto — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.