At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
This position is primarily responsible for facilitating business and legal aspects of producing content at Lyft.Business Affairs generates POs, processes invoices, handles contractsagreements and 3rd-party clearances, estimates talent fees, negotiates licensed music, tracks usage expiration dates, and ensures jobs are actualized and archived. Works closely with Producers, Marketing Program Managers, Creatives, FinanceProcurement, and Legal.  
Responsibilities:

Review creative materials and advise teams on any talent and legal implications and escalate to Lyft counsel as necessary
Prepare talent estimates for production. Advise production on most cost-effective ways  options for hiring talent or securing IP.
Research and negotiate usage rights to third party licensingclearance (image, footage, music, quotes, etc.)
Procure talent - from research on availability and terms, to the final deal memo.  
Process talent payments through session reports, completion of final cast lists, pay and track all talent reuse. Maintain related budget trackers.
Communicate directly with creators and real people talent, to secure releases and issue compensation through third party payroll.
Prepare contracts and SOWs including production contracts, music contracts, talent contracts, agency MSA agreements. Liaise with Lyft legal on redlines as necessary.
Work with internal risk analysts and legal to ensure productions are risk compliant and secure supplemental insurance coverage as necessary.
Additional duties as required.

Requirements:

Combination of agency and in house experience preferred.
Solid knowledge of talent contracts. SAGAFTRA a plus.
Must be client facing
Familiar with legal and clearance issues
Thorough understanding of content production
Excellent communications skills, written and verbal.
Ability to negotiate.
Need to have a problem-solving attitude.
Be organized and able to multitask.
Ability to remain calm during stressful situations while managing urgent deadlines.
Minimum of three years experience in Business Affairs.
BABS Degree preferred.
Knowledge of copyright, trademark, and licensing or advertising law

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 94,500 - 105,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process. 
 