At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Trust and confidence is fundamental to the Lyft marketplace, and the Fraud and Risk Analytics team is charged with providing and ensuring that trust and safety to all customers. The Fraud and Risk Analytics team is one of the most critical teams that helps protect Lyft and enables the company to grow in a sustainable way. The team is fast-paced, high-energy, and meticulous in diagnosing emerging fraud patterns and preventing fraud loss before it can happen. We drill holes in all the products we launch and obsess over how to make our business impervious to fraud vectors. The team conducts a rigorous analysis of complex data sets and sets up multiple layers of business rules, models, and other processes to prevent potential fraud. We are a highly cross-functional team and regularly engage in discussion and reviews with stakeholders to prioritize plans for reducing fraud impact and introducing safety features.
Were looking for a rock-star to join a fast-paced environment to contribute to Fraud-related analysis and operations. This individual is responsible for investigating and developing solutions to prevent and mitigate third party fraud. This person will proactively identify fraud patterns and sources to minimize the companys exposure to financial and reputational risk. The Senior Analyst will take ownership over multiple discrete fraud segments to develop and execute a strategy which addresses fraud in the earliest stages of detection. The Senior Analyst will define fraud prevention measures that are mindful of the impact on good user experience while inhibiting fraud actors ability to reach our platform.
This person is quantitatively driven, detail-focused, and operations-savvy while ensuring the best possible customer experience. This individual possesses a high level of subject matter expertise and is experienced in utilizing information generated from fraud patterns, data analytics and business knowledge to identify insights and formulate a response plan. This person will work closely with Product Managers, Data Scientists and Engineers to mitigate and eliminate all forms of fraud. The individual will also work closely with operations teams to define efficient processes and systems for the fraud and customer support agents to resolve fraud issues quickly and meet organizational service-level objectives.
Responsibilities:

Responsible for the design, development and management of real-time fraud rules and models directly and in collaboration with relevant teams
Analyze business orgs effectiveness by supporting implementation teams within Lyft Business and across the entire company 
Support cross functional teams to build-out critical dashboards and tools to measure effectiveness of payment process, operations and new programs
Collaborate with Product Management, Data Science, Engineering and Operations to resolve identity issues and other escalations
Deliver enhancements to Lyft fraud detection and mitigation, communicate and prioritize development in collaboration with product management and engineering teams
Report overall status, primary business metrics, key issues and solution recommendations and plans to senior management and executives
Establish business cases and projected ROI on investments to prioritize opportunities related to fraud program

Experience:

5-8 years of experience across payment, marketplaces, e-commerce, retail, digital media or financial services industries. Fraud or Identity experience is preferable, especially in the merchant risk domain.
Bachelors degree in a quantitative field or relevant work experience 
Expertise in SQL, SAS, R, Python or other programming language to query data and perform analysis
Have a bias towards action in resolving issues and perform in a high-energy, fast-paced environment
Ability to execute projects independently with minimal oversight
Strong communication skills; Clearly articulate complex analysis through presentations and writing
Ability to prioritize competing projects among departments, history of effectively working with multiple teams to build new capability and implement projects
Effectively manage senior executive asks and provide written and verbal communication to them
Ability to Dive Deep with a structured approach to problem solving
Excellent cross-group collaboration skills, ability to impact and influence outcomes in matrixed environment
Good organizational skills including prioritizing, scheduling, time management, and meeting deadlines

Benefits:

Extended health and dental coverage options, along with life insurance and disability benefits
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
Access to a Health Care Savings Account
In addition to provincial observed holidays, team members get 15 days paid time off, with an additional day for each year of service 
4 Floating Holidays each calendar year prorated based off of date of hire
10 paid sick days per year regardless of province
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible

Lyft proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft believes that every person has a right to equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, pardoned record of offences, or any other basis protected by applicable law or by Company policy.  Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.  Accommodation for persons with disabilities will be provided upon request in accordance with applicable law during the application and hiring process.  Please contact your recruiter now if you wish to make such a request.
This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule following the establishment of a Lyft office in Toronto — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
 