Front Office Operations Specialist
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
The Front Office Operations Specialist is responsible for providing exceptional operational and facilities support, ensuring a comfortable, productive working environment and inclusive, delightful experience for all team members.
You possess a strong ability to prioritize and execute tasks in alignment with the overall goals of the team. You feel comfortable making decisions in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment. You have a growth mindset and know how to stay self-motivated and demonstrate a positive attitude.  You feel empowered to take initiative and lead from your seat. You consistently demonstrate strong verbal and written communication skills.
Responsibilities:

Provide first class customer service for Lyft team members based in and visiting the office
Manage facility related vendor relationships (e.g. janitorial, furniture, foodbeverage, plants, etc.).
Heavily involved in the RFPSOW process for potential vendors alongside Workplace Operations Leadership
Act as the primary point of contact for relationship with property management and landlord; communicating when facility related concerns arise
Coordination of facility maintenancesmall tenant improvement projects as necessary. Work alongside Workplace Operations Manager and other internal stakeholders to complete IT projects
Manage inventory of all Workplace supplies and place orders as needed
Manage Zendesk ticket workflows to field  resolve inbound Workplace requests  inquiries, maintaining SLA and priority ranking; escalating to Workplace Operations Leadership as needed
Manage incoming and outgoing mailshipment process
Partner with PBP, EBPs, and IT teams to assist with onboarding and offboarding tasks for new and departing team members 
Partner with leadership on site to provide facilities support for Lyft events
Pitch in when necessary; supporting all Lyft locations and Workplace Operations team members in a variety of tasks.  No job is too big or too small
Other site specific duties required by the property(s)
Support the Workplace Operations leadership in additional duties as necessary

Experience:

Be aligned with Lyfts Core values: Make it Happen, Uplift Others and Be Yourself
A passion for facilitating an overall positive employee experience through ongoing operational support
3 years of customer service experience
1 years of Office experience
Possess the ability to remain agile and multi-task effectively in a fast paced environment
A passion for managing an overall positive employee experience through ongoing operational support
Strong ability to manage competing priorities and projects
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to build relationships across departments, work collaboratively, and manage conflict constructively including but not limited to emergency situations.
Capable of prioritizing tasksduties as assigned and delegating tasks as needed

Benefits:

Extended health and dental coverage options, along with life insurance and disability benefits
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
Access to a Health Care Savings Account
In addition to provincial observed holidays, team members get 15 days paid time off, with an additional day for each year of service 
4 Floating Holidays each calendar year prorated based off of date of hire
10 paid sick days per year regardless of province
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible

Lyft proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft believes that every person has a right to equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, pardoned record of offences, or any other basis protected by applicable law or by Company policy.  Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.  Accommodation for persons with disabilities will be provided upon request in accordance with applicable law during the application and hiring process.  Please contact your recruiter now if you wish to make such a request.
This role will be in-office M-F, 9-5.