Cloud Security Engineer
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyft connects people to transportation to change the way we live and get around our communities. Lyfts engineering team is growing rapidly, and we are looking for Engineers  with a passion in Security to help us scale. Come be part of the Security team at Lyft focused on enabling and empowering engineering teams to deliver secure services at scale.
Our drivers and passengers entrust Lyft with their personal information and travel details to get where theyre going and expect us to keep that data safe. Lyfts security team leads efforts across the company to ensure our systems are secure and worthy of our users trust.
The security team designs and builds Lyfts security architecture, consults with other teams as they build and launch new products and features, proactively plans for the unexpected, and responds to incidents that occur. Our work affects the entire company and takes place at all levels of the stack, from infrastructure to web application security, as well as mobile apps, IT, and autonomous vehicles. We try to approach security from an engineering standpoint. We believe in scaling security through automation and tooling and we ship frequently. Check out our blog posts at https:eng.lyft.comtaggedsecurity to learn more about some of the things weve built.
The Cloud Security teams  mission is to improve Lyfts maturity and protect our employees, partners, and intellectual property by architecting and executing on a comprehensive  security model relative to our cloud infrastructure. 
We are seeking a Security Engineer to join our new Cloud Security team! As a Security Engineer, youll help us define milestones and deliver on high impact objectives. This role will perform security reviews, implement detections, remediate findings, implement and enforce least privilege, separation of development environments, secure design, operation, and configuration of our multi-cloud and container environments.
Responsibilities:

Establish and execute a roadmap for secure cloud architecture 
Write readable, efficient, and maintainable code
Promote appropriate tech and engineering best practices
Implement  security protocols to secure Cloud infrastructure and Kubernetes at scale
Drive large projects from inception to implementation
Unblock, support and communicate with internal partners to achieve results
Partner with teams across Lyft on organizational security initiatives
Design and implement cloud security solutions for monitoring, vulnerability remediation, and attack surface analysis and risk reduction
Collaborate with engineering organizations to build inherently cloud architecture solutions
Able to exercise sound judgment and thrive in ambiguous situations 

Experience:

4 years of relevant cyber security experience
Experience with modern programing languages (e.g., Python, Java, Go) and distributed systems
Experience  with one or more major cloud service providers like Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud(GCP), Oracle Cloud, etc
Experience with cloud service architecture, cloud security concepts, and best practices
Experience with Kubernetes and container security
Familiarity with securing and hardening Linux hosts
Able to write clear, scalable and clear design documentation

Benefits:

Pension scheme with 4 employer contribution
Risk and Accidental Death  Dismemberment benefits
Mental health benefits 
Family building benefits
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
30 days for paid time off in addition to 10 observed holidays

Lyft proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft believes that every person has a right to equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, pardoned record of offences, or any other basis protected by applicable law or by Company policy.  Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.  Accommodation for persons with disabilities will be provided upon request in accordance with applicable law during the application and hiring process. Please contact your Recruiter if you wish to make such a request.
This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule following the establishment of a Lyft office in Toronto — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.