Tech Lead - Android, Lyft Media - Mexico
Job Description
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Youre an enthusiastic app developer looking to take your skills to the next level by joining our Android team. We build apps used by millions of people, and we take great pride in our work. This means excellent development practices, careful code architecture, and an organization built around rapid releases. Within the teams, backlog grooming, planning meetings, daily stand-ups, demos and retrospectives keep us agile, and accountable. 
As an Android Software Engineer for Lyft Media  you will work on one of Lyfts newest lines of business focused on building the worlds largest transportation media network. We build products that allow brands to engage with our unique audience throughout their transportation journeys. Lyft Media is rapidly growing and operates as a startup within a large organization. Theres opportunities to build new technologies that will have immediate impact and high-visibility across the company. Its an incredibly exciting time for the business ( we just came out of stealth mode!), so come join us on the ride! 
Responsibilities

Work within our product teams to build exciting features
Help establish roadmap and architecture based on technology and our needs
Write well-crafted, well-tested, readable, maintainable code
Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and distribute knowledge
Implement pixel perfect designs with advanced animations
Implement unit and UI automation tests

Experience

Experience using design and architecture patterns
Understand unit testing
Knowledge of Java, Kotlin or NET
Good sense of usability and product
Generalist engineer experience. Experience building web services, accessing data storages
Experience pursuing side projects or open source projects.
Shipped Android apps, available on Google Play
Advanced English Level

 
 