Senior Data Analyst, PL Management
Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Data and analytics are at the heart of Lyfts products and decision-making. As a member of the Central Market Management team, you will work in a dynamic environment, where we embrace moving quickly to build the worlds best transportation. Senior data analyst leads take on a variety of problems ranging from shaping critical business decisions to prioritizing project roadmaps and identifying investment opportunities. Were looking for a passionate, driven Analytics Lead to take on some of the most interesting and impactful problems in ridesharing.
We are looking for an experienced analyst to lead PL management within the Rideshare Central Management organization.This individual will help manage the profit and loss for Lyfts Rideshare business and work closely with Data Scientist and Analysts in the team to shape Lyfts future investment strategies.
The PL management team sits within the Central Market Management organization and reports through the Head of Rideshare. Our team is heavily cross-functional as we are at the intersection between Product, Engineering, Finance, Data Science, and Operations. Youll own workstreams, analyses, modeling, strategy, and business metrics. We are looking for analytical talent to provide insights and actionable recommendations that will drive impact.
Responsibilities:

Working closely with investment lever teams to recommended strategies in quarter investments 
Lead analyst to lead projects. leveraging analytics and data science to analyze business problems
Guide junior analysts and shape teams road maps and set prioritizations
Partner with Data Scientist and Engineers to improve models and processes
Present findings, recommendations, and results to senior leadership and cross-functional stakeholders

Experience:

Experience in leading high visibility projects and influencing others in a cross-functional team environment
Experience in communicating with and presenting to senior leaders and data storytelling
8 years experience in management consulting, investment firms, strategic data scienceanalytics roles in a technology company, or an equivalent analytical role in a high growth startup
Experience in strategic investment, prioritizing against different projects, and leading teams in deep dive analysis, business metrics, and implementation
MBA a plus

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 150,000 - 167,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.