At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyft connects people to transportation to change the way we live and get around our communities. We are looking for product managers who bring exceptional creative and analytical skills to drive forward a best in class product. Product management at Lyft leads the integration of engineering, data science, and design to achieve the companys vision for reinventing transportation.
As a product manager for Lyft Business, you will work on Lyfts fastest growing and most profitable business unit by enabling companies to provide the worlds best transportation to the people they care about. This role will be focused on leading the Business Administrator team, responsible for the most strategic, cross organization growth initiatives. They will own product interfaces that allow companies to sign up for, launch, support and scale their transportation programs with Lyft .
 
Responsibilities:

Create the capabilities to be able to on-board new enterprise customers fully self-serve, without the assistance of a salesperson.
Own the Lyft Business portal, which allows businesses to set up and launch their transportation programs with Lyft.
Own customer support experiences for business customers.
Drive the integration strategy and implementation for new enterprise channel partnerships.
Drive improvements to the signup-to-activation funnel for business customers.
Build a product roadmap to achieve those goals  lead a core team of engineers, designers, data scientists, and sales account executives to execute it.
Deeply understand the needs and motivations of our business administrator users - to guide product development.
Completely own your teams products, existing or new, from ideation, through development, to launch, growth and maintenance.
Clearly communicate roadmaps, priorities, experiments and decisions across a wide spectrum of audiences from partner teams to executive levels.

Experience:

5 years of experience as a product manager
B2B product management experience is required
Natural leadership  ability to make things happen around you. You manage project ambiguity, complexity and interdependencies in an organized and structured way. Be able to define and analyze metrics that inform the success of products.
Excellent judgment and thoughtfulness about the dynamics of a product ecosystem. 
Strong communication skills and intuition for communication strategy at every level -- within teams, within the company, to users, and other audiences.
Ability to conceptualize, prioritize and lead multiple projects for stakeholders.
Detail oriented with superior organizational skills -- balancing multiple projects, deadlines, and requests should be second nature to you.

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The base salary range for this position in the US is 162,000 - 180,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.