Chief of Staff, Marketing
At Lyft, community is what we are and its what we do. Its what makes us different. To create the best ride for all, we start in our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization where all team members are recognized for what they bring.
Reporting to the Chief Marketing Officer and working alongside the Marketing Leadership Team, the ideal candidate is a master of cross-functional leadership, a practiced decision-maker, determined problem solver, and is highly capable of navigating competing demands and priorities while executing the priorities of the CMO.
The Chief of Staff (CoS) will have an immediate impact on the teams productivity, streamlining strategic initiatives, overseeing executive program management, and communicating objectives within the Marketing Team and between departments across the company. The ideal candidate will have proven experience in a management role, with a special focus on strategic planning, executive-level advising and interdepartmental collaboration.   
The CoS will be responsible for managing annual planning, org performance metrics and executive reporting, internal communications, with oversight of the Marketing budget and headcount, working closely with the Marketing finance, people, operations, and other cross-functional partners.
The CoS must thrive in highly ambiguous environments. Capable of operating at tactical, strategic and operational levels, the CoS regularly handles the oversight of projects that do not neatly fit within the organizational chart or that fall between departmental areas of responsibility. The CoS must be extraordinarily nimble in helping meet timely business needs or gaps in leadership and accountability.
Responsibilities:

Drive alignment around setting strategy, forming a plan with clear goals and asks, executing and monitoring progress, drafting Quarterly Business Reports and taking lead on Annual Planning for the Marketing organization
Help build a successful and healthy organization: review, design, and execute on improvements to org structure, find knowledge and skills gaps and help address them, design optimal workflows, and align internal processes
Build a thorough understanding of product, operations, and strategic needs of the company across all lines of business. Based on this, drive the priorities of the Marketing Leadership Team through weekly meetings, shaping offsites, and identifying opportunities to increase leadership team effectiveness. 
Drive executive business reviews, in partnership with the Chief of Staff to the CEO. 
Communicate priorities, activities, and results to the larger organization, while ensuring deliverables are met. Have a strong pulse and feedback loop on organizational needs
Help facilitate internal communications, both within the Marketing team and the broader Lyft organization
Identify and take on ad-hoc strategic projects - everything from defining new opportunities to executing key initiatives and closing the gaps in business and operations
drive and monitor OKRs and KPIs and executive performance reporting for the organization
Collaborate effectively with cross-departmental executives and staff to execute on key deliverables, initiatives, or to drive alignment across teams and lines of business. 
Work hand in hand with colleagues on the Finance, People, and Operations teams to drive employee satisfaction, recruiting efficiency, headcount allocation, training, facilities, budget management, etc.

Experience:

The ideal candidate has both hands-on experience and a tenured leadership foundation in the following areas: planning  process, strategic andor financial planning, organizational change, communications  strategy execution
10 years of experience, M.B.A. or related advanced degree a plus 
Experience in or fluency with the Marketing function at a high-growth technology company preferred 
Able to comfortably dive into any area of the business or product, understand business needs, and facilitate executive decisions based on changing priorities
Proven ability to track, prioritize, and drive multiple concurrent projects to success. This position is expected to utilize data and metrics to communicate needs with the ease of a business unit owner
Excellent communicator in written and verbal form; ability to work well with executives, and able to lead, facilitate, and influence across multiple levels and multiple functions of an organization
Entrepreneurial, with high tolerance for ambiguity and complexity, and efficient with limited resources
Proven experience designing and leading strategic planning at a hyper-growth company
A good sounding board for others, with low ego, and ability to anticipate the needs of a busy executive and their direct staff
Highest level of integrity and management of confidential information

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 171,000 - 190,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.