At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Our support experiences help millions of drivers and riders, working to resolve their issues so they can quickly get back on the road. We design experiences to keep the promises Lyft makes to our customers and make things right when they go wrong. You will have the chance to design and own support experiences across multiple modes of transportation and truly improve outcomes for our riders and drivers.
Were looking for a senior product designer to advocate and maintain a customer-centric culture within Lyft, and be happy and comfortable in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment. Youll partner with designers, researchers, marketers, and product managers to define and create top-notch experiences. Youre experienced with every step of product development, from brainstorming broad ideas to ensure design quality through launch. Using your full range of interaction, visual, and product thinking skills, you will lead and own core Safety experiences across our product teams.
Responsibilities:

Create industry-leading, data and AI-driven experiences for riders and drivers on Lyfts platform
Problem solve, think big, and explore divergent conceptsideas while understanding how to converge and build iteratively towards your vision.
Plan strategically and think tactically as a partner with product and engineering to define the future of the team.
Influence the shape of the product with research and data while executing design work using high quality wireframes, mockups, user journeys, and cross-platform interactive prototypes.
Advocate for design by sharing your work and presenting cross-functionally, while being able to precisely articulate design rationale.
Inspire the entire team (including your cross-functional) partners by bringing new ideas to the table.
Create a unified, end-to-end experience through close collaboration with team members from across the Product and Marketing Design Teams.

Experience:

6 years of experience working in UX, UI, HCI related field with experience working on web and mobile design
Experience working with a lean team of Engineers, Product Managers and Program Managers
Experience designing innovative products for desktop and mobile
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Experience with user research methods and analysis
Expertise with Figma and other prototyping tools
Excellence in design craft
Ability to work with a low-ego, highly collaborative, cross-functional team
Excited about working in a fast-paced, dynamic startup environment

Even if you dont directly have the skills above, please consider applying. We know talent takes many different shapes.
Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in New York is 162,000 - 180,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.