At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
The Marketplace team at Lyft is responsible for accelerating the growth of the business and for delivering our top businesscompany goals around financial metrics and marketplace performance. The team provides analysis and use cases to support Product teams on building automated tools to manage growth investments. 
We are looking for an analyst to join the Pricing vertical of the Marketplace team that is responsible for working with cross-functional stakeholders to analyze and improve existing product and financial levers leveraged in Lyfts pricing strategy. You will influence existing and future strategy with your data analysis, insights, and visualization to deliver strategic recommendations on experimentation and product improvements. Were looking for a data  process-driven individual who has extraordinary attention to detail and a track record of analytical problem-solving.
Responsibilities:

Develop hypotheses and analytical frameworks for understanding pricing dynamics and market outcomes to recommend action plans.
Drive Pricing and marketplace operations and provide world-class analysis, monitoring and reporting to stakeholders.
Analyze marketplace product  financial levers and provide cross-functional teams with actionable insights on improvements and problem areas.
Be an analytical thought leader, partnering with Science to develop experiments and analytics. 
Operate within Rideshare decision-making frameworks with a critical lens, evaluating areas of improvement and business growth opportunities.
Prepare regular business reviews for leadership, highlighting key areas of focus.
Work with stakeholders and other teams to track, report, and reconcile budget allocation across marketplace programs.
Analyze data, conduct research and synthesize feedback into plans, processes and playbooks.
Roll up your sleeves and get stuff done. No one can be counted on to execute faster or better than you.
Identify opportunities and make them happen.

Experience:

5-7 years of experience in a high growth environment in data, (quantitative) consulting, business strategy andor financial analytics.
Very strong attention to detail, experience developing processes to remove human error.
Proficient in SQL and quantitative analysis, you can deep dive into large amounts of data, draw meaningful insights, dissect business issues and draw actionable conclusions.
Outcome-driven approach to developing recommendations and demonstrated ability to develop a story and execution plan to support our goals and objectives.
Exceptional communication (listening, written, and oral) skills with the ability to present findings and recommendations targeted to the audience in question.
A drive to understand the core issues along with the determination to uncover the solution.
Excels at dealing with ambiguity and change management.

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 150,000 - 167,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.