Mechanical Engineer - Sustaining
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyfts Bikes  Scooters team is developing the future of shared micro-mobility and we are looking for a Sustaining Mechanical Engineer to join our Sustaining Team where they will support the operation and scaling of our come in and help maintain and optimize our existing fleets, through diligent engineering, creative engineering and collaboration the in-operation while development of creative problem solving solutions and collaboration new additions to the product portfolio.
The Sustaining Engineering team provides continuing engineering support for our micromobility fleets which are made up of mechanical bikes, electric bikes, stations, and electric scooters.in-production products. Youll collaborate with cross-functional teams and suppliers, maintain CAD models and documentation, and apply engineering principles throughout the product lifecycle process. Strong communication skills, proficiency in Solidworks, and a BSMS in Mechanical Engineering or equivalent are required. Experience with RCA, DFMDFA, tolerance analysis, and standard manufacturing techniques is also required.
Responsibilities:
This position will be critical in maintaining the fleet, ensuring that our deployed hardware has high up-time, is economical to operate, and is safe for our riders.  You will be responsible for the analysis or and the resolution of field failures, customer issues, and manufacturing concerns for the deployed fleet while maintaining manufacturability, meeting cost targets, and documentation with adherence to all applicable standards.

Work collaboratively with operations to ensure the seamless and successful transition of engineering projects into production
Support the validation process by troubleshooting projects and assisting in ongoing design changes.
Responsible for product design, modification, and fixtures instrumentation to support manufacturing using SolidWorks for product launches.
Responsible for completing tasks on time and within budget.
Take ownership of and investigate the root cause of high priority problems raised through various means and be responsible for ownership of change management for drawings and specifications during the new product launch.
Generate work instructions for the manufacturing of new products using existing equipment, ensuring adherence to internal quality systems.
Drive design decisions by collaborating with product, engineering (EEMEFWSW), reliability, and Operation and Manufacturing  teams
Use analysis to support engineering designs
Lead sustaining and continuous improvement projects from concept through release and into field operations
Work with GSM and Manufacturing teams to vet supply chain and production partners
Prototype; create quick experimental mock-ups and meticulous mechanical models
Lead post-launch sustaining activities intended to support a smooth transition into production while maintaining high quality standards
Develop CAD databases and drawing packages, and drive handoff to manufacturers
Support the build and test product development cycle
Test failure analysis and solution validation to complete successful product development
Conduct field failure analysis and solution evaluation
Act on feedback to learn and grow
Effectively communicate across cross functional teams to achieve results

Experience:

BS or MS degree in Mechanical Engineering or related technical field, and 3 years of related industry experience
Experience in the development of a feature or module of a consumer product 
Strong foundation in mechanical engineering fundamentals, including solid mechanics, electromagnetics, thermodynamics, and knowledge of basic engineering materials and manufacturing processes
Experience in performing tolerance analyses and working through DFM challenges with external vendors to find manufacturable solutions.
Proactive problem solving, with experience in failure analysis, root cause investigation, and DOE creation
Skilled in 3D CAD (Solidworks), Basic GDT knowledge and experience releasing 2D drawings
Experience traveling to manufacturing partners 
Track-record for successfully shipping product and working cross functionally across an organization

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco is 139,000 - 155,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.