At Lyft, we believe that ride by ride, were changing the way our world works. We imagine a world where cities feel small again. Where transportation and tech bring people together, instead of apart. We see the future as community-driven — and it starts with you.
The IT Network Specialist for Lyfts Network Operations team is responsible for maintaining responsibilities related to the day to day operational support of IT. The success of a growing IT organization relies on repeatable, documented, processes and the IT NOC role helps to empower the rest of the team by coordinating and executing on activities related to: in-office network design, build, and testing; taking escalations from the T1 support team, managing 802.1x, ensuring an up-to-date infrastructure, and reviewing and responding to network updown alerts.
You are someone who is comfortable working between teams in IT and with external vendors or ISPs. You are familiar with IT process building and implementation in a large and growing environment. Daily activities may include, but are not limited to coordinating IT Communications, data analysis and reporting, process refinement, customer service, managing stakeholder expectations, and running projects inside of IT.
Responsibilities:

Work within all IT teams to improve, enhance and add value to all cross-department IT processes and procedures
Manage IT projects related to new hardware and software Roll-outs, MA process, and adoption of new technology
Act as one of the technical leads for Lyfts growing IT network infrastructure
Perform day to day support and administration including: installation, configuration, monitoring, documentation, and automation of network infrastructure and corporate systems
Respond to tactical support escalations
Provide continuous review of internal IT network infrastructure
Work with third party vendors, ISPs, etc to support each site or builddecom
Ensure rollouts of new services, or changes to existing services are performed with the experience of the end user in mind and that the user-facing support teams are prepared to support the changes
Work with IT management on setting base metrics for success and deliver regular, weekly metrics updates
Work with business stakeholders to capture business process requirements and design, develop, document and implement processes that drive productivity improvements.
Work within current processes and have a good understanding of business change management techniques in order to drive adoption of new processes
Support and maintain development of clear and consistent IT documentation both internal and external facing

Qualifications:

Direct experience working in a large IT organization and hands on familiarity with IT Process, support practices, and internal organization functions 
Demonstrates effective use of internal tools to develop reports for data analysis 
Strong and effective team player with demonstrated ability to communicate in a virtual team environment
3 years of experience and at least one industry-standard networking certification

Desired Skills:

Designing and building MDFIDF infrastructure
Network equipment from Cisco, Juniper and  or other vendors
Wireless network design, tuning and troubleshooting
Implementing and tuning network and systems security in a large, complex multi-site environment
Strong communication, organization and interpersonal skills.
Familiarity with ticketing and change management systems like Jira, Cherwell, Zendesk, etc.
Comfort using a data-driven approach to decision making and problem solving
Excellent listening skills and the ability to work independently and with a team.
Demonstrate the ability to work with a diverse team to develop and maintain technical solutions to a wide range of complex problems consistent with organizational objectives.
Proven outstanding customer service, influencingnegotiating skills
Strong focus on team and company OKRs, maintaining all necessary deadlines

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the Seattle area is 42 - 46  hr. Pay ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the pay range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process