Software Engineer, Backend
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization. 
The Airports team is part of a mission-critical endeavor that keeps travelers moving smoothly. As an engineer on our team, your role will be essential in making sure drivers and riders enjoy a dependable experience at airports. Youll work hand in hand with various teams across Lyft, fostering collaboration and driving innovation to tackle the unique challenges of the travel and airports industry. Your responsibilities will also involve managing real-time communication with airports, ensuring our technology integrates seamlessly into their operations. Your skills will be the driving force behind enhancing the airport journey for millions.
Responsibilities:

Design, develop, deploy, monitor, operate and maintain existing or new elements of our simulations platform
Help establish roadmap and architecture based on technology and our needs
Write well-crafted, well-tested, readable, maintainable code
Analyze our internal systems and processes and locate areas for improvementautomation
Collaborate with product org stakeholders to address and prioritize custom edge cases
Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and distribute knowledge
Share your knowledge by giving brown bags, tech talks, and promoting appropriate tech and engineering best practices
Can help lead large projects from idea to positive execution
Unblock, support and communicate with internal partners to achieve results

Experience:

3 years of software engineering industry experience with proven track record of impactful work
Experience defining API schemas and developing backend services in a microservices environment
Strong experience with a backend language; extra points for Python or Go
Familiarity with RPC schemas such as Protocol Buffers, gRPC, Avro or Thrift
Familiarity with developing in container-based environment such as Docker and Kubernetes
Take pride in reducing technical debt; your attention to small details and keeping codeconfiguration clean and maintainable is something you value
History of going out of your way to help out your fellow engineer to make them more productive

 
Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco Bay Area is 139,500 - 155,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.