At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
The Developer Environments teams main objective is to build the best tools and platforms to enable Lyft developers to reliably and quickly test changes in a local  integrated environment. We also own mission critical testing platforms at Lyft that ensure that Lyft systems and architecture can handle the load of customer demand during peak events like New Years Eve, as well as catching defects in code before they reach production. Our systems are used Lyft-wide to test new features, catch regressions and generate traffic through a large scale ride simulator. Our teams work directly impacts how rapidly and successfully Lyft engineers can ship their features.
As a Staff Engineer on the Developer Environments team you will be responsible for delivering critical, large scoped projects that will be used by all the software engineers at Lyft. Using your experience, you will drive technical solutions that can help our engineers reliably test their code and identify resiliency gaps in the system well before it can have a customer impact. You will work cross functionally with product team stakeholders and other infrastructure leaders to formulate a roadmap and longer term vision for the team.
We are looking for candidates who are self starters and have a proven track record of delivering large scale software solutions that can solve critical business needs. The candidate should be able to dive deep into any problems with lots of ambiguity and build a technical solution to solve it. They should be willing to work closely with our product teams to gather requirements and take end to end ownership of projects  features and drive it from design to implementation. They should have experience mentoring junior engineers. Any team leadership experience is a plus.
Read more about some of the projects this team has worked on:

https:eng.lyft.comscaling-productivity-on-microservices-at-lyft-part-1-a2f5d9a77813
https:eng.lyft.comscaling-productivity-on-microservices-at-lyft-part-2-optimizing-for-fast-local-development-9f27a98b47ee
https:eng.lyft.comscaling-productivity-on-microservices-at-lyft-part-3-extending-our-envoy-mesh-with-staging-fdaafafca82f
Gating Deploys with Automated Acceptance Tests
How Lyft uses load testing to ensure reliable service during peak events

Responsibilities:

Technical leadership and guidance for a team of about 5-7 people
Design, develop, deploy, monitor, operate and maintain existing or new elements of our testing platform
Help establish roadmap and architecture based on technology and our needs
Write well-crafted, well-tested, readable, maintainable code
Analyze our internal systems and processes and locate areas for improvementautomation.
Collaborate with product org stakeholders to address and prioritize custom edge cases
Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and distribute knowledge
Share your knowledge by giving brown bags, tech talks, and promoting appropriate tech and engineering best practices
Can help lead large projects from idea to positive execution
Unblock, support and communicate with internal partners to achieve results

Experience:

8 years of software engineering industry experience
Experience with object-oriented programming
Experience in large scale distributed systems
Experience working with Python, C andor Go is a plus
Write clear, scalable and clear design documentation
Any teamorg technical leadership experience
Design, build and improve a set of team owned components
Experience Kubernetes and container technologies (e.g. Docker, cri-o, etc) at scale
Experience working in the developer experience or testing space is a plus


Benefits: 

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco Bay Area is 193,000 - 215,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.


 
