At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Since 2020, Lyft Mexico has been building its team and in May 2022, we opened an office in the heart of Mexico City. We have grown to nearly 200 team members across key business areas in the country, and we are looking to continue growing by providing team members with the best work experience.
The Express Drive team at Lyft is responsible for accelerating the growth of the Express Drive program, which offers rental vehicles to drivers who need a vehicle to drive on the Lyft platform, and for delivering our top businesscompany goals around financial metrics and marketplace performance. This teams work includes balancing demand  supply within the marketplace, redesigning the driver onboarding process, mitigating risk across renters, and enhancing the rental experience. 
We are looking for an analyst to join the Express Drive team who will be responsible for conducting analysis, designing  executing AB experiments, and developing recommendations on product enhancements  to collaborate with Product teams and other cross-functional stakeholders to launch new product features and grow the business. You will influence existingfuture strategies and product roadmaps through your data analysis, market insights, and visual comms. Were looking for a data-oriented and process-driven individual who has extraordinary attention to detail and a track record of analytical problem-solving.
Responsibilities:

Leverage data and analytics to provide insights around driver behavior and sentiment; identify  communicate improvement opportunities to enhance the product  key metrics related to driver behavior and financial performance
Design and analyze experiments; communicate results and act on launch decisions
Establish metrics that measure the health of our driver products and driver experience
Develop analytical frameworks and dashboards to monitor business and product performance
Partner with product managers, engineers, and operators to translate analytical insights into decisions and action

Experience:

Experience in an analytics role or equivalent
B.S. in economics, applied math, statistics, engineering or other quantitative fields, M.S. preferred
Proficiency in SQL - able to write structured and efficient queries on large data sets
Demonstrated data analysis and problem-solving skills
Strong business writing, presentation building  delivery, executive briefings skills
Ability to build relationships with cross-functional stakeholders and drive shared outcomes
Experience building models in Excel or Google Sheets
Experience running ABA experiments and working with ETL pipelines a plus

This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule following the establishment of a Lyft office in Mexico City — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.