At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
We are looking for an Executive Business Partner to support our Platform Engineering Team. You will handle the calendar of the executive and coordinate events and meetings for the broader team. You enjoy working in an energetic environment and streamlining hectic days. You are incredibly organized, a true team-player, and able to build strong relationships. You make it happen and youre not afraid to be yourself while uplifting those around you. 
Responsibilities:

Complex calendar management and meeting coordination
Be a team expert and go-to person for business related to your department and executive
Help prepare presentation materials and briefs for team meetings 
Project manage tasks to ensure completion of action items
Keep relevant team members informed and refine communications throughout the company
Assist with booking travel, including airline, hotel booking, and visas
Partner with Office and IT teams to ensure teams have appropriate resources
Budget and expense management 
Plan team building events and keep a pulse on culture and team morale

Experience:

2  years of relevant experience
Excellent communication and collaboration skills
Incredibly detail-oriented with a creative working style 
Can take even the smallest project and run with it to successful completion
Bring a growth mindset to the team
Passion for Lyft and the ridesharing community

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program!

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 94,500- 105,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.