At Lyft, were working to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To make this lofty goal a reality we start from within—creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Were looking for a staff product designer to lead design across large projects encompassing some key new strategies and initiatives cutting across the end-to-end rider experience. Youll partner with designers, engineers, researchers, marketers, data scientists, and product managers to define and create top-notch experiences with riders needs at the center of your work.
Were seeking a candidate who is knowledgeable in every step of product development, from brainstorming, conducting workshops, and influencing strategy  to ensuring design quality through implementation and launch. Using your full range of interaction, visual, and product thinking skills, you will lead and own a core aspect of the rider experience. In this role, youll also be helping to set the standard for high-quality craft across the team through both your active role and as a mentor to other designers on the team 
The Opportunity
At Lyft, our Riders are at the center of everything we make, build and create  and we are working hard to create rich and engaging experiences that fit seamlessly into their day-to-day lives. We believe transportation should be simple, accessible and human, and your role is to partner closely with your cross-functional team to ensure that we are creating Lyft experiences that Riders can easily fall in love with.
You will be helping to both iterate on our core Rider experiences and create new products that help Riders to get out and about in their communities  be it taking a Lyft to the airport to start off an epic holiday, getting out and about town or helping them to get to and from work in ways that are smart, intuitive and easy.
Responsibilities:

Problem solve, think big, and explore divergent conceptsideas while understanding how to converge and build iteratively towards your vision.
Plan strategically and think tactically as a partner with product and engineering to define the future of what we build.
Influence the shape of the product with research and data while executing design work using high quality wireframes, mockups, user journeys, and cross-platform interactive prototypes.
Advocate for design by sharing your work and presenting cross-functionally, while being able to precisely articulate design rationale.
Inspire the entire team (including your cross-functional) partners by bringing new ideas to the table.
Create a unified, end-to-end experience through close collaboration with team members and functions across Lyft.

Experience:

8 years of experience working in Product Design, UX, UI, HCI or related field with experience working on mobile design
Experience working with a team of Engineers, Product Managers and Program Managers
Experience designing innovative products for mobile
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Enjoy working through ambiguities to define a path forward
Experience with user research methods and analysis  and how they translate into design strategy and execution
Expertise with Figma and other prototyping tools
Excellence in design craft
Ability to work with a low-ego, highly collaborative, cross-functional team
Excited about working in a fast-paced, dynamic startup environment

Even if you dont directly have all of the skills above, please consider applying. We know talent takes many different shapes.
Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  







Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.

The expected base pay range for this position in the San Francisco is 193,500 - 215,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.








 