At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyft is seeking a Design Program Manager for our Rider Use Cases  Loyalty team. You will be one of two Design Program Managers across the Rider product space, responsible for the organization, processes, and community of a handful of cross-discipline design pods, working with a multitude of cross-functional partners. You will collaborate closely with design leadership both within the Rider organization, but also for use cases that connect in with the Driver product. In addition, you will work with the Design Ops discipline to scale practices and build community across the broader Product Design organization.
Design Program Managers are strategic partners with design leads, leading and driving the design work forward everyday. Youre passionate about design, and will help develop process and structure around projects within and around the design organization to make it as effective as possible. You will work across teams to shepherd and manage the delivery of design and customer experiences to completion. Youre a strong strategic thinker, you can execute the small tasks well, and you take a creative approach to operational challenges. Youre savvy at connecting the dots, and being a trusted partner to cross functional peers at Lyft. Youll be a leader within the design organization and an advocate for the Product Design team and the design process.
Responsibilities:

Understand the core features and functionality of Lyfts rider and driver product offerings inside out, and work with the team to help set goals and trajectory
Shape, drive and document processes and tools for effective team workflows and collaboration
Create, iterate on, or move process forward for the request and prioritization of product design team work
Support and elevate the quality of design work at a big-picture level (but also be in the weeds when needed)
Partner closely with design leadership to understand the big picture and to improve operational excellence at a larger scale than just within the day-to-day work of design teams 
Use an objective birds eye view on projects to resolve pain points and mitigate tensions. 
Work directly with a multidisciplinary team of designers, researchers, prototypers and animators to ensure projects are scoped properly and executed on time with leader alignment
Collaborate, communicate, and negotiate with product managers, engineers, brand and marketing leads, and stakeholders at all levels across the organization
Own and drive the design project lifecycle from strategic planning, scheduling, requirements gathering, design reviews, delivery and implementation to launch
Scope and define projects strategically with cross functional partners and design team
Lead planning and prioritization with cross-functional teams, balancing multiple inputs and needs
Provide up to date visibility into current projects, team utilization, project health and priorities
Participate in and facilitate design reviews and retros
Collaborate with program management team and design leads with resourcing and team allocation
Manage deliverables in an accurate and timely fashion

Experience:

6-7 years of experience working in relevant design industry—product design andor consultancies—or program management
Passion for user experience and design
Proven ability to manage workflows, project plans and ship high quality design
A big picture approach in helping establish, support, and engage teams, while still managing the details
Great communication skills, written and verbal, with a diverse group of stakeholders
Attention to detail with great organizational skills
Relevant understanding and appreciation of current product design processes and systems
Comfortable with ambiguity and malleable workflows
Strong conflict resolution and negotiation skills
Resilience and equanimity in dealing with change, challenges and adversity
Proactive in seeking opportunities to improve and expand team, personal skills and experience
Nice to have: experience working with remote or dispersed teams

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  








Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 128,230 - 142,500. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.
 







 