At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyft is seeking a sharp, dynamic, and self-motivated attorney to join the Product  Commercial Legal team. Were looking for a counsel to partner with and provide legal guidance to Lyfts own marketing team as well as our growing Lyft Media advertising platform, which provides engaging ad content across digital and out of home (cartop, bike kiosk, car tablet, in app) environments. We are seeking candidates with hands-on experience on legal issues facing advertising and marketing programs and platforms, including issues regarding digital media, consumer protection, brand safety, and marketing and advertising laws, as well as the privacy issues related to these products and initiatives. Familiarity with both B2B and B2C aspects of the digital advertising ecosystem, including a good understanding of what and how various advertising technologies are used, will be fundamental to your role. You will work on complex new initiatives such as advertising campaigns, promotions, offers, platform guidelines, and ad effectiveness measurement and reporting. 
The legal issues youll encounter are cutting edge, revolutionary and always evolving, so it will be up to you to continuously assess and advise using a creative and pragmatic approach. The successful candidate will be skilled at building strong relationships, working in the unknown while balancing legal risks, and comfortable working in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. 
Responsibilities:

Act as primary legal advisor for product and engineering teams, supporting them from design to launch of new features, products, services, programs, and commercial relationships 
Draft and negotiate a variety of legal agreements involving complex partnerships, technology transactions, and advertising-related agreements (such as ad measurement, upfront agreements, IOs)
Help ensure compliance with laws and regulations related to advertising and marketing, including consumer protection laws, spot privacy issues and regulations, manage commercial and contractual issues, and advise on other evolving legal requirements
Advise Lyft Media sales and product teams on ad clearance matters including on ads in highly-regulated content categories (alcohol, gambling, pharmaceuticals, lending, political, etc.) and reviewing marketing, promotion, and publicity content.
Prioritize workload to set goals and meet deadlines in a fluctuating and fast-paced business environment
Collaborate with legal team members to improve processes and ensure business demands are satisfied
Identify areas where Lyfts internal legal processes can be improved to better support the ads and marketing business, and work with internal stakeholders to drive those changes forward
Assist with commercial agreement drafting and negotiations for other projects on an as-needed basis

Experience:

Membership in a state bar with good standing
5 years of experience working in a law firm or in-house legal department
Experience advising on advertising, marketing, and ad platform issues
Deep familiarity with the digital advertising ecosystem and legal issues related to operating an ad platform
Excellent problem-solving capabilities, judgment, communication (written and verbal), and interpersonal skills
Willing and eager to take on new areas of law and unfamiliar issues
Creative yet pragmatic to deliver solutions that support the business
Strong track record of working with commercial agreements and customer facing terms
Ability to think quickly on your feet, convey grace under pressure, and simultaneously manage workstreams, multiple client demands and shifting priorities
Strategic and business-savvy to help balance legal risk while guiding business decisions 
Ability to operate autonomously while being a respectful and responsive team player who is committed to building trust and collaboration among their colleagues 
Good business and legal judgment and a sense of humor

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program



Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the New York area is 198,000 - 220,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.

