At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
The Marketplace team at Lyft is responsible for accelerating the growth of the business and for delivering our top businesscompany goals related to marketplace and business performance.
Within Marketplace, the Decisions  Insights team identifies and develops an understanding of our marketplaces most critical problems  opportunities and creates business  product strategies to address them.  Were looking for an Analytics Lead to drive deep dive business  product analyses and communicate key trends in our data to senior leadership.
The ideal candidate has strong analytical problem solving skills, effective communication skills, and proactively takes ownership of their workstreams.
Responsibilities

Develop hypotheses and analytical frameworks for understanding market dynamics and provide recommendations to senior leadership.
Influence business strategy and product roadmaps through insightful analytics and business modeling. Be an analytical thought leader.
Analyze marketplace product  marketplace trends and provide cross-functional teams with actionable insights on improvements and problem areas.
Evaluating areas of improvement and business growth opportunities within our business.
Work in a fast-paced environment and effectively manage time to deliver business impact in a time-efficient manner
Become an expert in marketplace trends and support weekly reporting for the senior leadership.

Experience

5 years experience in management consulting, strategic data scienceanalytics roles in a technology company, or an equivalent analytical role in a high growth startup
Experience in leading high visibility projects and influencing others in a cross-functional team environment
Experience in communicating with and presenting to senior leaders and data storytelling
Strong ability in building decision making frameworks and data analysis, able to understand business issues, analyze large amounts of data, and draw actionable conclusions
Entrepreneurial self-starter - you naturally take ownership, look for opportunities, and do whatever it takes to drive results

Skills

Ability to independently break down large datasets and synthesize inputs from multiple sources
Ability to think strategically about complex and unstructured business problems, leading to recommendations and action plans
Ability to craft a compelling story and concisely present recommendations across teams and levels including both technical and non-technical audiences
Ability to manage, influence, negotiate, and inspire others in a fast-moving environment
Ability to use data visualization tools to provide actionable insights and reusable frameworks
Strong written and verbal communication skills for internal stakeholders, including senior leadership
Strong product and user experience sense
Excellent organization, planning skills, and attention to detail
Advanced analytical and problem solving skills
Proficiency in SQL

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected base pay range for this position in the  US is 128,000 - 142,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.
 