At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
As a Product Design intern at Lyft, you will be involved at every step of the product development process, from brainstorming broad ideas to ensuring design quality through launch. Using your full range of interaction, visual, and product thinking skills, you will help create an experience for our product teams. Our Design and Research teams live and breathe user-centered process to create the best possible end-to-end experience for millions of riders and drivers daily. We can be scrappy when we need to be, though we are always focused on quality and impact.
As a qualified intern candidate, youll partner with product managers, designers, researchers, engineers, marketers, and sales to define and create top-notch experiences to achieve our vision and business goals. Were looking for someone who is a great communicator, and is able to take a solution from idea to implementation. You uphold a high quality bar and have a strong appreciation for the details. Above all, you approach problems holistically and create elegantly simple solutions to multi-faceted problems.
Lyft fosters a collaborative environment in the office, so theres always a sharp mind eager to hear about your next idea. So whats yours?
Responsibilities:

Problem solve, think big, and explore divergent conceptsideas while understanding how to converge and build iteratively towards your vision
Plan strategically and think tactically as a partner with product and engineering to define the future of the team
Influence the shape of the product with research and data while executing design work using high quality wireframes, mockups, user journeys, and prototypes
Advocate for design by sharing your work and presenting to stakeholders, while being able to precisely articulate design rationale
Inspire the entire team by bringing new ideas to the table
Create a unified, end-to-end experience through close collaboration with team members from across the Product Design teams

Experience:

Currently pursuing B.S. or M.S. in Design related field (UX, UI, HCI), with a graduation date between December 2024 and Summer 2025 (required)
Available during Summer 2024 for an internship
Experience designing on multiple platforms (iOS, Android, Mobile web, Desktop, etc) is a bonus!
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Expertise with Figma and other design and prototyping tools
Excellence in design craft
Ability to work with a low-ego, highly collaborative, cross-functional team
Excited about working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment

Even if you dont meet 100 of the skills above, please consider applying. We know talent takes many different shapes.
Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
In addition to holidays, interns receive 2 days paid time off and 3 days sick time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. 
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, and NYC areas is 52-58hour USD. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.