At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyft connects people to transportation to change the way we live and get around our communities. Lyfts engineering team is growing rapidly, and we are looking for Software Engineers with a passion in Security to help us scale. Come be part of the Security team at Lyft focused on enabling and empowering engineering teams to deliver secure services at scale.
Our drivers and passengers entrust Lyft with their personal information and travel details to get where theyre going and expect us to keep that data safe. Lyfts security team leads efforts across the company to ensure our systems are secure and worthy of our users trust.
The security team designs and builds Lyfts security architecture, consults with other teams as they build and launch new products and features, proactively plans for the unexpected, and responds to incidents that occur. Our work affects the entire company and takes place at all levels of the stack, from infrastructure to web application security, as well as mobile apps, IT, and autonomous vehicles. We try to approach security from a software engineering standpoint. We believe in scaling security through automation and tooling and we ship frequently. Check out our blog posts at https:eng.lyft.comtaggedsecurity to learn more about some of the things weve built.
Were looking for an engineer whos excited about growing and improving security at Lyft by building systems and promoting security throughout the company. Youll play a part in shaping the future of security at Lyft, and your work will have significant impact and visibility.
Responsibilities:

Architect and build services that improve the security of our systems with an eye towards scalability and avoiding unnecessary friction.
Evangelize our shared security responsibility model by collaborating with other Infrastructure teams at Lyft to ensure that our services and workflows are secure by default.
Work on embedding security best practices such as least privilege, isolation, monitoring, authentication and authorization across our infrastructure
Develop critical services that Lyft depends on such as our credential management service that provides secrets to all our services at Lyft.
Provide rich data to engineers at Lyft to drive manual and automated decision making by working on our open-source service Cartography, which shows relationships between our infrastructure assets.
Ensuring least privilege is enforced by improving role-based access control and Identity Access Management for our users and services.

Experience:

Solid experience with a high level programming language (bonus points for experience with Python, Go-lang and shell scripts)
Experience with (or a deep interest in) computer security
When facing a problem thats poorly defined or outside of your expertise, you can quickly learn what you need to dig in, make sense of the problem, and start working towards a solution
Youre a great communicator, and can advocate for your proposals while also empathizing with your teammates goals and priorities
You understand that security work must be prioritized because all teams have finite resources. You have good judgment and a sense of when to compromise and when to hold your ground
Understanding of computer network security or major computer networking protocols (e.g. TCPIP, HTTP, TLS, DNS).
Nice to haves: 

Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) or any other major cloud service provider
Kubernetes and container security and running fleets of endpoints or servers in the cloud.  
Cryptography, PKI, or key distribution
Running multi-tier or distributed web applications at scale


Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the Seattle area is 132,000 - 165,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.