At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive and diverse organization. Our Infrastructure team is passionate about building software to solve problems at massive scale. We do this often, and when we believe our solution is worth sharing with the community, such as Envoy Proxy, we open source our ideas for the benefit of others.
We count on the reliability of our infrastructure to empower Lyft teams to provide our customers rich experiences that are highly available with rock solid performance to ensure our transportation platform continues to connect people and places. As we grow our team, we are seeking experienced Infrastructure Engineer to ensure that as our Infrastructure continues to scale, our platform continues to provide an essential and dependable service that transports millions of people every day. Specifically we are searching for someone who brings fresh perspectives, enjoys collaborating with cross-functional teams in order to continually improve our products and services for our customers.
As a Infrastructure Engineer at Lyft, you will run our Production Infrastructure by monitoring system availability and take a holistic view of our platform health. You will build software and platforms to automate infrastructure platform operations and management. By measuring and monitoring our operations you will seek opportunities to optimize our systems in order to push our platform forward, anticipating our customers needs in order to continually improve the platform. You will provide Lyft partner teams with operational support to help them build robust large scale distributed systems.
Responsibilities:

Maintain and analyze metrics from; operating systems; control planes; and applications to assist in fault detection and performance enhancement
Design, develop and deploy tooling and systems that continually improve the reliability, scalability and efficiency of our platform
Balance feature development speed and reliability with service-level objectives
Operate and improve our Infrastructure using industry best practices and tools
Participate in design and production readiness reviews, platform management and capacity planning ceremonies with cross-functional teams
Document Infrastructure operations process and insights, identify repeatable actions and ruthlessly automate repetitive tasks
Participate in our teams on-call rotations, respond to incidents and support other teams mitigate customer impacting events

Experience:

3 years experience working on teams responsible for software development, automation and systems engineering
Bachelors Degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science or relevant discipline
Ability to create production ready code in one or more high level languages, such as Go Lang, Python, Rust and CC
Experience operating large scale infrastructure in public cloud environments, such as AWS, Google Cloud or Microsoft Azure
Experience operating and monitoring Kubernetes and Envoy Proxy in large Production environment
Experience with distributed storage technologies such as S3, RDS, DynamoDB, Aurora and distributed configuration systems such as Zookeeper and etcd
Experience using monitoring, alerting and logging systems at massive-scale, such as Prometheus, Telegraph and M3
Experience identifying nascent problems, performance bottlenecks and areas for improvement and developing and executing plans to mitigate them

Benefits:

Extended health and dental coverage options, along with life insurance and disability benefits
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
Access to a Health Care Savings Account
In addition to provincial observed holidays, team members get 15 days paid time off, with an additional day for each year of service 
4 Floating Holidays each calendar year prorated based off of date of hire
10 paid sick days per year regardless of province
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible

Lyft proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft believes that every person has a right to equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, pardoned record of offences, or any other basis protected by applicable law or by Company policy.  Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.  Accommodation for persons with disabilities will be provided upon request in accordance with applicable law during the application and hiring process.  Please contact your recruiter now if you wish to make such a request.
This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule following the establishment of a Lyft office in Toronto — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.