At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
The Data Orchestration team within Data Platform is responsible for managing orchestration engines including Airflow and Flyte, which power and accelerate data pipelines and machine learning processes at the scale required by Lyft products. These components support a variety of use cases, including but not limited to Core Dataset, Financial Infra, Pricing, Estimated Time of Arrivals (ETA), and Mapping. The teams clusters host and serve thousands of workflows and over 100,000 executions on a daily basis.
As a Software Engineer, with your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance the platform offerings. Your work will have a major impact on several areas of the business.
We are looking for candidates who are self starters and have a proven track record of delivering software solutions that can solve critical business needs. The candidate should be able to dive deep into any problems with lots of ambiguity and build a technical solution to solve it. They should be willing to take ownership of a project or a feature and be able to drive it from design to implementation.
Responsibilities:

Design, develop, deploy, monitor, operate and maintain existing or new elements of our platform
Help establish roadmap and architecture based on technology and our needs
Write well-crafted, well-tested, readable, maintainable code
Analyze our internal systems and processes and locate areas for improvementautomation
Collaborate with product org stakeholders to address and prioritize custom edge cases
Help lead large projects from inception to positive execution
Unblock, support and communicate with internal partners to achieve results

Experience:

3 years of software engineering industry experience and with data structuresalgorithms
2 years of experience building and developing large-scale infrastructure, distributed systems or networks, andor experience with data infrastructure
Experience working with kubernetes and container technologies (e.g. Docker, cri-o, etc)
Familiar with a cloud-based environments such as AWSGCPAzure

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
Candidates for this role must be based in the Seattle metro area.
The expected range of pay for this position in the Seattle area is 103,785 - 165,600. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.