At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
We care deeply about delivering the best transportation experience; this means the best experience for the passenger and the best experience for the driver. We believe this quality of service can only be achieved with a deep understanding of our world, our cities, our streets how they evolve, how they breathe. 
Interns work side-by-side with top engineers in the industry while having autonomy from the get-go. They contribute to user-facing products and are able to see their work go live quickly. Lyft fosters a collaborative environment in the office, so theres always a sharp mind eager to hear about your next idea. So whats yours?
Responsibilities:

Own your project, while checking in with other team members throughout the day with questions and updates
You leave the code in a better state than when you found it (progressive refactor)
You value reliability, ensured by testing (unit, integration and load tests)
Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and distribute knowledge
Continuous integration and deployment
Go home knowing that your work today is meaningfully improving the lives of every Lyft driver and every Lyft passenger!

Experience:

Currently pursuing a degree in Computer Science or a related field from a university in Mexico
Graduating between December 2024 and Summer 2025 (required)
Available during Summer 2024 for a 12 week, 40 hour per week internship 
Strong knowledge of CS fundamentals
Good English communication skills
Strong knowledge of JavaScript, CSS, and HTML
Experience working with modern JavaScript frameworks, like React
Passion for community, sustainability, andor transportation
Ability to thrive in a startup environment
Experience with real-time technology problems
Contributions to open source projects
Experience working with databases
Experience solving real-time technology problems
Previous work with social networks

This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule if an established Lyft Location is available to the region — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. 