Quality Assurance Engineer
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Since 2020, Lyft Mexico has been building its team and in May 2022, we opened an office in the heart of Mexico City. We have grown to nearly 200 team members across key business areas in the country, and we are looking to continue growing by providing team members with the best work experience.
Lyft needs experienced engineers from a breadth of disciplines. Our team has a history of enabling rich and creative features that set the standard for the ride-sharing industry. We constantly innovate and incorporate cutting-edge technologies to make the lives of our community more enriched.
A Quality Assurance (QA) will be responsible for driving testing activities, such as test plan  strategy definition, implementation of test case design techniques to detect positive, negative and corner cases, execute test cases and report results along with issues detected. This is a hands-on position. You will collaborate closely with test automation, product and dev teams.
Responsibilities:

Define and implement test plan by collaborating with the cross-functional team
Participate in test strategy definition along with automation team
Analyze design docs and requirements to define test cases
Implement test case design techniques to define positive, negative and corner cases
Prioritize and identify regression and smoke test cases
Conduct test plan and test cases reviews
Identify and propose ideas to improve testing process
Execution of test cases under different platforms (web, mobile and backend)
Report execution results and provide Sign-off
Report, prioritize and track defects
Perform exploratory testing

Experience:

Strong experience in developing and documenting test plan, test cases and reporting defects
Have experience executing E2E testing and reporting results
Experience with test case design techniques implementation
Have experience with backendservices testing
Have worked on webmobile platform and have a very good understanding of and ability to troubleshoot the testing ecosystem (plus points for mobile experience)
Have significant experience and willingness to work with other teams such as engineering, product and release teams
Are constantly thinking ahead, and building for future changes in an ever-changing ecosystem
Shows a passion for learning, especially through looking at new processes and tools that have significant impact on engineering teams
Experience of prioritizing and coordinating work across a large number of product teams is a plus
Excellent communication skills

This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule if an established Lyft Location is available to the region — Hybrid Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.