UX Researcher
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyft is seeking a User Experience Researcher to join our Lyft team focused on the Rider or Driver experience. Youll partner with Design, Product Management, Data Science, Operations, and Engineering to derive deep insights about our users behaviors and attitudes, and to communicate results and actionable recommendations across the company. Youll think big about new areas, test concepts as they are being developed, and evaluate products and services once theyve rolled out.
You are an excellent communicator and a flexible team player that can thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic working environment. You are also comfortable working closely with passionate cross-functional stakeholders who  care deeply about creating experiences that bring people together.
Responsibilities:

Design and conduct studies across key product areas, utilizing methods such as ethnographicfield research, surveys, concept testing, usability testing, and any other methods you find impactful
Review, analyze, and communicate mixed methods data to generate tactical and strategic insights, as well as actionable recommendations which drive product innovation and design improvements for users
Work with cross-functional partners on product direction based on research findings. Able to follow-up with partners about implementation to understand how findings are being used
Partner with our data science partners to provide qualitative context for their quantitative insights
Find creative and compelling ways to generate, present, and evangelize results and recommendations throughout the company, in order to help cultivate a highly informed, more effective, and more empathetic organization
Define your research roadmap by proposing and triaging research requests from XFN partners, aligning with your team on what is highest priority. Use knowledge of user needs to create empathy for users and build common ground with appropriate stakeholders

Experience:

4 years of experience conducting research, using both qualitative and quantitative methods
Experience researching the end-to-end user experience 
Interest in partnering with teammates to increase understanding of user research
Excellent story-telling abilities and facilitation skills
Ability to communicate and coordinate cross-functionally in order to engage stakeholders from across the organization
Willingness to take initiative, run with projects, and speak up when support and guidance is needed
Undergraduate degree in Human-Computer Interaction, Psychology, Computer Science, Cognitive Science, or a related field OR comparable UX research experience
Bonus Points

Graduate degree in Human-Computer Interaction, Psychology, Computer Science, Cognitive Science, Business or a related field
Fluency in Spanish (verbal and written)
Experience using research to guide product development from seed-to-scale
Design thinking methods and brainstorm facilitation


Benefits:

Extended health and dental coverage options, along with life insurance and disability benefits
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
Access to a Health Care Savings Account
In addition to provincial observed holidays, team members get 15 days paid time off, with an additional day for each year of service 
4 Floating Holidays each calendar year prorated based off of date of hire
10 paid sick days per year regardless of province
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible

Lyft proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft believes that every person has a right to equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, pardoned record of offences, or any other basis protected by applicable law or by Company policy.  Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.  Accommodation for persons with disabilities will be provided upon request in accordance with applicable law during the application and hiring process.  Please contact your recruiter now if you wish to make such a request.
This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule following the establishment of a Lyft office in Toronto — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.