At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyft Medias vision is to build the largest transportation media network. We leverage media to elevate the transportation experience for our users while building an exciting and sustainable advertising business. Our assets include several out-of-home (OOH) media units such as rooftop monitors and the largest bikeshare network in the country, while our digital assets include in-car entertainment screens and Lyft in-app sponsorship opportunities. Our work is fun, challenging, and rewarding and we are looking for a customer-focused team member passionate about solving problems, delighting our agency partners, and winning new business.
As a Digital Account Executive for Lyft Media, you will be the primary point of contact for major advertising agencies and marketing clients. You will have discretion to shape the future of our growing media business while managing the day-to-day sales processes and relationships with advertising agencies.
Responsibilities:

Establish lasting relationships with digital advertising agencies and direct clients
Move Lyft Media conversations upstream to senior decisions makers to drive acceleration around digital media business within In-App and Tablet ad solutions
Create compelling media packages and custom offerings to close new media business
Build and manage sales pipelines while achieving quarterly revenue goals
Work autonomously and independently to seek new sales opportunities, schedule relevant meetings, and cross-sell Lyft Medias suite of advertising offerings
Collaborate cross-functionally with the existing Lyft Media sales team and our external vendors to help outline and unlock new sales opportunities
Accurately forecast and project revenue against existing sales goals

Experience:

5-10 years of relevant business development, sales, andor partnerships experience
Demonstrated success in a closing sales position with Media Agencies and Clients direct
Excellent written, verbal, and presentation skills
Proven track record of exceeding revenue targets and goals
A team-oriented mindset and the ability to work with a wide range of individuals
Demonstrated ability to work independentlyautonomously across all major sales functions
Ability to lead as team continues to grow and evolve
Strong strategic seller with deep customer relationships
Experience successfully scaling a digital advertising business from the ground up
Understanding of tools, solutions, processes, and overall systems within a media sales organization

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
We are currently only reviewing candidates who live in New York City.
The expected range of pay for this position in the US is 105,170 - 142,500. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.