At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyfts Bikes  Scooters team is developing the future of micro-mobility and we are looking for an Electrical Engineer to come in and help drive the development of our newest vehicles and sustain our fleet in operation.
Responsibilities:

Derive technical specifications based on product-level requirements 
Own architecture selection, electrical design, schematic, layout, and validation of electronic PCBAs and multi-component electrical systems.
Support Sourcing and Procurement teams to vet supply chain and production partners
Validate design through functional verification, signal characterization, power modelingtest, and system coexistence testing
Set factory test requirements, assist in software bring up, and travel on-site to the manufacturer to ensure the design is built and tested successfully
Research technologies and scope development opportunities
Communicate cross functionally to to deliver a successful product to market
Lead large projects from idea to positive execution

Experience:

BS or MS degree in Electrical Engineering or related technical field, and 5 years of related industry experience
Experience with embedded systems design, processor selection, various communication protocols (especially CAN, USB, SPI, I2C and UART), analog design, sensor integration, low power design, high power design, and various RF technologies
Experience using eCAD tools for schematic capture, layout, and analysis
Hands-on experience in prototype bring-up and debugging, functional verification and manufacturing support
Ability to be hands-on in the lab and want to be in the details (soldering, oscilloscopes, data acquisition, etc.)
Knowledge of electrical engineering fundamentals, including ability to design and verify circuits in the analog domain
Experience collaborating with a cross-functional team to successfully deliver products to market

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco Bay Area is 162,000 - 180,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.