At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To accomplish this, we start with our community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization. Lyft is a global ecosystem of dynamic workplaces. We have an ambitious goal to strengthen our international presence by growing a life-changing product, and your efforts will play an essential role in our collective success.
We are looking for experienced backend software engineers to join our Payment engineering team. The payment team at Lyft is responsible for ensuring that all our line of businesses which includes Rideshare, Transit Bike Scooter (TBS) and Fleet are able to cost effectively process payments, both, pay-ins and pay-outs. This means processing tens of billions of dollars in customer payments and driver payouts every year. The team also builds platform capabilities to support innovative payment products, some of the recent ones include billing platform, Lyft Cash, Lyft Direct, Subscriptions and several others. Further, the team manages relationships with our 3rd party payment processors, co-brand partners and gift card program. 
Our software engineers will be collaborating with teams in products, data science, payment operations, and external payment partners to design, develop and maintain highly scalable payment services on the cloud.
Responsibilities:

Help establish roadmaps and architecture based on technology and our needs
Write well-crafted, well-tested, readable, maintainable code
Lead large projects from idea to launch
Write documents to communicate system design, launch, and share knowledge
Participate in code reviews and on-call rotations
Unblock, support, and communicate with internal and external partners to achieve results

Experience:

5 years of software engineering industry experience
Proficient in object-oriented programming
Sold knowledge of distributed systems, relational and NoSQL databases. 
Experienced with cloud computing platform
Led a set of components from design to launch 
Ability to communicate in English in writing, meeting and presentations.

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 132,000 - 180,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.