



At Lyft, community is what we are and its what we do. Its what makes us different. To create the best ride for all, we start in our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization where all team members are recognized for what they bring.
Lyft is looking for an Inclusion  Diversity (ID) professional to own the development and execution of communications strategy for ID.   This individual will collaborate with stakeholders across the organization inclusive of internal and external communications, the people team, business partners and Employee Resource Groups (ERGs). They will be responsible for building a ID narrative that aligns to our business objective and furthers our mission, vision and values.  
In addition to ID communications, this individual will also be responsible for supporting our International Regions.  As Lyft continues to build its ID footprint globally, we are looking for an individual who can focus on localization strategies that meet the needs of our international markets.  To be successful in this role, this individual will allocate their efforts as follows:

25 strategy building an marcomms roadmap that signals our commitment to ID internally and externally 
40 execution of marcomms strategy tactics
10 unexpected asks rapid response and change management
25 focus on International ID support 

The ideal candidate is someone who is a self-starter and can own and operationalize strategies while working through ambiguity.  Most importantly, Lyft is about fostering an open, inclusive and diverse community where all team members are recognized for what they bring, and we want you to be you.
The role will report to The Head of Inclusion  Diversity and will be part of our People organization. 
Responsibilities: 
ID Marketing  Communications:

Support the development of our global ID mission and vision
Review and evaluate and update all current ID communications including re-imaging the monthly ID Newsletter 
Build communication plans for key ID initiatives 
Provide organizational ID progress updates
Develop ID editorial calendar in partnership with internal and external comms 
Provide ID communication guidance and support for leaders 
In partnership with TA support our talent brand through ID storytelling and contribution

International ID:

Main point of contact providing consultation support to our international partners 
Develop a localization strategy to ensure ID initiatives are adapted for a global market
Ensure that global communication considerations are addressed 

Experience  Skills:

5 years of experience developing strategy and executing in a communications, or ID role 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Self-starter, independently motivated, ability to work through ambiguity
Experience liaising, influencing and partnering with executives
Keeps abreast of changing ID language 
Ability to demonstrate awareness and understanding of multiple facets of diversity: cultural, ethnic, racial, religious, gender, educational, age, sexual orientation, sexual identity, and other differences that make up Lyft
Global mindset and experience a plus
Strong project management skills to handle complex projects simultaneously





Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 94,500-105,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.