At Lyft, community is what we are and its what we do. Its what makes us different. To create the best ride for all, we start in our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization where all team members are recognized for what they bring.  
Our core corporate functions (Finance, Supply Chain) are critical to Lyfts success.  The health and sustainability of our applications, systems, tooling, and processes are critical for daily operations and for Lyfts ability to grow.  The Business Systems Engineer possesses both business and technical acumen. This engineering role provides support for Lyfts Corporate systems, managing their daily performance and incidents, implementing effective monitoring and alerting tools, creating automated workflows, building customer solutions, developing software, configuring applications, providing end-user training, and protecting all system-related information assets.    
To effectively support our business stakeholders, candidates for this role must be proactive, detail-oriented, highly technical, analytical, service focused and possess the ability to execute the following skills
Responsibilities:

Maintain and document current and new system requirements
Perform Server Administration tasks, including user and group administration, develop and maintain role based access policies, research event logs in order to continually improve service for end users. 
Work with product, engineering and operational business stakeholders to understand and prioritize business systems needs
Monitor infrastructure and platform performance.
Create architectural designs that enhance resilience and promote business continuity.
Manage the deployment of new software, version upgrades, patch releases and major incidents.
Manage development, Test, Release and Production environments in Cloud and dedicated on premise infrastructure.
Identify actionable, value-added optimization and efficiency opportunities, and contribute to the continuous improvement of our applications and processes.
Uphold strict and consistent standards of process documentation.
Manage stakeholder requirements and develop detailed implementation plans
Carry out regular stakeholder meetings, run workshops and effective communication and collaboration sessions.
Carry out technical system audits to ensure compliance with appropriate standards.
Employ agile methodology in the development of software, systems interfaces and application configurations.

Experience:

3- 5 years work experience in IT systems and deep domain knowledge of the associated Business System (Oracle ERP and Oracle SQL knowledge is must and Salesforce, Workday,, Tableau is preferred).
Good understanding of the software development lifecycle and familiarity with the concept of front end, back end and full stack.
Experience of developing plans and project management techniques. 
Proven ability to translate unstructured business problems into clearly defined requirements
Comfortable communicating and empathizing with individuals across a variety of roles — you will need to gather needs from Support business owners, and then articulate those needs to technical partners
Experience transforming data  automating processes using a scripting language like Python.
Proven success in enterprise back-up, system recovery, performance monitoring, virtualization, cloud computing and storage, content delivery, caching, creating volumes, assigning resources and remote replication.
Good knowledge on Oracle EPBCS or Anaplan is a huge plus. 

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco Bay Area is 128,250 - 142,500. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.