At Lyft, were working to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To make this lofty goal a reality we start from within—creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyft Media is Lyfts rapidly growing advertising business focused on building the worlds largest transportation media network. We build products that allow brands to engage with our unique audience throughout their transportation journeys. Our assets include out-of-home (OOH) media units such as rooftop screens and bikeshare ad panels, while our digital assets include in-car screens and in-app ad products.
Were looking for a staff product designer to drive design, product strategy and execution for Lyft Media. Youll partner with product managers, researchers, engineers, marketers, and sales to define and create top-notch experiences to achieve our vision and business goals. Youre experienced with every step of product development, from brainstorming broad ideas to ensuring design quality through launch. Using your full range of interaction, visual, and product thinking skills, you will lead and own core Media experiences.
The Opportunity:

Lead product design for industry-leading advertising experiences for Lyfts customers
Co-lead with talented, empathetic cross-functional partners on research, product strategy, process and execution
Own cross-functional and cross-team efforts to build high value opportunities that uphold Lyfts standards and values across our experiences

Responsibilities:

Problem solve, think big, and explore divergent conceptsideas while understanding how to converge and build iteratively towards your vision.
Plan strategically and think tactically as a partner with product and engineering to define priorities and products.
Influence the shape of the product with research and data while executing design work using high quality wireframes, mockups, user journeys, and cross-platform interactive prototypes.
Advocate for design by sharing your work and presenting cross-functionally, while effectively articulating design rationale.
Inspire the entire team (including  cross-functional partners) by bringing new ideas to the table.
Create a unified, end-to-end experience through close collaboration with Media team members.

Experience:

8 years of experience working in Product Design, UX, UI, or an HCI related field with experience working on web and mobile design at high-growth technology companies with a focus on advertising
Experience working on retail media  commerce media ad networks and products
Experience working with a lean team of Researchers, Engineers, Product Managers, Sales, Marketing and Program Managers
Experience designing innovative products
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Familiarity with user research methods and analysis
Expertise with Figma and other design and prototyping tools
Excellence in design craft
Ability to work with a low-ego, highly collaborative, cross-functional team
Excited and comfortable working in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment

Even if you dont directly have all of the skills above, please consider applying. We know talent takes many different shapes.
Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
In addition to 11 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink -  Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.







The expected base pay range for this position in the New York is 193,500 - 215,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.







 