At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
At Lyft, actuaries are more than risk modelers, they are trusted business advisors, with a key voice in our most important decisions. We partner with many groups across the organization to work on core products. Get ready to deploy your actuarial skills in innovative ways and team up with Engineering, Data Science, Operations, Finance, and Legal to solve complex pricing challenges. Our insurance solutions are evolving and the team is growing. We cant wait to meet you!
Job Description:

End to end oversee and comprehensively manage quarterly reserve study
Evaluate reserving methodologies and improve accuracy of reserves by utilizing both conventional and new, more sophisticated techniques
Support Chief Actuary,  external consultants, FPA, Accounting and auditors in providing timely and accurate analysis, including preparation of executive facing quarterly reports and decks.
Provide comprehensive financial support to cross functional stakeholders in accounting and FPA on key insurance reserve line items 
Responsible for team growth and workflow management
Vision-setting for cross-functional stakeholder collaboration

Job Requirements:

Minimum of 5 years of experience in PC reserving (flexible scheduling during exam preparation and continuing education support for FCAS; we want to be part of your career development!)
A minimum of 2 years of responsible leadership experiences in management or supervisory positions.
Personal or commercial auto insurance experience required
Minimum of bachelor or equivalent degree in Actuarial Science, Math, Statistics, Economics, or similar
Very Strong Excel; experience with SQL and an interest in codingautomation preferred
Great communication and presentation skills
Strong organization and time management skills
Balance attention to detail with fast-pace Lyft environment
Passionate about Lyft and ridesharing
Highly innovative

Benefits:

Extended health and dental coverage options, along with life insurance and disability benefits
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
Access to a Health Care Savings Account
In addition to provincial observed holidays, team members get 15 days paid time off, with an additional day for each year of service 
4 Floating Holidays each calendar year prorated based off of date of hire
10 paid sick days per year regardless of province
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible

Lyft proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft believes that every person has a right to equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, pardoned record of offences, or any other basis protected by applicable law or by Company policy.  Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.  Accommodation for persons with disabilities will be provided upon request in accordance with applicable law during the application and hiring process.  Please contact your recruiter now if you wish to make such a request.
This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule following the establishment of a Lyft office in Toronto — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.