At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyft is hiring an experienced, talented and energetic Corporate Attorney to join our expanding Legal team. You will work on a broad range of corporate, transactional and securities matters and provide effective, business-focused legal advice to stakeholders throughout Lyft on a daily basis.
Our legal work is cutting edge and always evolving so it will be up to you to continuously assess and advise on legal issues using a creative and pragmatic approach. The successful candidate will be an entrepreneurial and resourceful self-starter, comfortable working in a fast-paced and dynamic environment and excellent at building strong relationships. You will report directly to the Senior Director, Corporate  Commercial.
Responsibilities:

Serve as a key driver of a wide range of corporate initiatives, including complex MA, divestitures, strategic investments, joint ventures, corporate and tax structuring, capital markets transactions, financing matters, equity matters, and other strategic corporate projects
Partner closely with Lyfts Corporate Development team and Treasury team as well as advise company leadership and cross-functional stakeholders (e.g. people, accounting, tax, treasury, operations, etc.) on novel corporate legal issues and risks of corporate transactions
Responsible for drafting and negotiating NDAs, LOIsterm sheets and definitive transaction agreements
Shape and improve our legal processes that enable both legal and business functions to scale effectively
Assist other teams with projects on an as-needed basis

Experience:

5 years of experience practicing corporate and securities law, with an emphasis on MA and strategic transactions; experience at a top-tier law firm required; in-house experience at a public company is a strong plus
Degree from top-tier law school
Member of the California bar (or Registered In-House Counsel) in good standing 
Rock solid foundation working on corporate and securities matters; must have experience with the negotiation, process management and strategy underpinning complex buy and sell side MA and related transactions (mergers, asset purchases, spinouts, JVs, partnerships and acqui-hires); cross-border MA experience a plus
Experience assisting with integration process and strategy a plus
Resourceful self-starter with excellent problem-solving capabilities, judgment, communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills
Adept at thinking creatively (and strategically!) on your feet; proven ability to manage complex workloads, multiple stakeholder demands and ever-shifting priorities all while instilling confidence
Sense of humor, positive attitude, and a willingness to dive into new areas

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program



Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 198,000 - 220,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.

