At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Here at Lyft, Data is the only way we make decisions. It is the core of our business, helping us create a transportation experience for our customers and providing insights into our product launch  features effectiveness.
Also, Data is at the heart of the mapping platform at Lyft. We collect and process thousands of terabytes of data from various sources and use it to generate real-time traffic estimations, make correct and efficient routing decisions, and determine better pickup and drop-off locations for our passengers. Making this data accessible and useful to everyone at Lyft requires tackling data infrastructure, data engineering, and computing challenges. And now we are looking for experienced data engineers to join us!
Responsibilities:

Assemble and manage large, complex sets of data that meet non-functional and functional business requirements
Design and evolve data models and data schema based on business and engineering needs
Build and support ETL pipelines using tools like Hive, Airflow, Flyte, and SQL technologies
Implement systems to track data quality and consistency
Build analytical tools that provide insight into key performance metrics across Mapping and Lyft
Work with stakeholders across science, engineering, data infrastructure, product, and our leadership, driving resolving data-related technical problems

Experience:

3 years of experience in software engineering, ideally with a focus on Data EngineeringArchitecture
Ability to work with complex production-quality software
Technical expertise in data infrastructure, cloud computing, storage systems, and distributed computing frameworks in multi-petabyte scale systems
Knowledge of modern datacomputing infrastructure and frameworks.Today we use S3, DynamoDB, Kafka, ElasticSearch, Spark, Flyte, Stackdriver, and SageMaker. We do not expect you to know them all but would like for you to be familiar with some
Openness to new or different ideas, and the ability to evaluate multiple approaches and choose the best one based on fundamental qualities and supporting data
Ability to communicate highly technical problems working along our cross-functional team
Ability to communicate in English fluently in various forms e.g technical document, meetings, presentations

Benefits:

Professional and stable working environment.
The latest technology and equipment you need.
English classes with native speakers.
Potential to work remotely, including out of country (dependent on work authorizations).
28 calendar days for vacation and up to 5 paid days off.
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive and foster parents are all eligible.
Mental health benefits.
Family building benefits.

This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule if an established Lyft Location is available to the region — Hybrid Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.