Lyfts team in Montreal is looking for a Software Engineer in Test to join its TBS LUS Kiosk and Payment Software team. Our goal is to continue the development of both our bike-sharing kiosk station software and our payment service software, improve their reliability and security, evolve their software architecture and improve our user interfaceexperience. 
Interviews and interactions with the other offices in the company will be in English. However, the working environment in Montreal is bilingual. 
Responsibilities:

Build and maintain the payment service automated test framework
Leverage the existing kiosk automated test framework to improve our current test coverage
Participate, with the rest of the team, in the design and architecture of the various test frameworks
Conduct occasional manual tests of the payment service
Write well-crafted, well-tested, readable, maintainable code
Have a good grasp and ability to explain the various trade offs made in decisions
Unblock, support, effectively communicate, and obtain buy-in across teams to achieve results

Experience:

BScMSc in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or related field
2 years of engineering experience as an automated test developer or other relevant work experience
Experience with python
Experience with the pytest framework
Experience with java is an asset
Experience with payment services and payment gateway providers is an asset
Experience with Restful API is an asset
Experience with relational databases and SQL is an asset
Experience with elastic search is an asset
Experience with embedded systems is an asset
Must be fluent in spoken and written English and have a working proficiency in French

Benefits:

Extended health and dental coverage options, along with life insurance and disability benefits
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
Access to a Health Care Savings Account
In addition to provincial observed holidays, team members get 15 days paid time off, with an additional day for each year of service 
4 Floating Holidays each calendar year prorated based off of date of hire
10 paid sick days per year regardless of province
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
And other special benefits related to our own services!

Lyft proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft believes that every person has a right to equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, pardoned record of offenses, or any other basis protected by applicable law or by Company policy. Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Accommodation for persons with disabilities will be provided upon request in accordance with applicable law during the application and hiring process. Please contact your recruiter now if you wish to make such a request.
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.