Product Marketing Manager 
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Were building out the Product Marketing team to support our growing platform. The Product Marketing team partners closely with the Product team to determine the strategic direction and positioning of products, drive GTM strategies when launching new products, and optimize current features to support customer growth, engagement, and retention. 
We are hiring a Product Marketing Manager to lead marketing for Lyfts rideshare modes and offerings and partner with our Product team on portfolio strategy and optimization. Were looking for someone who is passionate about our technology, has a strong orientation around user data, user insights, and market trends, and a track record of successful go-to-market launches. 
Responsibilities:

Be the expert on your products target audiences, the competitive landscape, and the industries with product market fit
Leverage user insights to develop GTM plans, drive product strategy and shape the product roadmap
Work cross-functionally with Product, Design, Engineering, Data Science, Growth Marketing, Comms, Creative and UX Research to drive ongoing product adoption and go-to-market launches
Synthesize user insights and industry trends and leverage that analysis to develop recommendations for marketing and product strategies
Develop marketing strategies and campaigns to help the team achieve adoption and engagement targets
Guide marketing campaign development and provide feedback to continuously raise the bar for the quality of our work
Lead marketing experimentation work to continuously improve the effectiveness of our marketing efforts
Work to understand the impact and learnings from initiatives youre driving, optimizing for the greatest impact on our KPIs and sharing relevant learnings

Experience:

5 years of experience relevant to product marketing
Experience in applying user insights and market trends to inform and optimize the product experience
Analytical thinker with experience in data-driven marketing
Very strong written and verbal communication skills
Thrives in a fast-paced environment with a bias towards action
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to collaborate and work cross-functionally with both analytical and creative teams

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the New York City area is 128,250 - 142,500. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process. 