At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
What we do
We are building and maintaining a highly scalable asynchronous platform that empowers our organization to handle critical business cases. As a software engineering team, our mission is to create robust and innovative solutions that drive the success of our business and deliver unparalleled value to our customers.
We adopt Infrastructure as Code practice to automate the provisioning and configuration of our resources, which helps reduce manual configuration and improve consistency. 
Our team culture is built on collaboration, open communication, and a supportive environment where each members ideas are valued and contributions are recognized. We believe in the importance of fostering a positive workplace culture that inspires innovation and creativity.
Responsibilities:

Design, develop, deploy, monitor, operate and maintain existing or new elements of our platform
Help establish roadmap and architecture based on technology and our needs
Write well-crafted, well-tested, readable, maintainable code
Analyze our internal systems and processes and locate areas for improvementautomation
Collaborate with stakeholders to address and prioritize custom edge cases
Help lead large projects from inception to positive execution
Unblock, support and communicate with internal partners to achieve results

Experience:

You have experience building and developing large-scale infrastructure, distributed systems or networks. Experience with data infrastructure is a bonus.
You have experience developing in Go, Python, or other object-oriented programming languages
You have experience working with a cloud-based environments such as AWSGCPAzure
You take pride in reducing technical debt; you pay attention to small details, and you value keeping codeconfiguration clean and maintainable.

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the Seattle is 149,000 - 165,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.