Firmware Engineer, TBS
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyfts Bikes  Scooters team is developing the future of micro-mobility and we are looking for a Firmware Engineer to help drive the development of our newest vehicles and sustain our fleet in operation. Our active fleet includes state-of-the-art electric bikes and scooters, services tens of millions of rides per year, and is rapidly growing. Our engineers are smart, flexible, and love solving difficult challenges, and were looking for a motivated professional to join the team in San Francisco. 
Responsibilities:

Develop features for embedded systems across our micro-mobility product line (vehicles, docks, internal tools)
Work with cross-functional teams to prototype, develop, and take to production our next generation of world-class mobility products
Work on refinements and updates to to improve the overall experience on existing products 

Experience:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field
Experience developing in CC for embedded systems
Familiarity with using Python for scripting 
Understanding of low-level OS concepts(memory management, scheduling, threads, interrupts)
Experience using an embedded real-time OS (FreeRTOS, ThreadX, etc)
Familiarity with ARM Cortex-M line of processors
Hands-on experience in supporting electrical bring-up and debugging
Strong embedded debugging skills including ability to use debug probes, signal analyzers, oscilloscopes and power analyzers
Experience translating product needs into actionable schedules
Strong communications skills for articulating technical approaches and sharing out risk and progress to non-technical audiences
Strong understanding of distributed systems concepts

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 162,000 - 180,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process.