At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
The Marketplace team at Lyft is responsible for accelerating the growth of the business and for delivering our top businesscompany goals around financial metrics and marketplace performance. The team provides analysis and use cases to support Product teams, build automated tooling, and manage growth investments. 
We are looking for an analyst to join the Central Market Management team and help us grow our market share.  You will work with cross-functional stakeholders to analyze and improve existing product and financial levers leveraged in the marketplace. You will influence growth strategy with your data analysis and competitive insights while getting a ton of executive exposure along the way. You will identify our marketplaces most critical problems  opportunities and create business  product strategies to address them. Were looking for an intellectually curious individual who has extraordinary attention to detail, a track record of analytical problem-solving and skilled communication.
Responsibilities:

Support marketplace operations to provide world-class analysis, forecasting and reporting to stakeholders.
Become an expert in marketplace trends and support weekly reporting structures for the Rideshare organization.
Develop domain-specific subject matter expertise in our lever portfolio and support cross-functional initiatives to improve existing products and develop new ones.
Analyze marketplace product  financial levers and provide cross-functional teams with actionable insights on improvements and problem areas.
Operate within Rideshare decision-making frameworks with a critical lens, evaluating areas of improvement and business growth opportunities.
Prepare regular business reviews for leadership, highlighting key areas of focus.
Work with stakeholders and other teams to track, report, and reconcile budget allocation across marketplace programs.
Analyze data, conduct research and synthesize feedback into plans, processes and playbooks.
Roll up your sleeves and get stuff done. No one can be counted on to execute faster or better than you.
Identify opportunities and make them happen.

Experience:

5 years of experience in a high growth environment in data andor financial analytics.
Very strong attention to detail, experience developing processes to remove human error.
Proficient in SQL and quantitative analysis, you can deep dive into large amounts of data, draw meaningful insights, dissect business issues and draw actionable conclusions.
Outcome-driven approach to developing recommendations and demonstrated ability to develop a story and execution plan to support our goals and objectives.
Exceptional communication (listening, written, and oral) skills with the ability to present findings and recommendations targeted to the audience in question.
A drive to understand the core issues along with the determination to uncover the solution.
Excels at dealing with ambiguity and change management.

Benefits:

Extended health and dental coverage options, along with life insurance and disability benefits
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
Access to a Health Care Savings Account
In addition to provincial observed holidays, team members get 15 days paid time off, with an additional day for each year of service 
4 Floating Holidays each calendar year prorated based off of date of hire
10 paid sick days per year regardless of province
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible

Lyft proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft believes that every person has a right to equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, pardoned record of offences, or any other basis protected by applicable law or by Company policy.  Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.  Accommodation for persons with disabilities will be provided upon request in accordance with applicable law during the application and hiring process.  Please contact your recruiter now if you wish to make such a request.
This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule following the establishment of a Lyft office in Toronto — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.