Marketing Operations Manager II
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
The engagement marketing operations team at Lyft controls a majority of the communication with our 30MM riders and 1.4MM drivers. As an email and communications developer on this team, you will be the liaison between marketing and engineering.  Work directly with Lyfts owned channel communications, provide our customers with the right messaging at the right time, and construct campaigns and audiences alongside some of Lyfts most talented marketers. Come work at one of the most dynamic companies in the world.
Responsibilities:

Drive the end-to-end execution of owned channel communications. Utilize HTMLCSS and best practices to create dynamic and engaging experiences with our owned channels; email, SMS, Push, and in-app using Lyfts proprietary engagement marketing platform.
Execute campaigns with emphasis on audience segmentation. Developmodify owned communications templates; set up, QA, and launch complex marketing campaigns with dynamic content.
Work with marketing stakeholders to understand campaign requirements, leveraging your expert knowledge to provide input on channel strategy, audience segmentation, and experimentation best practices.
Proactively work with teammates to improve the request intake and development process for greater quality and efficiency.
Along with your engagement marketing operations teammates, be the owner of channel health metrics to ensure that were sending the right message to the right audience at the right time.
Follow CAN-SPAM and understand implications.

Experience:

4-6 years of digital marketing experience required, minimum 2 years in communications development and campaign formation.
The ability to commute to one of our headquarter office in San Francisco. This includes working at least 4 hours a day overlapping with the San Francisco time zone.
Intermediate HTMLCSS knowledge and understanding for email marketing.
Understand audience segmentation and targeting. Proficiency in SQL required.
Demonstrated experience in prioritization, with a firm grasp of technical concepts to make trade-offs when making engineering requests.
Knowledge of basic experimentation principles.
Strong verbal and written communications, stakeholder management and project management skills.
A blend of technical, creative and analytical skills with experience working with engineering, design, and data science.

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 139,500 - 155,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process. 
 