At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To accomplish this, we start with our community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization. Lyft is a global ecosystem of dynamic workplaces, and our Canada location is no different. We have an ambitious goal to strengthen our international presence by growing a life-changing product, and your efforts will play an essential role in our collective success.
We are looking for experienced backend software engineers to join our Payment engineering team. The payment team at Lyft is responsible for ensuring that all our line of businesses which includes Rideshare, Transit Bike Scooter (TBS) and Fleet are able to cost effectively process payments, both, pay-ins and pay-outs. This means processing tens of billions of dollars in customer payments and driver payouts every year. The team also builds platform capabilities to support innovative payment products, some of the recent ones include billing platform, Lyft Cash, Lyft Direct, Subscriptions and several others. Further, the team manages relationships with our 3rd party payment processors, co-brand partners and gift card program. 
Our software engineers will be collaborating with teams in products, data science, payment operations, and external payment partners to design, develop and maintain highly scalable payment services on the cloud. 
Responsibilities:

Help establish roadmaps and architecture based on technology and our needs
Write well-crafted, well-tested, readable, maintainable code
Lead large projects from idea to launch
Write documents to communicate system design, launch, and share knowledge
Participate in code reviews and on-call rotations
Unblock, support, and communicate with internal and external partners to achieve results

Experience:

5 years of software engineering industry experience
Proficient in object-oriented programming
Sold knowledge of distributed systems, relational and NoSQL databases. 
Experienced with cloud computing platform
Led a set of components from design to launch 
Ability to communicate in English in writing, meeting and presentations.

Benefits:

Extended health and dental coverage options, along with life insurance and disability benefits
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
Access to a Health Care Savings Account
In addition to provincial observed holidays, team members get 15 days paid time off, with an additional day for each year of service 
4 Floating Holidays each calendar year prorated based off of date of hire
10 paid sick days per year regardless of province
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible

Lyft proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft believes that every person has a right to equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, pardoned record of offences, or any other basis protected by applicable law or by Company policy.  Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.  Accommodation for persons with disabilities will be provided upon request in accordance with applicable law during the application and hiring process.  Please contact your recruiter now if you wish to make such a request.
This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule following the establishment of a Lyft office in Toronto — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.