At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Frontend Engineers at Lyft build and own innovative web applications using advanced JavaScript, React and Sass, with a desire to achieve exceptional design fidelity, usability, accessibility, and performance across both desktop and mobile browsers.
Projects will require close collaboration with other teams and orgs, working closely with creative and product designers, other engineers and stakeholders. These projects may occur simultaneously, so you must be able to juggle multiple concurrent initiatives. We will also expect you to champion sound frontend standards to engineers, designers, and management.
Our company moves at an extremely fast pace and is always evolving. Being adaptable to change is a necessity and so is having a great attitude. 
Responsibilities:

Be part of an inclusive, collaborative team that embraces pairing, healthy discussions and supports each other in their goals.
Collaborate with cross functional teams on new and emerging technologies, determining how they will integrate into current and evolving infrastructure.
Unblock, support and effectively communicate cross functionally in order to achieve results.
Help define the team roadmap and architecture based on technology and business needs.
Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and distribute knowledge.
Go home knowing that your work today is meaningfully improving the lives of every Lyft driver and rider.

Experience:

Must have 6 years of software engineering industry experience.
Tech Leadership background is a huge plus
Advanced knowledge of JavaScript and React.
Solid experience working with NodeJS is a must.
Experience with Python is a huge plus 
Experience working with design systems (e.g. Bootstrap, Salesforce Lightning, GitHub Primer).
Experience with unit, integration, and end-to-end testing.
Experience working cross-functionally with Product and Design.
Good understanding of web performance and how browsers and DOM work.

Benefits:

Health insurance, life and personal accident insurance benefits.
Mental health benefits.
28 days of paid time off in addition to 12 observed holidays.
Family building benefits.
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible.

This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.