Senior Product Manager, Decision Applications
At Lyft, community is what we are and its what we do. Its what makes us different. To create the best ride for all, we start in our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization where all team members are recognized for what they bring.
The Product Management team works closely with our engineers to guide products from conception to launch, and with our business partners to generate profitable revenue streams. You will be responsible for bringing exceptional strategic and analytical skills to define our strategy and lead our execution in this highly cross-functional technological area. Through your leadership, youll bridge technical, business, and operations worlds as you design technologies with creative and prolific engineers, leverage your technical expertise to identify setbacks and roadblocks within a project and generate solutions for resolving them quickly. You will have a bias for action to break down complex problems into steps that drive product development at Lyft speed.
The Senior Product Manager, Decision Applications is responsible for developing a suite of products to speed up our ability to observe, understand, decide and act on the factors affecting our highly dynamic marketplace. 
Youll work with a team of Data Scientists, Engineers, Designers and Analysts to build a suite of products to improve our operational efficiency. This role requires a combination of business acumen, operations savvy as well as product design experience to achieve the outcomes we desire. This is also a high visibility role within the organization and requires excellent communication skills to succeed.
Responsibilities:

Own Lyfts products responsible for impact validation and competitive intelligence
Improve executive decision making through access to data and metrics exploration tools
Ensure accurate and reliable definitions, use cases and state of Lyft metrics
Lead and align cross functional partners and teams: engineers, designers, analysts, marketers, business partners and operations to drive a shared vision
Completely own your teams products, existing or new, from ideation, through development, launch, growth and maintenance
Set goals for the team with clear success metrics that are well aligned with achieving success for your users and Lyft

Experience:

Ideally academic degree or equivalent work experience in finance, statistics or a technical field
Experience creating product roadmaps from conception to launch, driving product vision, defining go-to-market strategy, and leading design discussions
Experience with data, including querying, aggregation, analysis, and visualization
Advanced problem-solving skills with the ability to think creatively to resolve difficult situations with a proven record of follow-through on assigned tasks
Strong cross-functional relationship building with high empathy to understand the needs of other businesses and priorities
Ability to maintain composure in critical situations and clearly communicate with different audiences 
Comfortable in a fast-paced environment, subject to rapid change and innovation

Benefits:

Extended health and dental coverage options, along with life insurance and disability benefits
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
Access to a Health Care Savings Account
In addition to provincial observed holidays, team members get 15 days paid time off, with an additional day for each year of service 
4 Floating Holidays each calendar year prorated based off of date of hire
10 paid sick days per year regardless of province
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible

Lyft proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft believes that every person has a right to equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, pardoned record of offences, or any other basis protected by applicable law or by Company policy.  Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.  Accommodation for persons with disabilities will be provided upon request in accordance with applicable law during the application and hiring process.  Please contact your recruiter now if you wish to make such a request.
This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule following the establishment of a Lyft office in Toronto — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.