Data Scientist, Decisions
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
The Marketplace team at Lyft is responsible for accelerating the growth of the business and for delivering our top businesscompany goals around financial metrics and marketplace performance. The team provides analysis and use cases to support Product teams, build automated tooling, and manage growth investments. 
We are looking for a Data Scientist to join the Central Market Management team to help shape Lyfts products and decision-making.  You will work with cross-functional stakeholders to analyze and improve product and data performance while getting a ton of executive exposure along the way.  You will identify our marketplaces most critical competitive gaps and develop frameworks and pipelines to address them. Were looking for an intellectually curious individual who has extraordinary attention to detail, a track record of analytical problem-solving and skilled communication.
You will report to a Data Science Manager.
Responsibilities:

Leverage data to build analytic frameworks to identify opportunities for growth and efficiency 
Partner with product managers, engineers, and operators to translate analytical insights into decisions and action
Identify trends and patterns in competitive data to inform business decisions
Build data pipelines and develop analytical frameworks to monitor business and product performance
Establish metrics that measure the competitive health of our products, as well as rider and driver experience
Collaborate with product and engineering and communicate findings to stakeholders in a clear and concise manner

Experience:

Degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, economics, applied math, operations research or engineering (advanced degrees preferred), or relevant work experience
3 years of industry experience in a data science or analytics role
Proficiency in SQL - able to write structured and efficient queries on large data sets
Experience in programming, especially with data science and visualization libraries in Python or R
Strong oral and written communication skills, and ability to collaborate with and influence cross-functional partners 

Benefits:

Extended health and dental coverage options, along with life insurance and disability benefits
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
Access to a Health Care Savings Account
In addition to provincial observed holidays, team members get 15 days paid time off, with an additional day for each year of service 
4 Floating Holidays each calendar year prorated based off of date of hire
10 paid sick days per year regardless of province
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible

Lyft proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft believes that every person has a right to equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, ancestry, place of origin, color, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, pardoned record of offenses, or any other basis protected by applicable law or by Company policy.  Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.  Accommodation for persons with disabilities will be provided upon request in accordance with applicable law during the application and hiring process.  Please contact your recruiter now if you wish to make such a request.
This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule following the establishment of a Lyft office in Toronto — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.