Marketing Program Manager
At Lyft, our mission is to improve peoples lives with the worlds best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.
Lyft is looking for a Marketing Program Manager to oversee creative development and go-to-market execution for marketing campaigns spanning brand, product, growth and other marketing functions. This will include end-to-end execution, from briefing to concepting to launch. This role will work cross-functionally across Lyfts Marketing org and other internal teams, as well as with agency partners.
The ideal candidate has been in a creative program manager role in-house or worked on the account management side of an advertising agency, with a strong background in creative development, project management and x-functional partnership. 
Responsibilities:

Drives successful completion of creative deliverables from start to finish by developing comprehensive schedules, setting interim milestones, and proactively monitoring progress to achieve deadlines
Sets and leads check-in meetings to ensure project success whether it be daily stand-ups or weekly check-ins you set the cadence required to empower everyone to work together and share information in a timely manner
Leads communication with the creative team to set expectations, gather information, and keep the right stakeholders informed
Is the center of knowledge for creative programs, taking outstanding notes with clear action items, making timelines visible, and creating structures that facilitate ease in the creative  approval process
Leads problem solving to unlock challenges in the creative process, unlocking barriers, offering multiple solutions to issues, and helping people see a path forward when it seems blocked
Partners with Creative production to ensure creative deliverables are within budget and on time
Works closely with Marketing partner to ensure that time is allocated for reviews, feedback, and ultimate approvals

Experience:

3-5 years relevant work experience in marketing, account, or creative program management, with proven ability to deliver marketing campaigns
Background working with traditional and digital media, with experience managing creative campaigns for social media (organic or paid) strongly preferred
Excellent project management skills  strong attention to detail, with the capability to manage multiple campaigns or priorities simultaneously
Effective communication  stakeholder management skills, both written and verbal
Can-do, positive attitude with a roll-up-your-sleeves approach to getting work done

Benefits:

Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
In addition to 12 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program

Lyft is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  
Starting in September 2023, this role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year. 
The expected range of pay for this position in the San Francisco area is 94,500 - 105,000. Salary ranges are dependent on a variety of factors, including qualifications, experience and geographic location. Range is not inclusive of potential equity offering, bonus or benefits. Your recruiter can share more information about the salary range specific to your working location and other factors during the hiring process. 
 