About MasterControl:
MasterControl Inc. is a leading provider of cloud-based quality and compliance software for life sciences and other regulated industries. Our mission is the same as that of our customers to bring life-changing products to more people sooner. The MasterControl Platform helps organizations digitize, automate and connect quality and compliance processes across the regulated product development life cycle. Over 1,000 companies worldwide rely on MasterControl solutions to achieve new levels of operational excellence across product development, clinical trials, regulatory affairs, quality management, supply chain, manufacturing and post market surveillance. For more information, visit www.mastercontrol.com.
Summary:
MasterControl is seeking a sales executive to develop, grow, and lead a world-class sales organization focused on new logo acquisitions. The VP of New Sales will be charged with developing strategic and tactical plans to achieve revenue growth goals. This includes recruiting and coaching a team of direct report sales leaders and pre-sales development reps. The VP of Sales will work closely with Marketing, Product and Engineering professionals to bring the MasterControl solutions to new customers.
This position is tasked with managing and improving internal sales processes and metrics to ensure the best organizational structure to support a high growth environment. The ideal candidate must provide organizational vision and identify areas for improvement to build on the current success at MasterControl to drive continued growth.
Key Responsibilities:

Lead Regional Sales Leaders and Sales Reps in North America in acquiring new customers for MasterControl.
Drive a multi-product sales structure and solutions strategy to increase annual recurring revenue. 
Develop strategic sales plans and tactics via organization structure, competitive analysis, customer segmentation and penetration plans, as well as thoughtful product positioning to expand MasterControls market presence, market share and lead conversion rates.
Establish annual sales goals and plans by sales region and territories to achieve MasterControls annual growth goal, monitor achievement, identify areas of improvements and take necessary action as needed to ensure sales targets are achieved. 
Develop, monitor, and maintain all Sales KPIs on the various metrics to ensure optimized sales performance and balanced performance compared to established benchmarks.
Assess and upgrade the talentcapabilities of the organization to better enhance long term growth success. 
Sustain and improve repeatable processes, systems and best practices that are required to ensure improved pipeline performance and increased customer acquisition. 
Play a hands-on role with the sales organization, maintain a personal presence and high visibility in the field, and directly participate in customer sales cycles at key accounts.
Apply the highest-leverage activities to identify, negotiate contracts and close major deals with support from corporate counsel and other key executive staff. 
Stay informed on competitive landscape and marketproduct dynamics to share relevant information with prospects and internal product and commercial teams.
Lead and drive a metrics-driven revenue focused organization with consistent revenue goal attainment.

Qualifications:

Sales experience in a technology based B2B Enterprise or upper Mid-Market sales roles with at least 10 years leading sales leaders globally
Bachelors degree required; Graduate degree in a business related field is a plus
A history of building and leading best-in-class sales teams by creating loyalty, trust, and commitment to organizational goals. 
Experience operating a fast-paced, double digit growth environment, ideally from 75M to 200M ARR. 
Outstanding knowledge and successful use of proven sales processes and solution selling strategies and methodologies. 
Strong planning, financial and analytical skills; proven ability to apply these skills with deft business acumen to complex situations with competing priorities. 
Practices a disciplined process for developing talent on an ongoing basis.
Exceptional leadership and management skills.
High attention to detail with ability to remain organized and multi-task, meet established deadlines and monitor project timelines and workflow.
Strong executive presence - interpersonal and effective verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to listen and understand a prospects business challenges.
Ability to work collaboratively within a team environment while maintaining personal accountability for results.
Creative, can-do attitude, pro-active in nature, structured but assertive in style to accelerate delivery of deal cycle.
Ability to adapt in a fast-paced, high-growth tech environment - only constant is change
Strong technical skills in marketing leading commercial software tools (i.e. Salesforce, Clari, Coup, Demand Base, etc.).
Proven track record of guiding and mentoring Sales Reps on strategic solutions selling, resource allocation, account strategy, management and planning.
Experience in SaaS sales related to Quality Management System (QMS) andor Manufacturing Execution Systems (MES) in the Life Sciences industry is a plus.
Willingness to relocate is a plus.

 
 
Why Work Here?WhyWorkAnywhereElse?MasterControl is a place where Exceptional Teams come together to do their best work. In fact, hiring Exceptional Teams is a core value of ours. MasterControl employees are surrounded by intelligent, motivated, and collaborative individuals. We like to call it TheBestTeamOnThePlanet.We work hard to develop and challenge our employees skillsets, recognize their contributions, encourage professional development, and offer a one-of-a-kind culture. This is why we say WhyWorkAnywhereElse?MasterControl could be your next (and last) career move!Here are some of the benefits MasterControl employees enjoy:

 Competitive compensation
 100 medical premium coverage (yes, you read that right!)
 401(k) plan with company match
 Generous PTO packages that increase with tenure
 Schedule flexibility
 Fitness clubs (you get paid to have fun and be active!)
 Company parties and employee recognition programs
 Wellness programs (free Fitbit, gym membership and athletic shoe reimbursements, etc.)
 Onsite physician and massage therapist
 Innovation center and gaming rooms at the office
 Dentalvision plans
 Employer paid life insurance policy
 Much, much more!

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.The US base salary range for this full-time position is 200,000 - 500,000  equity  benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.MasterControl is an Equal Opportunity Employer. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact MCTalentMasterControl.com or call (801) 942-4000 and ask to speak with a member of Human Resources
 