JOB SUMMARY:
The Compliance Engineer is responsible for the implementation, maintenance, and success of all compliance activities within the MasterControl organization through the administration of policies and procedures. This role safeguards the quality standards set for the organization by conducting both internal and external quality audits, managing vendorssuppliers, sub-system document control administration, participating in management review, and facilitating effective training.  The Compliance Engineer participates in improvement initiatives such as quality events, deviations, complaints, and CAPAs.
Additionally, the Compliance Engineer is responsible for ensuring the internal and customer-facing validation products for the MasterControl software are in compliance with quality standards.  This includes reviewing and approving completed validation product test results and evidence.
The Compliance Engineer must have excellent analytical and communication skills to properly plan, execute, and administer these duties. The Compliance Engineer is directly involved in the administration of the full integrated management system.
 
As MasterControl produces QMS software for companies in the Life Sciences and other regulated industries, MasterControl uses its own software to administer its internal integrated management system. This system is audited frequently by clients, notified bodies (ISO), and regulatory entities (such as the FDA).
 
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Ensure compliance with all quality documentation within the organization by partnering with department managers to write SOPs, Work Instructions, and other quality documents for their standardized processes and by initiatingrevising, collaborating, updating, approving, and routing internal procedures.
Liaising between internal departments to ensure quality standards are met and provide suggestions for improvement of quality and best practices.
Participate in facilitation of the electronic employee training system.
Support customers in completing quality audit questionnaires.
Schedule and conducthost customer, prospect, and regulatory compliance and quality audits of MasterControl Solutions, Inc. and provide audit feedback to management.
Participate in and conduct internal audits and submit compliance and quality audit reports to management.
Provide reporting for any potential non-compliance areas and include potential recommendations or root-cause analysis.
Participate in local and cross-sectional improvement activities.
Sub-system administration duties within the MasterControl electronic QMS software.
Assist with quality processes (CAPA, Deviation, Training, Audits, Supplier Management, etc.).
Participate in maintaining a risk-based integrated management system.
Review of MasterControl software validation documentation.
Troubleshoot validation activity issues and provide regulatory level justification documentation.
Provide training for new Compliance department employees regarding software validation activities, as well as other QMS functions.
Enhance compliance and quality across the organization and provide stable performance to customers.
Assist with Compliance department projects and company initiatives.
Other duties as assigned by management.

 
PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS

Ability to operate a computer keyboard and mouse at a desk for extended periods of time.
Communicate effectively in writing, in person, over the telephone and in e-mail.
Ability to work well with people.

 
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:

Strong communication and technical writing skills.
Professional demeanor and positive attitude.
The ability to work with a team but be self-motivated and willing to adjust priorities where needed.
Demonstrate integrity and accountability as the integrated management system is under constant scrutiny.
Experienced with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, etc.) is required.
Regulatory validation creationdocumentation and execution experience.
High level of accuracy and attention to detail.
The ability to quickly learn new software applications.
Experience with MasterControl QMS Software is preferred.
Experience with Quality Management Systems (i.e., ISO 9001 and ISO 27001).
Experience with FedRamp, SOC-2, or other similar certifications is preferred.
Minimum of 2 years experience with relevant work in the Life Science industry.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING:

Bachelors Degree in Communication, Life Sciences, Regulatory Sciences (or equivalent degree or experience) is preferred.

 

Why Work Here?WhyWorkAnywhereElse?MasterControl is a place where Exceptional Teams come together to do their best work. In fact, hiring Exceptional Teams is a core value of ours. MasterControl employees are surrounded by intelligent, motivated, and collaborative individuals. We like to call it TheBestTeamOnThePlanet.We work hard to develop and challenge our employees skillsets, recognize their contributions, encourage professional development, and offer a one-of-a-kind culture. This is why we say WhyWorkAnywhereElse?MasterControl could be your next (and last) career move!Here are some of the benefits MasterControl employees enjoy:

 Competitive compensation
 100 medical premium coverage (yes, you read that right!)
 401(k) plan with company match
 Generous PTO packages that increase with tenure
 Schedule flexibility
 Fitness clubs (you get paid to have fun and be active!)
 Company parties and employee recognition programs
 Wellness programs (free Fitbit, gym membership and athletic shoe reimbursements, etc.)
 Onsite physician and massage therapist
 Innovation center and gaming rooms at the office
 Dentalvision plans
 Employer paid life insurance policy
 Much, much more!

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.The US base salary range for this full-time position is 80,000 - 100,000  equity  benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.MasterControl is an Equal Opportunity Employer. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact MCTalentMasterControl.com or call (801) 942-4000 and ask to speak with a member of Human Resources.
 
 