Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
The success and effectiveness of our engineering teams is the most critical factor in delighting our members with Maven. As a Lead Technical Program Manager, youll use your technical expertise to lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects from start to finish. Youll work with stakeholders to plan requirements, identify risks, manage project schedules, problem solve and communicate clearly with cross-functional partners across the company. Youre equally comfortable explaining your teams analyses and recommendations to executives as you are challenging the technical tradeoffs in product development with engineers. Using your extensive technical and leadership expertise, you manage projects of various size and scope, identifying future opportunities, improving processes and driving the technical directions of your programs.
 
In this role, you will: 

Partner with Product and Engineering leads to define the scope, execution strategy, roadmap, launch schedule, success metrics, resources, timelines, work-streams, and deliverables for new cross-organization initiatives
Drive execution: track and maintain activities, tasks, and milestones through development and delivery; identify and mitigate risks, unblock issues, increase engineering velocity, ensure strong focus on releases and launches, and drive accountability
Drive cross-functional alignment at the portfolio level and manage communications with various stakeholders, including leadership and customers. 
Work on projects like delivering a microservice infrastructure for cross-org use, understanding GDPR implications and driving work across the organization and setting up and driving adoption of a role-based access service 
Start in a player role with the potential to move into a player-coach role with a small team

Minimum Qualifications:  

Bachelors degree in a relevant field, or equivalent practical experience
7 years of experience in program management
2 years experience in Software Engineering, Software Infrastructure Engineering or Security

For candidates in NYC, CA or CO, the salary range for this role is 165,000 - 245,000 per year. You may also be entitled to receive stock options, and benefits. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, and skillset.  
 At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 