Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
Maven is looking to hire an experienced marketer who is passionate about creating a more equitable healthcare system for women and families. This role is ideal for someone with a strong B2C and B2B2C marketing background, a deep understanding of the payer and healthcare landscape, proven ability to cultivate positive partner relationships and a knack for project management. This is an opportunity to have an immediate impact by bringing data-driven marketing strategies to life to drive enrollments through payers and employer groups. 
As Manager of Member Growth Marketing at Maven, you will: 

Be responsible for exceeding member enrollment goals for assigned client accounts by working cross-functionally with Member Growth Marketing, Payer Growth teams and clients directly to execute marketing plans, analyze impact and optimize campaigns
Refine our B2CB2B2C marketing playbooks and toolkits, assess existing programs and identify opportunities to test new strategies 
Support implementation plans for new clients and support activation of integrated member awareness campaigns pre-and-post launch
Foster and maintain relationships with client marketing contacts and lead marketing discussionsstrategy sessions to ensure marketing approach alignment and activation of member comms toolkits
Work with Member Growth Marketing leadership to establish OKRs and track progress
Partner with Sales and Client Success to support upsell opportunities
Work cross-functionally to iterate on our approach to client management, campaign performance analysis and reporting
Work closely with external vendors to manage Maven-driven direct mail and digital marketing campaigns 

Minimum Qualifications:

5 years of experience with B2CB2B2C marketing, including direct client-facing experience
Experience in the healthcare space, ideally working with payers
Highly analytical with a strong mindset for growth
Exceptionally strong organizational and project management skills, with demonstrated experience in managing complex projects
Creative skillset; attention to detail and experience in working with design teams to ensure brand alignment 
Ability to strategically translate research and insights into actionable marketing plans
Excellent verbal and written communication skills including strong presentation skills
Strong business judgment: ability to quickly understand business drivers for Maven clients and effectively communicate Mavens value proposition
Self-directed, entrepreneurial and eager to take ownership

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with Braze or similar email marketing platform
Vendor management experience 
Start-up experience

 
For candidates in NY, CA, or CO the salary range for this role is 108,000 - 130,000 per year. You may also be entitled to receive a bonus, stock options, and benefits. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, and skillset.At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 