Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
Maven is looking for a Network Operations Manager to help manage the day-to-day operations of Mavens fertility network.
As a key member of the Fertility Network Operations team, you will work closely with the product team on key development initiatives. This role will require excellent organization, communication, and internal collaboration. You will also be assisting with transition of care responsibilities, the implementation of new clients and billing and data sharing with our partners. Were looking for someone with previous experience in the fertility space who is passionate about healthcare with A communication, strong organization and interpersonal skills. 
As the Network Operations Manager at Maven, you will: 

Participate in high priority, strategic, cross-functional initiatives
Complete various analyses utilizing Mavens internal databases and external research
Drive the creation of SOPs
Create and own organizational tools to house network documents and resources
Support billing and data sharing issues and escalations
Assist with implementation and transition of care for new clients
Maintain knowledge of industry trends and best practices to apply to operational improvements
Monitor SARTCDC provider outcomes up against our quality qualifications 

Were looking for you to bring:  

5 years of experience in operations 
Fertility industry experience 
Stellar organizational and analytical skill sets with high ExcelGoogle Sheets fluency
Comfort with Business Intelligence tools, such as Looker
Strong, clear verbal and written communication
Demonstrated critical thinking, analytical and problem-solving skills
Demonstrated ability to manage and document complex operational processes
Resourceful, highly organized self-starter with a bias towards action and efficiency
Trusted, team player looking to drive success in a fast-paced, start-up environment
PMP certification a plus 

For candidates in NYC, CO, or CA, the base salary range for this role is 123,000 - 140,000 per year. You will also be entitled to receive stock options and benefits. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, and skillset.At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 