Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
About the Role
As a staff level software engineer at Maven Clinic, you will be responsible for driving the technical vision and roadmap for our Platform and Product Teams. You will lead the design, development, and maintenance of highly scalable, performant, and reliable systems that support the growing opportunities in our product and platform systems. You will work closely with cross-functional teams to ensure the delivery of high-quality products and features that meet the needs of our customers and adhere to Mavens quality standards.
Key Responsibilities

Lead the design, development, and maintenance of highly scalable, performant, and reliable systems that support the growing needs of Mavens platform and backend teams.
Propose, design, develop and implement cloud-based solutions that ensure the agility, flexibility, and scalability of our systems.
Drive technical design discussions and provide guidance to team members on best practices, coding standards, and architecture principles.
Collaborate with and lead cross-functional teams to drive the development of new features and products, ensuring they meet the needs of our customers and adhere to Mavens quality standards.
Mentor and guide and mid-level engineers, helping to develop their technical skills and cultivate a culture of continuous learning and improvement.
Identify and evaluate emerging technologies, tools, and trends that can drive innovation and improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our engineering processes.

Qualifications

Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience.
Minimum of 8 years of experience in backend development and platform architecture, with a proven track record of building highly scalable, performant, and reliable systems.
Experience designing and implementing complex distributed systems, including microservices architecture, containerization, and orchestration.
Strong expertise in developing cloud-based solutions, with hands-on experience in one or more cloud platforms (AWS, Google Cloud, Azure, etc.), including infrastructure as code and serverless architectures.
Proficiency in multiple programming languages (Java, Python, Go, etc.) 
Experience building distributed systems with microservices and relational and nosql databases.
Experience leading technical design discussions and providing guidance on best practices, coding standards, and architecture principles.
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, with a proven ability to deliver high-quality code in a fast-paced environment.
Excellent collaboration and communication skills, with a demonstrated ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams and mentor junior engineers.

At Maven Clinic, we are committed to building a world-class digital healthcare platform that empowers women and families to live healthier and more fulfilling lives. If you are a seasoned engineer with a passion for building scalable, performant, and reliable systems, and want to make a real impact in the world of healthcare, we would love to hear from you.
For candidates in NYC or CO, the salary range for this role is 195,000 - 300,000 per year. You may also be entitled to receive a bonus, stock options, and benefits. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, and skillset.At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 