Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
Maven is looking for a Director, Payment Operations.  Reporting to the VP, Payment Delivery, you will be responsible for leading the team responsible for managing payment related activities for Mavens new Maven Managed Benefit product. You will lead a team that is ultimately responsible for ensuring all services obtained are paid for by the appropriate party and that providers are paid for the services rendered. You will play a critical role in enabling Maven members to access new, fertility related benefits, and in helping de-stress the financial burden that comes with family planning. 
The ideal candidate has experience building out and leading high performing teams that manage complex payments workflows, while ensuring a seamless member experience.  This is a supervisory role with responsibility for reimbursement and collections, accumulation management, and claims, benefits,  appeals. 
As a Director, Payment Operations at Maven, you will:   

Hire, train, and manage a team of professionals focused on administering all financial transactions for the Maven fertility payments product 
Monitor processes to ensure payments are processed accurately and distributed on time to members, providers and other stakeholders 
Develop, implement and oversee strategies related to paying for and administering payment; ensure that each strategy is tailored to the specific benefits and services provided and is compliant and secure 
Oversee systems and technologies used for the payment processing. This includes selecting, implementing, testing and maintaining these platforms to ensure that they scale effectively with the growth of the product line, and can handle the volume, complexity and the origination of the transactions.  
Where appropriate, oversee vendor relationships, negotiate contracts and ensure third parties are meeting performance expectations and SLAs 
Develop operational processes and workflows that enable payment processes; these should take into account any internal and external technology and operational feeds 
Ensure compliance and function as the internal expert on financial regulations, data security standards and compliance requirements; ensure that operations adhere to these regulations to mitigate any legal or financial risk 
Create trainings, policies and guidelines that align employee behavior and communications to fertility payments product guidelines and benefit design  
Develop and manage reporting tools to support operational goals and facilitate quick and accurate decisions  

Qualifications:     

Deep experience in claims, payments, and billing in a healthcare context; specifically in payment operations at a health plan or speciality benefit management company
Strong background prioritizing exceptional service and running processes that ensure a positive member experience, particularly when dealing with complex issues related to payments, pharmaceuticals, etc., 
Extensive understanding of workflow management, operational process development and operational oversight 
Proven track record of building teams, attracting and developing high-performing talent; strong people leader with the ability to mentor a team  
Deep experience with both the build and scale phase of growth, ideally at a digitally forward organization in healthcare, insurance or fin-tech, while maintaining a solutions-mindset: seeks opportunities to say yes before immediately identifying reasons to say no
A data-driven, strategic-thinker and problem-solver who can quickly assess and make decisions and achieve deliverables that will create the biggest impact in a high-growth, evolving environment 
Excellent communicator, both written and verbal, with the ability to communicate with and persuade at all levels across the organization   
Experience at, or working closely with, health plans; can confidently communicate and interact with stakeholders at health plans

For candidates in NYC, CO, or CA, the base salary range for this role is 175,000-215,000 per year. You will also be entitled to receive stock options and benefits. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, and skillset.  At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 