Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
Maven is looking for a highly analytical and experienced Salesforce Engineer who will play a critical role in building and optimizing our growing technology stack. In this role, you will act as a lead partner to our Growth, Finance, Operations, Technology, Data and Leadership teams in designing, managing and improving systems integrations across our technology landscape inline with company priorities. A leading member of our growing Salesforce team, you will partner with existing team members in architecting data patterns with a strong focus on building a data infrastructure to enable reporting on enrollments and revenue via automated reporting, fundamental to company growth. 
Job Responsibilities

Own Salesforce.com development, administration, configuration, and infrastructure management to support day-to-day operations
Lead proactive initiatives to maintain and restructure scalable data models to enable key business processes
Identify, develop and maintain system integrations between Salesforce, go-to-market and finance systems applications to drive automation and streamlined workflow execution
Partner closely with leadership on key initiatives identified in the business to ensure compliance from an audit perspective
Develop system governance and design that adapts to speed of a high-growth business 
Own (requirements gathering, scoping, design, develop, test, deploy) core system changes to Salesforce and related system integrations
Act as escalation point for technical issues 

Who You Are

You are a certified Salesforce developer with Apex coding and Lightning experience
You have experience in business systems administration with at least 6 years in Salesforce
You have experience managing system integrations with GTM technologies like CPQ, Hubspot, Salesloft (or other Sales Automation tools), and enrichment providers (6sense)
Youre intellectually curious and act as consultative technical expert who partners with cross-functional stakeholders to define, scope and deliver solutions aligned to business needs 
You have a strong understanding of quote to cash process including opportunity and contract order management
You have experience supporting international and multi-currency environments, integrations with billings systems and driving quote to cash business process transformation
You are energized by fast-paced environments that combine near-term problem solving with long-term planning for scale
You excel at project management, can create simplicity from complexity, and drive results at the intersection point of business and technology
Experience with Gong, CaliberMind, Gearset (or other CICD tools), Git and CLM is a plus

For candidates in NYC, CA, CO, the salary range for this role is 185,000-225,000 per year. You will also be entitled to receive stock options and benefits. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, and skillset.At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 