Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
Maven is looking for a Payment Operations Associate who will be a critical member of the Payment Operations Team focused on ensuring that collections and reimbursements occur in a timely and accurate manner. This person will play a critical role in monitoring and managing balances and resolving discrepancies for providers and for members. 
As a Payment Operations Associate at Maven, you will:

Review and process complex claims related to Mavens fertility treatments, procedures and applicable medications, and expenses related to additional paths to parenthood in accordance with company policies and benefits plan designs 
Ensure claims are accurately documents and filed compliantly  
Monitor and manage outstanding accounts receivable related to family building services
Contact providers and patients to facilitate timely and accurate payments and resolve payment disputes
Develop documentation, reporting, and collecting strategies; this includes maintaining detailed and organized records of claims, collections activities, and correspondence
Ensure that patients and providers receive detailed, clear and accurate communications regarding claims and collections matters
Work with other departments to ensure a smooth and efficient reimbursement process
Stay up-to-date on changes to healthcare regulations and reimbursement policies 

Qualifications:    

1-2 years of experience in benefits management or insurance focusing on claims and collections  


Strong understanding of medical billing, coding, insurance claims processing, and revenue cycle management 
Excellent communication skills; this includes written and spoken communication 
Proficient in using relevant software and tools for claims and collection management  
Proficient in Microsoft Office tools  
Ability to work independently and as part of a team 
Strong customer service orientation 
Strong organizational skills; demonstrated ability to multi-task and manage time effectively  
Bachelors degree is a plus 

For candidates in NYC, CO, or CA, the base salary range for this role is 75,000 - 85,000 per year. You will also be entitled to receive stock options and benefits. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, and skillset.  At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 