Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
Maven is looking for a highly motivated and professional Senior Client Success Manager to manage several large, channel-partner accounts. As the Senior Client Success Manager, Channel Partnership you are responsible for the successful implementation, ongoing engagement, and growth of Mavens leading solution for family benefits to a subset of some of our largest clients. Additionally you will interface with our channel partners to develop in-depth relationships, fostering a collaborative and mutually supportive  partnership. You will play a critical role in the success of Mavens relationships with Enterprise accounts and ensure our clients are delighted to work with us. 
As a Senior Client Success Manager at Maven, you will: 

Be the face of Maven for all client-related needs throughout the client lifecycle (implementation, ongoing relationship, and expansion)
Serve as the voice of the client internally by bringing insights to enhance product development and program marketing efforts
Maintain high level of client engagement, satisfaction and loyalty, as measured by high client satisfaction scores
Manage client issues and escalations, collaborate with partner teams such as member support, operations, analytics, product, and sales as required
Provide member performance and program metrics on an ongoing basis, based upon agreed-upon reporting and communication cadence with each client
Collaborate with channel contacts to build a strategic support model, leveraging Maven and channel partner expertise to forge a stronger client experience
Provide regular updates to channel stakeholders on the status of the shared book of business and engagement strategies
Own communications to meet mutually agreed upon goals, including but not limited to quarterly business reviews, external client meetingsevents and other project plans; be prompt, responsive, and professional in all client-facing communications and interactions
Convert clients into Maven advocates, leveraging their successes for references, case studies, blogs, etc. 
Leverage data and analytics to expand and optimize programs
Own renewals, upsells and support expansion opportunities

Were looking for you to bring:

4 - 7 years experience in account management or client services role in digital health, healthcare, benefits or SaaS companies 
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks; strong track record of high client satisfaction ratings and proven renewal success
Strong verbal, written, and presentation skills; ability to communicate clearly and influence internal and external stakeholders
Strong interpersonal skills; must be able to develop and grow relationships with clients
Strong analytical and problem solving skills; ability to understand data and present information to clients
Track record of high client satisfaction ratings and proven renewal success
Experience in working with the full lifecycle of customer success post sales (implementation, adoption, product training, renewals, upsells, and account management)

Helpful experiences and skills (if you dont have them, you can learn them with us!):

Experience with channel partners is preferred
Experience with a digital health company in the family health space
Salesforce, Looker and Google suite experience

For candidates in NYC, CO, or CA, the base salary range for this role is 112,000 - 140,000 per year. You will also be entitled to receive stock options and benefits. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, and skillset.At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 