Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
About the role
The Web Platform teams mission is to deliver and support a robust web platform at scale. We empower software engineers at Maven Clinic to deliver product features with high velocity and quality by providing foundational libraries, frameworks, and tools for development, testing, and release. Our engineers shape the architecture of web codebases to ensure the health and stability of Mavens applications. With a focus on web-specific technologies and integrations, the Web Platform team serves as a nexus between product engineers and platform teams. Key areas the Web Platform team owns include testing frameworks, developer environments, bundler and build system implementations, design system infrastructure, CICD jobs, and client libraries for observability and experimentation. Projects on this team directly impact the productivity and experience of Maven Clinic developers working on web code.
Key Responsibilities

Drive impact across client, server, architecture, and infrastructure that powers all of our web products - Maven Clinic web app and web-based internal tooling. 
Design and implement features to improve web performance, security, stability, and operational excellence.
Enable high velocity product delivery with quality and operational excellence. This includes monorepo and CICD improvements as well as shipping libraries, middleware, frameworks, and abstractions to materially accelerate our web engineers. 
Lead platform-level projects, executing in all phases of software development from architecturedesign through implementation, testing, and launch.
Partner with product teams to understand their pain points, pilot proposed solutions, and encourage adoption of middleware, tools, and frameworks. 
Set a high standard for code quality, advocating for best practices in testing, performance, and accessibility, and improving code review processes. Youll do this by being an active code reviewer, pair programming and other collaborative activities to ensure code quality and knowledge sharing.

Qualifications

Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience.
8 years of industry experience in software engineering, including frontend web development.
Strong expertise with JavaScriptTypeScript and React.
Strong knowledge of web accessibility, with understanding of screenreaders, WCAG guidelines, and keyboard navigation.
Deep understanding of bundlers, testing frameworks, editor integrations, frontend buildCI systems, observability tooling, and developer environments.
Expert in web performance optimization best practices.
Experience working in a monorepo environment and understand its benefits and costs.
Experience working with Design Systems and UI component libraries. 
Have a track record of successfully leading projects and delivering large scope technical projects at scale.
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, with a proven ability to deliver high-quality code in a fast-paced environment.
Superb collaboration and communication skills, with a demonstrated ability to work effectively with cross functional teams such as SREs, Design, Product Teams, and QA and mentor other engineers.
At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 