Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
Maven is looking for a VP, Payment Delivery. As the newest member of Mavens leadership team, and reporting directly to the SVP, Operations, you will be responsible for driving Mavens newest product - Maven Managed Benefit. You will oversee a team responsible for facilitating all aspects of the member experience, from support to payment and pharmacy operations to configuration and reporting, all with an eye to delivering high quality, trusted and empathetic care to our members. You will play a critical role in enabling Maven members to access new, fertility related benefits, and in helping de-stress the financial burden that comes with family planning.  
The ideal candidate has experience building out and leading high performing teams that manage key pharmacy and payer relationships and complex payments workflows, while ensuring a seamless member experience. HeSheThey will oversee member services, payment operations, pharmacy operations, and configuration and reporting.
As a VP, Payment Delivery at Maven, you will: 

Create member satisfaction through optimizing the payments and billing organization, integrating teams, developing unified processes and procedures and directing the daily operations with a member-performance centric focus and full leverage of technology solutions
Direct, coordinate and evaluate the performance of operational areas, and proactively initiate process  system improvements for the ongoing enhancement of service performance
Responsible for all aspects of the payment cycle workflow including Insurance Contracting, Credentialing, Eligibility, Claims Submission and Follow-Up, Payment Application, Denial and Appeals Management
Development, implementation and administration of all policies and procedures relating to the payment cycle
Ensure adherence to all aspects of billing compliance regulations and policies 
Prepare financial forecasts; manage ongoing PL and expenses; plan for appropriate staffing and capacity management
Leverage data-driven decision making, developing, monitoring, responding to and reporting on relevant financial and operational KPIs
Recruit, manage and develop teams quickly as business scales, create highly effective onboarding systems to drive productivity of new team members with urgency; Oversee member services, payment operations, pharmacy operations, and configuration and reporting teams

Qualifications:   

Deep experience with claims, payments and billing in a healthcare context, with a strong knowledge of revenue cycle operations
Demonstrated experience scaling a payment delivery and member service organization quickly and effectively, ideally at a digitally forward organization in healthcare, insurance or fintech; operates with a strong sense of urgency, energy and enthusiasm
Proven track record of building teams, attracting and developing high-performing talent; strong people leader with the ability to mentor a team
Strong background running member-centric organizations focused on achieving a high degree of member care and satisfaction, particularly when dealing with complex member experience issues related to payments
Extensive understanding of workflow management, service line development and operationalization
A data-driven, strategic-thinker and problem-solver who can quickly assess and make decisions and achieve deliverables that will create the biggest impact in a high-growth, evolving environment 
An excellent communicator, both written and verbal, with the ability to interface with and persuade at all levels across the organization 
Operates with a strong sense of urgency, energy and enthusiasm. Leads with a passion to fulfill the shared mission and vision of the organization. Effective in a very fast-paced environment
Experience at, or working closely with, health plans; can confidently communicate and interact with stakeholders at health plans
Working knowledge of the fertility space and pharmacy operations strongly preferred

For candidates in NYC, CO, or CA, the base salary range for this role is 230,000 - 280,000 per year. You will also be entitled to receive stock options and benefits. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, and skillset.At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 