Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
Maven is looking for a Director of Member Services who will be responsible for leading a team that provides world-class support to Maven members.  You and your team will develop the playbooks, metrics, and operating processes necessary to support the new Maven Managed Benefit product.  Your team will help members navigate their coverage, address any issues they have, and enable members to benefit from the broad range of additional support offerings Maven provides. 
As a Director of Member Services at Maven, you will:

Learn the ins and outs of Mavens business and the day-to-day Care Support responsibilities, diving in to directly master our various communication channels and referral generation processes
Act as the voice of the customer internally for the fertility payments product, passing along feedback to product, sales and marketing and program teams to improve the overall member experience
Provide guidance on best practices, developing and implementing policies and procedures to address member inquiries and create a best-in-class support function for members
Direct team on proper member service procedures, monitor service levels and ensure compliance with member service procedures
Define goals and KPIs for the fertility payments Member Services team that are aligned to clear business outcomes and increase productivity and performance
Hire, train, direct and develop fertility payments Members Services team members through role-modeling, coaching, feedback sessions, trainings, and reviews
Proactively foster an environment in which your team members are informed, supported, and engaged
Create and implement strategies that achieve high quality standards and improve the member journey
Cultivate strong relationships with members to understand their needs and objectives while answering complex benefit questions, resolving issues, and educating members on their fertility benefits
Use your continuous improvement mindset to troubleshoot problems, going deep where necessary, and act as the subject matter-expert and final back-stop for handling member escalations and unresolved issues
Drive company-wide decisions and strategic initiatives with an aim to improve member experience, streamline operations, and build for scale

Minimum qualifications:  

Extensive experience building and leading member facing support teams in a fast-paced, high-growth, healthcare environment, ideally within the context of claims or payments. 
Metrics-driven leader with excellent management skills; empathetic and passionate about creating positive experiences in member and team interactions, with an ability to inspire and empower employees and develop high performing teams
Proven experience managing complicated escalations and setting up effective SOPs designed to scale 
Strong organizational skills, detail-oriented, and bias-to-action, with an ability to actively track performance over time and rapidly implement processes to improve performance
Strong ability to interpret and create flowcharts, schedules, training materials, and step-by-step action plans 
Strong critical thinking skills with an ability to diagnose and synthesize patterns in customer needs to inform product and operational improvements throughout Mavens platform

Excellent communicator, both written and verbal, with the ability to communicate with and persuade at all levels across the organization  
For candidates in NYC, CO, or CA, the base salary range for this role is 152,000-190,000 per year. You will also be entitled to receive stock options and benefits. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, and skillset.  At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 