Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
Maven is the largest virtual clinic for womens and family health, offering continuous, holistic care for fertility and family building through maternity, parenting, pediatrics and menopause. Mavens award-winning digital programs are trusted by leading employers and health plans to reduce costs and drive better maternal health outcomes, as well as enhance DEI in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has been recognized as Fast Companys 1 Most Innovative Health Company and has grown to 15 million lives covered. Maven has raised 300 million in funding from leading investors including General Catalyst, Sequoia, Oak HCFT, Dragoneer Investment Group and Lux Capital.
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 20 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built Best Places to Work (2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022)
Inc. Best Workplaces (2022)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)

About the team: 
Maven is looking for an experienced leader to join our engineering management team to lead a talented and passionate group of Mavens. Youll play a foundational role in building the Maven platform. You will work with a strong cross-functional team between engineering, product, design, care advocates, and our provider operation teams. Strong people management and task management skills are a must have. Your ability to synthesize technical requirements, dive into detail to set  teams up for success, and lead through complex engineering tradeoffs is vital for success.
To make our mission a reality, your skills will be accountable for: 

Cultivate success across the engineering department through leadership and direction across backend development, frontend development, systemsoperations and quality assurance teams
Build and lead a team of Mavens through hiring, mentoring, feedback and career development. Depending on your experience, you may have an opportunity to lead people leaders too. 
Actively attract and retain great and diverse engineering talent
Be a key player in strategic workforce planning and hiringretention processes - recruiting, interviewing, and onboarding new Mavens. Drive team satisfaction to retain our people. 
In partnership with your direct reports, implement appropriate metrics to measure and motivate productivity and engagement across engineering. 
Partner with engineering management and engineers on career progression and individual development for professional growth at Maven and beyond
Empower your teams to build scalable and secure systems for Mavens users, both medical professionals and patients
Foster curiosity and empathy of your area
Facilitate collaboration between engineering and product teams in solving exciting and challenging problems across the platform

Minimum Qualifications:  

Experience in leading, managing, coaching engineering teams to deliver high quality software
Professional software development management, on production-quality products
Expertise with a public cloud provider (AWS, GCP) and their infrastructure as a service offerings
Comprehensive knowledge and hands-on experience with containerization and orchestration technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes.
Experience working with product leadership to deliver on time and on target
Experience working within some form of privacy, security, or regulatory constraints
Strong written and verbal communication skills

Preferred Qualifications: 

Experience attracting, hiring, engaging and retaining diverse talent
Operational experience in workforce planning, and creating metrics which  monitor and measure productivity and engagement across engineering 
Experience working collaboratively across different teams to drive and achieve common goals harmoniously.  

Maven is built with: 

Python
Flask
SQLAlchemy
Google Cloud Platform (Kubernetes)
React

For candidates in NYC or CO, the salary range for this role is 190,000 - 270,000 per year. You may also be entitled to receive a bonus, stock options, and benefits. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, and skillset.
At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams. At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 