Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
Maven is looking for an exceptional and experienced Director or Senior Director to join our Employer Sales team. In this role, you will drive the end-to-end sales process for mid-sized and large employers by creating market demand, developing prospect and buyer level strategies, and architecting deals and contract terms that are credible and exciting to prospects, drive revenue, and position Maven to scale.  
As an Enterprise Sales Director at Maven, you will: 

Create market demand by evangelizing Mavens voice with passion, credibility and the effective use of data
Develop a detailed plan for meeting your individual targets
Drive a robust and high-quality pipeline for your territory through individual outreach as well as a close working partnership with our Sales Development and Channel teams
Use creativity and relentless persistence to secure meetings with HR buyers - ranging from C-level audiences to regionally focused contacts
Position Mavens value proposition effectively based on a solid understanding of the competitive landscape, technology, and individual buyer needs
Expertly assess buyers (decision makers, influencers and champions); building persona-appropriate approaches to bring value to each interaction
Drive and achieve sales goals, including management of the entire end-to-end sales process

Were looking for you to bring: 

5 years of experience in a direct sales role, with no less than 2 years of experience selling into HR or similar functions within large employers (10K employees)
Exceptional sales performance history (quota achievement, forecasting, etc) that can be confirmed through documentation and references who will validate record of success and level of contribution 
Experience leading end-to-end sales processes for complex deals
Excellent presentation skills
Strong organizational skills; including detailed management of deals in Salesforce and coordination of follow-up to prospects
Detailed knowledge of healthcare system  digital health space including industry and competitive trends
Growth mindset that thrives in a fast-paced start-up environment
Insatiable appetite for success
At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 