Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
Maven is looking for a Client Delivery Analyst to own client configuration, quality assurance, process improvements, and eligibility file transfers. This role is part of the Client Services team at Maven who are responsible for the successful integration, launch and support of our clients.
You will work cross functionally with sales and client success, product, engineering, and data teams in order to manage processes to prepare for scale. You will interface with clients as programs under management will include the technical work required for client implementations. 
You will be responsible for meeting or exceeding operational KPIs while assessing results to ensure effective and efficient performance. 
As a Client Delivery Analyst at Maven, you will: 

Own client configuration and QA process ensuring accuracy and on-time launch
Own client eligibility file setup, processing, and issue resolution processes and metrics
Own inbound and outbound file transfer and automation processes
Identify and implement continuous process improvement opportunities to drive scalability
Collaborate cross functionally with our Strategy and Operations, Client Success, Care Advocate, Product, Engineering, and Data teams for new capability development and issue resolution
Manage vendor relationships to deliver operational excellence while building strong relationships
Roll up your sleeves and own of execution of full scale programs while maintaining high levels of service
Use data to understand where scalar challenges will occur and plan and build solutions to address them

Were looking for you to bring: 

Minimum of 2-3 years experience working in an operations  client configuration role 
Strong operational skills including operations execution, project management, and relationship management
Technical knowledge of setting up file transfers and working with data 
Distinctive problem-solving and analytical skills combined with impeccable business judgment, strong experience with data and analytics tools
Passion for details, responsiveness, and organization 
Excellent written and oral communication and interpersonal skills; direct experience communicating with internal and external stakeholders
Significant entrepreneurial drive, ability to create order from chaos, and willingness to roll up sleeves to directly solve challenging problems
Bachelors degree with a strong educational track record

Helpful experiences and skills (if you dont have them, you can learn them with us!): 

Knowledge of key trends in the healthcare industry, particularly in womens and family health
Prior experience in a fast-growing startup environment

At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
For candidates in NYC, CO, or CA, the base salary range for this role is 77,000 - 90,000 per year. You will also be entitled to receive stock options and benefits. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, and skillset.At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 