Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
Maven is looking for an exceptional, experienced frontline sales manager to join our Employer Sales Team. In this role, you will be leading a portion of our quickly growing Employer Sales team and working with complex large employers. Your team will spearhead our growth by creating market demand, developing prospect and buyer level strategies, and architecting deals and contract terms that will be credible and exciting to prospects, will increase revenue and will position Maven to scale. Our business is fast-paced and we are defining a category, so you will need to excel in the ability to evangelize Mavens voice with enthusiasm and credibility - across your team, prospects, consultants and the market. The role will report to our VP of Employer Sales. 
As a Senior Director, Employer Sales you will:

Achieve growth and hit sales targets by successfully managing your team of sellers 
Build and increase pipeline across assigned market segment(s)
Lead and manage recruiting, objective setting, coaching and performance monitoring sales reps
Present sales and revenue reports and forecasts to the management team
Represent Maven at industry events and conferences 
Help develop and maintain a network of relationships with key stakeholders and influencers in healthcare: brokers, payers, benefits admin. platforms, exchanges, etc.
Present sales and revenue reports and forecasts to the management team
Act as a player coach to present and deliver Mavens value proposition  
Be highly motivated, self-starting, data driven and results-oriented
Lead creation and execution of sales strategy and process that results in landing new clients
Act with urgency even when making difficult decisions, oftentimes with incomplete information
Be the voice of our buyers and the market within Maven; collaborate with cross-functional team members to ensure our continued position as category creator
Use creativity and relentless persistence to expand Mavens reach across regions and industry verticals
Act with credibility and humility, always positioning Maven for success 
Be a thought and motivational leader across the Maven team

Were looking for you to bring: 

8 years of experience managing a winning sales team focused on large, complex deals ideally selling to HRBenefits 
Experience sourcing and  hiring top talent and coaching high performing sales team members
Proven track record in identifying, building and managing complex business partnerships that involve growing revenue and market share
Growth mindset that thrives in a fast-paced start-up environment
Proven track record of building, negotiating and closing deals by working across all levels at an organization 
Ability to build and maintain strong internal and external relationships
Executive level  written and communication skills
Thoughtful and organized collaborator, working with and leading cross-functional teams
Experience leveraging data and CRM tools  to manage pipeline, forecast, align resources, and optimize go to market strategy
Strong people leadership skills and ability to create and implement effective performance management processes
At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 