Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
Maven is looking for a Senior Manager, Pharmacy Operations who will work with our pharmacy partners to ensure a smooth process for members.  Reporting to the Vice President, Payment Delivery, you will act as a liaison between pharmacy partners and members to make sure they understand their prescription benefits, as well as have the resources to obtain their medication. You will be responsible for driving culture, measuring success through data, and ensuring our members have excellent experiences. You will play a critical role in enabling Maven members to access new, fertility related benefits, and in helping de-stress the financial burden that comes with family planning.  
As a Senior Manager, Pharmacy Operations at Maven, you will: 

Own pharmacy vendor relationships, value added improvements, and strategic direction; Hold vendors accountable to contract, performance and quality goals
Develop, manage, and drive appropriate KPIs to ensure high-quality, best in class, compliant operations
Establish standardized policies and procedures for workflows and operational processes
Provide quality assurance and feedback for pharmacy partners
Serve as a resource to the organization for medication-related inquiries pertaining to formulary tiers, prior authorizations, formulary exceptions, and cost-sharing
Provide strategic direction and guidance to ensure employees are meeting and exceeding our patients needs through effective communication, problem solving, professionalism, and efficient processes 
Partner cross-functionally to drive waste reduction, patient experience and quality improvement initiatives to achieve our business objectives, improve the member experience and coordination between internal and external teams

Qualifications:  

Analytics and metrics focused with a track record for driving KPI improvements
Managed and scaled teams and built sustainable tools and repeatable processes, improving operations in complex workflows 
Strong relationship management experience building relationships quickly with external partners; Communicate well with various internal stakeholders, product, and commercial teams
Deliver meaningful results while operating in a fast paced environment 
Ability to train, motivate, and coach teams to maintain high member care standards and build team morale 
Deep understanding of the pharmacy ecosystem
Proven ability to multi-task and effectively prioritize 


Have pharmacy background performing call center and operations support 
Bachelors degree in healthcare administration, business administration, or related field. Masters degree preferred. 

For candidates in NYC, CO, or CA, the base salary range for this role is  150,000 - 180,000 per year. You will also be entitled to receive stock options and benefits. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, and skillset.At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 