Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
About the team:
Maven is looking for a seasoned Senior Engineering Manager to advance our evolving product engineering organization. In this role, you will lead teams to build best in class products that improve the care experience for each member, drive better health outcomes, and allow Maven to deliver cost-effective care. You will work with leadership across the organization, fostering collaboration with product, design, care, and provider operations teams to ensure engineering contributes effectively to the delivery of world-class software products at scale.
As a Senior Engineering Manager at Maven, your core responsibilities include: 

Cultivate success across the engineering department through leadership and direction across data, data infrastructure, and systemsoperations.
Build and lead engineering teams, through hiring, mentoring, feedback, and career development.
Be a key player in strategic workforce planning and the hiringretention processes - recruiting, interviewing, and onboarding new Mavens. Drive team satisfaction to retain our people. 
Partner with engineering management and engineers on career progression and individual development for professional growth at Maven and beyond.
Empower your teams to build scalable and secure systems and platforms for Mavens engineers.
In partnership with your direct reports, implement appropriate metrics to measure and motivate productivity and engagement across engineering. 
Foster curiosity and empathy within your teams.
Facilitate collaboration between engineering and product teams while solving exciting and challenging problems across the platform.

Were looking for someone to bring core capabilities to our team: 

7 years of engineering experience, including time spent as a backend engineer, as well as 3 years of hands-on engineering management 
Experience with designing large scale distributed systems for high performance
Proven track record in building and growing high performing engineering teams that operate with strong operational excellence
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to work well with teams across engineering and cross functional teams
Passionate about working in a product-centric setting where the entire team is dedicated to making a meaningful difference for customers
Ability to operate in a fast-paced, dynamic environment supporting rapidly growing business
Experience working within some form of privacy, security or regulatory constraints
Experience leading, managing, and coaching engineering teams to deliver high quality software

Maven is built with: 

ReactTypeScript
Python
Flask
MySQL  PostgreSQL
Google Cloud Platform
Kubernetes
Terraform
Airflow
Looker

For candidates in NYC or CO, the salary range for this role is 190,000 - 270,000 per year. You may also be entitled to receive a bonus, stock options, and benefits. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, and skillset.At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 