Maven is the worlds largest virtual clinic for women and families on a mission to make healthcare work for all of us. Mavens award-winning digital programs provide clinical, emotional, and financial support all in one platform, spanning fertility  family building, maternity  newborn care, parenting  pediatrics, and menopause. Employers and health plans trust Mavens end-to-end platform to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs, and provide equity in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has raised 300 million in funding from top healthcare and technology investors including General Catalyst, Oak HCFT, Sequoia, Dragoneer Investment Group, and Lux Capital.
 
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission   Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 30 workplace and innovation awards, including: 

TIME 100 Most Influential Companies (2023)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022, 2023) 
Fast Company Most Innovative Companies (2020, 2023)
Built In Best Places to Work (2023)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023)
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA Advocacy Award (2022)
We are looking for a VP, Design who will be responsible for driving the vision, strategy, and execution of our design initiatives at Maven. You will lead the design function at Maven, overseeing a team of talented designers and design leaders to deliver exceptional solutions for our patients, providers, and clients. Reporting into the Chief Product Officer, you will partner closely with cross functional teams including engineering, product, marketing and sales to craft compelling design strategies, identify user pain points, and scale Mavens design practice.
As VP, Design, you will:

Lead the Product Design, Creative Design, and UX Research teams
Shape and evangelize a compelling design strategy and vision at Maven, from the look and feel of the brand to how it translates into user journeys in the product
Lead the creative team in collaborating with the business, supporting commercial and marketing initiatives that tell the Maven story with polish and quality
Partner with product, engineering, research, and other cross-functional partners to deliver exceptional user journeys that support members through vulnerable life journeys 
Lead and grow a team of talented product, visual, UX, and creative designers focused on the end-to-end Maven experience across our different segments of users
Be an innovator with a pulse on industry design systems, strategies and trends. You will help your team anticipate and adjust to new challenges and ensure constant innovation within the org
Drive company-wide design definition, specification, collaboration, and roadmap with cross-functional partners
Lead, grow, and inspire a high-performing team of designers and design leaders towards cohesion and successful results

Were looking for you to bring:  

Significant experience (8 years) leading and managing product and creative design teams, including design leaders
15 years experience designing digital consumer products
Experience leading and collaborating with diverse, distributed teams in a dynamic, rapid growth environment.
Solid toolkit of design software and experience designing or leading design for multiple platforms (email, push, web, iOS, Android)
Excellent communication, problem-solving and brainstorming skills  with ability to navigate and thrive in ambiguity
Passion for building scalable solutions and services, working with (and simplifying) sophisticated design systems that span multiple products.
Strategic thinking with the ability to balance creativity with data-driven decision-making.
Proven experience working on a cross-functional leadership team where you deeply collaborated with engineering, product, and data teams to plan and implement team roadmaps

For candidates in NYC, CO, or CA, the base salary range for this role is 275,000 to 325,000 per year. You will also be entitled to receive stock options and benefits. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, and skillset.At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.  
Benefits  Perks: 
We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits: 

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers 
16 weeks 100 paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and 1.5Kmo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens whove been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven 
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits. 
Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmithmavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone. If you receive a scam issue or a security issue involving Maven Clinic please notify us at: securitymavenclinic.com. For general and additional inquiries, please contact us at careersmavenclinic.com. 