
 
About Medallion:
 
Healthcare is going through an unprecedented transformation towards digital care. Medallion provides the critical administrative infrastructure to make that change possible. Our platform enables organizations to license their providers in new states, verify existing credentials, and get in-network with health plans. In just over two years, weve launched our platform, built an all-star team, powered hundreds of great companies, and served thousands of healthcare providers across the industry. To date, Medallion has saved over 250,000 administrative hours for our customers!
 
Founded in 2020, Medallion has raised 85M from world-class investors like Sequoia Capital, Google Ventures, Spark Capital, Optum Ventures, and Salesforce Ventures.
About The Role:
As a Mid-Market Account Executive (MM AE), you will be winning new business with digital health companies and provider groups across the country as well as growing existing customer relationships. This includes educating prospects, managing multiple opportunities to close, forecasting attainment on a quarterly cadence. 
This role reports to the Mid-Market Sales Manager and compensation for this role may land between 150k-200k OTE (75k-100k base with a 5050 variable component). In addition to salary, Medallion offers equity and benefits as part of the total compensation package. Many factors are considered when determining pay including: market data, geographic location, skills, qualifications, experience, and level.  
Youll enjoy this role if you are...

Deeply motivated to exceed your target, through pushing harder and getting better month-over-month.
The kind of person who fosters mutually beneficial partnerships between Medallion and the practices to ensure a long term relationship is maintained.
Intellectually curious. You are invested in self-development, consistently looking for heightened results or efficiency.
Enthusiastic about working in a diverse and supportive team environment. You enjoy collaborating with those throughout the organization, and you frequently do so with your peers, BDRs, and subject matter experts. 

Your day to day is...

Developing an assigned territory of 400-600 digital health and provider group prospect accounts in conjunction with BDR and marketing support. 
Educating prospects about Medallion, and mapping Medallion solutions back to prospects goals and challenges. 
Collaborating throughout the organization specifically with your peers, BDRs, subject matter experts, client solutions.
Generating 50 of your sales pipeline. 
Tracking all client-related information, outreach, call outcomes, and next steps in Salesforce.

Youll be successful in this role if you have...

At least 2-5 years of closing experience in a full cycle SaaS sales role
Healthcare operations knowledge andor experience selling to the healthcare space
Proven track record of consistently exceeding sales targets
Ability to prospect and develop your own sales pipeline
Impeccable written and verbal communication skills, sharp focus, and the ability to flourish in both independent and collaborative settings
Ability to lead complex sales process at the C-level
The ability to quickly learn and thrive in a fast-paced work environment
Humility. You believe in treating all people with dignity and respect, regardless of title or tenure


 
LI-remote