

About Medallion:
Healthcare is going through an unprecedented transformation towards digital care. Medallion provides the critical administrative infrastructure to make that change possible. Our platform enables organizations to license their providers in new states, verify existing credentials, and get in-network with health plans. In just over two years, weve launched our platform, built an all-star team, powered hundreds of great companies, and served thousands of healthcare providers across the industry. To date, Medallion has saved over 250,000 administrative hours for our customers!
Founded in 2020, Medallion has raised 85M from world-class investors like Sequoia Capital, Google Ventures, Spark Capital, Optum Ventures, and Salesforce Ventures.
About the Role:
You will work closely with senior members of the team on a variety of high-impact projects, shipping production code during your very first week, getting steady exposure to a broad set of technologies, and rapidly taking on more responsibility. Expect to achieve massive personal growth and ship features that make a meaningful impact on the healthcare system. All on a supportive and experienced team of engineers, PMs, and designers.Compensation for this role is between 135,000 - 175,000 depending on location and level.
You will:

Work on meaningful projects with business impact from your very first day.
Gain expertise across the stack  full-stack web, platforms and services, cloud infrastructure.
Work closely with senior engineers on technical architecture and project planning.
Collaborate with PMs, designers, and other stakeholders on product design.
Write a lot of code :)

You may be a fit for this role if you:

2 years of experience as a software engineer
Have a strong technical foundation (CS andor software engineering)
Are a fast and motivated learner
Are an excellent communicator  both verbally and in writing
Get things done

You might also have:

A project you love talking about
An interest in starting your own company

LI-remote

