

About Medallion:
Healthcare is going through an unprecedented transformation towards digital care. Medallion provides the critical administrative infrastructure to make that change possible. Our platform enables organizations to license their providers in new states, verify existing credentials, and get in-network with health plans. In just over three years, our platform has become an industry standard powering hundreds of healthcare companies to reduce administrative burden for tens of thousands of providers across the country. To date, Medallion has saved over 500,000 administrative hours for our customers!
Founded in 2020, Medallion has raised 85M from world-class investors like Sequoia Capital, Google Ventures, Spark Capital, Optum Ventures, and Salesforce Ventures.
About the Role:
This role will be responsible for running Medallions Customer Operations team. The core purpose of Customer Operations is to drive best-in-class performance of Medallions operational delivery functions, with success measured through speed, quality and efficiency KPIs. This role reports directly to the CEO.
Compensation for this role is between 200,000 - 300,000  equity depending on location and level.
Core Responsibilities:

Build and manage a team of Business Operations professionals responsible for leading Customer Operations teams to deliver excellent customer outcomes and efficiency improvements

Set the vision for the Customer Operations organization
Own annual and quarterly planning processes for your team; be accountable for meeting plan goals
Define and use metrics to continually evaluate business performance and to identify and solve the most critical operational challenges
Create and lead a culture of continuous improvement; implement process improvements and technical automation to improve customer experience while maintaining or exceeding efficiency goals


Partner with EPD on roadmap for platform capability to support the customer operations team and automation of manual work
Coach and mentor Operations leadership and team members at all levels to foster a culture of excellence, collaboration and continuous learning

Youd be a great fit if

You have 12 years of experience in roles that requires analytical problem solving, operational complexity, and outcome ownership
Youve defined and led improvement of complex, customer-facing operational workflows
Youve successfully pivoted team objectives as company priorities change
Youve been accountable for customer experience in an B2B environment
You have a high degree of empathy and strong experience in people leadership
You have a high rate of learning. Youll be closely collaborating across the organization and will need to develop a degree of proficiency in all of those areas to achieve outcomes
You have excellent communication skills. In the role, youll work with teams across the company and own the communication necessary to solicit input from thought partners and to keep initiatives on track
You thrive in the unknown and seek out opportunities to dive into unfamiliar challenges, roll up your sleeves, learn new skills, and drive towards solutions
You seek an environment that fosters individual growth through open feedback and high autonomy
You are motivated by the opportunity to make an impact in the 1T healthcare administration industry, one of our economys most underserved markets

LI-Remote

