About Medallion
Healthcare is going through an unprecedented transformation towards digital care. Medallion provides the critical administrative infrastructure to make that change possible. Our platform enables organizations to license their providers in new states, verify existing credentials, and get in-network with health plans. In just over two years, weve launched our platform, built an all-star team, powered hundreds of great companies, and served thousands of healthcare providers across the industry. To date, Medallion has saved over 250,000 administrative hours for our customers!
Founded in 2020, Medallion has raised 85M from world-class investors like Sequoia Capital, Google Ventures, Spark Capital, Optum Ventures, and Salesforce Ventures.
About the role
In this role, youll own our one-to-many marketing campaigns across multiple channels. Youll be responsible for executing Medallions event strategy and building marketing programs such as emails, webinars, and digital campaigns to educate and attract potential customers.
The ideal candidate has strong project management skills and can handle multiple campaigns and events while maintaining an experimentation- and data-obsessed mindset thats constantly monitoring performance KPIs. This role reports to the Senior Demand Generation Manager and base compensation for this role may land between 75,000-120,000. In addition to base salary, Medallion offers equity, bonus, and benefits as part of the total compensation package. Many factors are considered when determining pay including: market data, geographic location, skills, qualifications, experience, and level.
What youll do:

Oversee end-to-end production and execution of tradeshows, conferences, and Medallion-hosted events like happy hours and networking events. 

Responsibilities include but are not limited to: qualifying new events and conferences, vendor management, budget management, onsite strategy, pre-and post-event email campaigns, and measuring ROI.

In collaboration with the Senior Manager of Demand Gen, identify and work to execute innovative programs and tactics  digital campaigns, webinars, syndication, sponsorships  that build interest among our target audience and deliver qualified leads.

Youll be in charge of project managing campaigns from start to finish, including ensuring weve got the right copy and landing pages, building the campaigns in HubSpot, launching, monitoring the success and reporting back to internal stakeholders.

Youll develop and execute digital campaigns to engage with leads and customers in partnership with the Content and Product Marketing team.
Collaborate and partner with the sales and business development teams to ensure they understand ongoing Marketing campaigns and how to work leads from them.
Analyze and report on campaign KPIs like marketing qualified leads, conversion rates, and pipeline created to identify areas for improvement.

Were looking for someone who has:

3 years of demand generation, field marketing or campaign management experience
B2B start-up experience is a must
ABM experience is strongly preferred
Proficiency in Hubspot  Salesforce is a must
Experience managing conferencestradeshows and multi-touch digital campaigns is a must
Experience with chatbots, direct mailgifting platforms, or other comparable tools is nice to have

LI-Remote