About Medallion
Healthcare is going through an unprecedented transformation towards digital care. Medallion provides the critical administrative infrastructure to make that change possible. Our platform enables organizations to license their providers in new states, verify existing credentials, and get in-network with health plans. In just over three years, our platform has become an industry standard powering hundreds of healthcare companies to reduce administrative burden for tens of thousands of providers across the country. To date, Medallion has saved over 500,000 administrative hours for our customers!
Founded in 2020, Medallion has raised 85M from world-class investors like Sequoia Capital, Google Ventures, Spark Capital, Optum Ventures, and Salesforce Ventures.
About the Role:
Medallion eliminates manual work by automating tedious back office processes. Underpinning our largest products are powerful internal tools, integrations, and automations that dramatically impact the speed, reliability, and efficiency of these processes. This Senior Product Manager will own the strategy and development of these internal platforms and one or more products that leverage them.
This role reports to the VP Product and base compensation for this role may land between 145,000-175,000. In addition to base salary, Medallion offers equity, bonus, and benefits as part of the total compensation package. Many factors are considered when determining pay including: market data, geographic location, skills, qualifications, experience, and level.
Responsibilities:

Strategy: develop and maintain a 6-12 month roadmap with active input from customers and internal stakeholders.
Execution: collaborate with engineers, designers, and other PMs to ensure the timely execution of new products and features.
Rollout: work with product marketing and other internal teams to ensure the successful pacakaging and rollout of new capabilities.
Analytics: develop and refine frameworks for measuring key automation metrics.

Requirements:

Product experience: 5 years in a Product Management role
Workflow automation: Experience building products that automate manual workflows

LI-Remote