

Healthcare is going through an unprecedented transformation towards digital care. Medallion provides the critical administrative infrastructure to make that change possible. Our platform enables organizations to license their providers in new states, verify existing credentials, and get in-network with health plans. In just over two years, weve launched our platform, built an all-star team, powered hundreds of great companies, and served thousands of healthcare providers across the industry. To date, Medallion has saved over 250,000 administrative hours for our customers!
 
Founded in 2020, Medallion has raised 85M from world-class investors like Sequoia Capital, Google Ventures, Spark Capital, Optum Ventures, and Salesforce Ventures.

About The Role:
As an Enterprise Account Executive, you will win new business with Enterprise customers across the country. Your day-to-day will be spent educating prospects, running multiple pitches in a day, managing multiple opportunities to close, and driving a big impact on the new business teams ability to hit targets. You will own the sales process from top-of-funnel through closing deals, while collaborating throughout the organization. 
This role reports to the Head of Enterprise Sales and compensation for this role will land around 150K base  300k OTE (5050 variable component). In addition to salary  uncapped commission, Medallion offers equity and benefits as part of the total compensation package. Many factors are considered when determining pay including: market data, geographic location, skills, qualifications, experience, and level.  
Youll enjoy this role if you are...

Deeply motivated to exceed your target, through pushing harder and getting better month-over-month
The kind of person who fosters mutually beneficial partnerships between Medallion and the practices to ensure a long term relationship is maintained
Intellectually curious. You are invested in self-development, consistently looking for heightened results or efficiency
Enthusiastic about working in a diverse and supportive team environment. You enjoy collaborating with those throughout the organization, and you frequently do so with your peers, SDRs, and other business teams.

Your day to day is...

Educating enterprise prospects about Medallion, while finding alignment between our solution  each prospects unique needs
Leveraging a methodical approach to maximize conversion and growing your pipeline, including call techniques  follow-up cadence
Owning meeting scheduling responsibilities as necessary, including during periods of high lead volumes, limited SDR capacity, or unique business cases such as re-engages, referrals, etc.
Collaborating throughout the organization specifically with your peers, BDRs, subject matter experts, client solutions
Tracking all client-related information, outreach, call outcomes, and next steps in Salesforce

Youll be successful in this role if you have...

5 years of closing experience in a SaaS sales role managing a large pipeline of prospects
3 years of experience achieving revenue targets 1M per year
Experience in selling directly to enterprise customers and executing complex deal strategies
A proven track record of identifying and closing deals over 250K
Experience with Command of the Message andor MEDDPIC sales methodologies
Strong executive presence who can build relationships with any level of persona
Have fantastic communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to explain complex concepts in a simple way
Gathering, distilling, and processing complex market (industry, competitor, customer, prospect) intelligence
The ability to quickly learn and thrive in a fast-paced work environment
Humility. You believe in treating all people with dignity and respect, regardless of title or tenure

 
LI-remote
