About Medallion
Healthcare is going through an unprecedented transformation towards digital care. Medallion provides the critical administrative infrastructure to make that change possible. Our platform enables organizations to license their providers in new states, verify existing credentials, and get in-network with health plans. In just over three years, our platform has become an industry standard powering hundreds of healthcare companies to reduce administrative burden for tens of thousands of providers across the country. To date, Medallion has saved over 500,000 administrative hours for our customers!
Founded in 2020, Medallion has raised 85M from world-class investors like Sequoia Capital, Google Ventures, Spark Capital, Optum Ventures, and Salesforce Ventures.
About the Role: 
We are looking for an experienced Commercial Counsel to join our team and build out the Legal function from the ground up. The role will be crucial in fostering the development of both inbound and outbound contracts as well as continuing to build on existing workflows to streamline GTM and Deal Desk process and workflows. You will also be collaborating closely with our RevOps, Sales, Customer Success, and Finance  Accounting teams to navigate contracts through review, negotiation and signing. Also, although the role will be primarily focused on GTM initially, there will be opportunity to take on more scope over time (privacysecurity, HR, etc.).
This role requires a well-rounded individual who has demonstrated the ability to deliver results in a high-growth, dynamic, and fast-paced environment. You are versatile, detail-oriented, intellectually curious, and a strong communicator. The ideal candidate is a collaborative team player who is passionate about healthcare technology and happiest in a fast-paced, action-oriented work environment.
This position reports to Medallions VP of Finance  Strategy and base compensation may land between 200k-230k depending on qualifications and experience. In addition to base salary, Medallion offers equity, and benefits as part of the total compensation package. Many factors are considered when determining pay including: market data, geographic location, skills, qualifications, experience, and level.
In this role you will:

Structure, draft, and negotiate a broad range commercial agreements, including sales, vendor, partner, supplier, marketing, NDAs, and other commercial agreements
Advise regarding legal issues, including identifying, managing, and communicating risks and opportunities in commercial transactions
Contribute to the creation of standardized template language to be incorporated into contracts, supplementary documents, and related playbooksIdentify and implement improvements in GTM and Deal Desk processes, policies, forms, and operations
Identify and assess both business and legal risks, and find creatives ways to mitigate them while aligning with our business objectives
Coordinate with external counsel as needed

Skills and Qualifications:

JD degree and must be admitted to the bar and in good standing to practice law in the state in which you reside
2 years of experience practicing at a top-tier law firm
1 years of experience at a startup (preferably B2B)
Proficient in structuring, drafting, and negotiating a substantial number of contracts, including master services agreements, partner agreements, supplier agreements, NDAs, and other commercial transactional agreements
Experience supporting medium size sales organizations selling to an enterprise customer base
Proven ability to provide entrepreneurial, quick-thinking, pragmatic, business-oriented advice and to properly balance risks and business reward with a dedication to superior stakeholder service
Ability to manage heavy workflow, setting accurate expectations with internal stakeholders and delivering outcomes efficiently and effectively

 
 
 
LI-remote
LI-Remote