
About Medallion:
Healthcare is going through an unprecedented transformation towards digital care. Medallion provides the critical administrative infrastructure to make that change possible. Our platform enables organizations to license their providers in new states, verify existing credentials, and get in-network with health plans. In just over two years, weve launched our platform, built an all-star team, powered hundreds of great companies, and served thousands of healthcare providers across the industry. To date, Medallion has saved over 250,000 administrative hours for our customers!
Founded in 2020, Medallion has raised 85M from world-class investors like Sequoia Capital, Google Ventures, Spark Capital, Optum Ventures, and Salesforce Ventures.
About the Role:
As a foundational member of the Implementation team, you will work at the forefront of driving the Medallion customer experience by working with our clients to implement, train, and drive the adoption of Medallions suite of products. You will leverage deep knowledge of Medallions products as well as strong commitment to customer experience. 
In this role you will be responsible for owning and driving the Implementation phase of the customer journey. The Implementation phase is critical as it sets the foundation for our customers partnership with Medallion. You will manage a number of projects in parallel with a focus on onboarding, and be the main point of contact throughout implementation. You will partner closely with Operations, Customer Success, Product, and Sales to create a first in class customer experience while providing implementation guidance for post-sales accounts. Youll be expected to gather, synthesize, and socialize insights from customers to make and drive continuous improvements to the Medallion customer onboarding experience.
This role reports to the Director of Customer Success and base compensation for this role may land between 105,000 - 140,000. In addition to base salary, Medallion offers equity and benefits as part of the total compensation package. Many factors are considered when determining pay including: market data, geographic location, skills, qualifications, experience, and level. 
Responsibilities:

Onboarding  Implementation

Proactively project manage the implementation process end-to-end to achieve target timelines and goals
Partner with the appropriate internal and external teams to align on key milestones and workflows
Partner internally to identify and get ahead of any potential blockers that could impact implementation and the business relationship

Data Exchange  Profile Completion

Inviting clients to the platform, what data is needed, licensing and enrollment requests are correctly set up, etc.
Responsible for getting customers onboarded to the Medallion platform and collecting all necessary information 

Reporting  Training

Review Medallion reporting features and define any additional client reporting needs
Finalize training schedule  develop customer trainings materials 
Define all customer user groups and complete role trainings
Define implementation success metrics and KPIs
Gather, synthesize, and socialize insights customer onboardings to drive continuous improvements to the Medallion implementation experience


Skills and Requirements:

5 years of experience in Implementation andor a client facing role where business experience, technical acumen, solutions consulting, and project management was combined 
Experience working with enterprise andor complex organizations preferred  
Proven project management experience, deploying multiple projects simultaneously, often with limited timelines and multiple stakeholders.
Highly adaptable; you thrive in a fast-paced environment. Experience at a rapidly growing SaaS company andor a startup is a plus
Experience with software implementation, end-user training, andor change management
Experience working at a startup
Excellent and clear communication, presentation, and facilitation skills
Excellent coordination, collaboration and organization skills with proven experience working with cross-functional teams and various levels and functions of an organization
You have experience building processes and teams from scratch
Proven ability to quickly learn new technologies and products.



 
 
LI-Remote
