At Merge, we revolutionize the way B2B companies integrate. Unfamiliar with the integration problem? The average company expects to spend hundreds of hours a year integrating with dozens or more vendors. Alignment between sales, partnerships, product management, design, engineering, and customer success (a lot, right?) is absolutely critical — and a major headache. Integrations are a to-do that goes on and on.
Our Unified API empowers developers to offer integrations with hundreds of platforms instantly. Now were hiring for you: an ambitious leader ready to help build, design, and support enterprise-grade software scaled to millions of users.
Are you ready to be part of a team redefining how companies build for the future? Apply now!Merge is looking for a Customer Success Manager to help lay the foundations for repeatable and consistent revenue growth. You should be driven, adaptable to change and creative as you help us test out new ideas and find what works in the pursuit of building a truly customer-centric process. This is a fantastic opportunity to play a key role in an organization that cares deeply about delivering an exceptional customer experience.
You Have:

A minimum of 2-4 years of experience working in a Customer Success or Account Management function.
A background and passion for advocating on behalf of your customers - this role should act as an extension of our customers team within Merge
A mind for technology - well teach you about Merge, but our customers and product are inherently technical and you should have an aptitude and curiosity to learn about those concepts
The ability to act with a high level of autonomy, you will be expected to take full ownership of your customer portfolio and make key decisions to drive effective customer outcomes; including deciding when to include our executive team or c-suite in customer escalations, how to de-risk or de-escalate customer issues and conflict and advocating to internal teams including sales, professional services, etc.
An entrepreneurial mindset - this is a new team at Merge where you will be required to both deviate from established procedure and often build entirely new process or practices to ensure we best serve this customer segment
Team player and passion for collaboration

Benefits

Unlimited PTO  10 company holidays
100 covered health, vision, and dental insurance
401K Plan
200 one-time home office stipend
Free dinner when working past 7pm

Compensation

The cash compensation range for this role is 110,000 - 120,000.
Actual compensation packages are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years  depth of experience, certifications. In addition to cash compensation, all employees receive an equity compensation package.
Merge is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other protected class.