At Merge, we revolutionize the way B2B companies integrate. Unfamiliar with the integration problem? The average company expects to spend hundreds of hours a year integrating with dozens or more vendors. Alignment between sales, partnerships, product management, design, engineering, and customer success (a lot, right?) is absolutely critical — and a major headache. Integrations are a to-do that goes on and on.
Our Unified API empowers developers to offer integrations with hundreds of platforms instantly. Now were hiring for you: an ambitious leader ready to help build, design, and support enterprise-grade software scaled to millions of users.
Are you ready to be part of a team redefining how companies build for the future? Apply now!Merge is looking for a Senior Product Designer who is enthusiastic about solving the problems that the users of Merges core products and features face. You have the opportunity to anticipate the mindset of external product development teams facing the daunting task of integrations and offer them delight in a well-designed solution. Youll be on the ground floor of a fast-growing start up, playing a key role in helping to grow Merges product development and design processes and shape our culture.
Responsibilities 

Critically consider every touchpoint we have with the Merge user to find optimal ways to serve their user stories
Collaborate with product managers and engineers to define product specifications and feature scopes
Self-manage design projects through the various stages of the design lifecycle, from research to handoff
Conduct market research and user interviews with customers and internal users
Synthesize feedback and perspectives from multiple stakeholders into a coherent design vision
Produce low-fidelity and high-fidelity mock-ups
Document usage guidelines for our design systems components and styles to enable design and engineering to ship fast and effectively

Experience

Strong portfolio demonstrating deep systems thinking, visual craft, and an ability to translate ambiguous problems into practical user-centric solutions
5 years of full-time experience in the design industry
Excellent storytelling and communication skills, particularly around elaborating the thought process behind design concepts
Strong collaboration with other designers, product managers, and engineers
Experience with Figma, UX research methodologies, product specifications, prototyping, design reviews
Tendency to ideate upon various solution paths and go wide before narrowing and going deep
Conscientious advocate for product quality and achievement of user-oriented goals

Compensation

The cash compensation range for this role is 150,000 - 180,000.
Actual compensation packages are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years  depth of experience, certifications. In addition to cash compensation, all employees receive an equity compensation package.

Benefits

Unlimited PTO  10 company holidays
100 covered health, vision, and dental insurance
401K Plan
200 one-time home office stipend
Free dinner when working past 7pm

 Merge is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other protected class.