At Merge, we revolutionize the way B2B companies integrate. Unfamiliar with the integration problem? The average company expects to spend hundreds of hours a year integrating with dozens or more vendors. Alignment between sales, partnerships, product management, design, engineering, and customer success (a lot, right?) is absolutely critical — and a major headache. Integrations are a to-do that goes on and on.
Our Unified API empowers developers to offer integrations with hundreds of platforms instantly. Now were hiring for you: an ambitious leader ready to help build, design, and support enterprise-grade software scaled to millions of users.
Are you ready to be part of a team redefining how companies build for the future? Apply now!Merge is seeking our first Field Marketing Manager to lead the strategy and execution of marketing activities for North America, with support for our emerging team in Berlin. Were looking for a passionate person to build relationships with internal and external stakeholders that understands how to drive early-stage pipeline as well as build programs to accelerate sales cycles and close business. You will work closely with the sales teams to build strategic campaigns for their ideal target customer.
Were looking for a strategic marketer with a strong track record of building and executing field marketing programs, and the ability to work in partnership with sales, business development and marketing teams. You will develop a deep understanding of our buyer personas, our target accounts, partners, customer advocates and the value Sigma brings to our customers and community. This high-visibility, high-impact role partners closely with the broader marketing, sales and business development teams to drive awareness, demand, pipeline and bookings.
What You Will Do

Work creatively and collaboratively with the Marketing, Sales, and BD teams to execute a strong field marketing strategy that nurtures our pipeline from early to late stage and closedwon.
Track, measure and share the impact of every program, experiment and failure (they happen!).
Manage overall budget and spend to deliver a significant return on the  but also capture the anecdotes and engagements that we know close deals.
Partner with sales leadership on territory planning.
Be an advocate for the sales department and help the rest of the marketing department understand their priorities.
Ensure field marketing contributes productively to the quarterly business reviews of the sales team they support.
Work closely with our BD team to build strong co-marketing relationships within our Technology and System Integrator partners. The Partner Marketing strategy will include co-selling campaigns, 1st and 3rd party events and regional field sales engagements.
Leverage data to make intelligent, informed recommendations, decisions, and forecasts regarding our demand generation strategies, target account plans, and paid investments.
Drive new levels of cross-channel and integrated marketing and ensure our marketing activities are aligned and planned well in advance

What we are looking for:

3 years of relevant Field Marketing experience. Youve had an interesting career to date, youve worked for established companies and scrappy startups. You know what great looks like.
3-5 years of working in the B2B SaaS Space.
Experience working with and supporting international sales teams
Ability to develop close trusting relationships with sales as well as collaborate effectively with marketing and product.
You are outcome driven, analytical, customer first and have a track record of executing creative, impactful field marketing programs for executive and practitioner audiences.
You have a proven track record of working collaboratively with prospects, customers, sales, marketing and the exec team to impact early and late stage pipeline.
You set a high bar in everything you and your team do - quality, creativity, execution, productivity and of course balance.
Youre extremely detail-oriented and organized, and able to meet deadlines.
Experience with supporting both direct sales and channel sales teams.
Merge is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other protected class.