At Merge, we revolutionize the way B2B companies integrate. Unfamiliar with the integration problem? The average company expects to spend hundreds of hours a year integrating with dozens or more vendors. Alignment between sales, partnerships, product management, design, engineering, and customer success (a lot, right?) is absolutely critical — and a major headache. Integrations are a to-do that goes on and on.
Our Unified API empowers developers to offer integrations with hundreds of platforms instantly. Now were hiring for you: an ambitious leader ready to help build, design, and support enterprise-grade software scaled to millions of users.
Are you ready to be part of a team redefining how companies build for the future? Apply now!Responsibilities

Be the first point of contact for organizations to learn about Merge by sharing the value we provide to their customers and their development team
Create qualified meetings and opportunities with new prospects who will become raving customers of Merge in the future
Gain experience in outbound sales by using multi-touch cadences consisting of prospecting, email outreach, cold calling, LinkedIn social selling, and more, to build relationships with prospects
Develop a mastery for best-in-class sales tools and tech such as Salesforce, Outreach, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, Gong, and more
Innovate on the status quo of our outbound motion by constantly testing and tweaking approaches with prospects  collecting data and collaborating with the team to share your finds
Receive best-in-class mentorship on how to be a strategic and successful SDR to accelerate your career into becoming an excellent Team Lead and Account Executive


Experience

Are mission-driven and passionate about Merge as a product
Possess inherent grit and resourcefulness. This will be challenging, but that excites you so you can develop and iterate your overall sales skills
Thrive in a collaborative environment in which you actively listen, provide meaningful feedback, and positively motivate others and yourself
Constantly ask and are open to feedback and coaching
Have a growth mindset and are adaptable to new tasks and processes
Maintain an ability to multitask and manage your time efficiently
Have phenomenal communication skills both verbal and written


Compensation

The cash compensation range for this role is 82,500 - 105,000.
Actual compensation packages are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years  depth of experience, certifications. In addition to cash compensation, all employees receive an equity compensation package.


Benefits

Unlimited PTO  10 company holidays
100 covered health, vision, and dental insurance
401K Plan
200 one-time home office stipend
Free dinner when working past 7pm
Merge is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other protected class.