At Merge, we revolutionize the way B2B companies integrate. Unfamiliar with the integration problem? The average company expects to spend hundreds of hours a year integrating with dozens or more vendors. Alignment between sales, partnerships, product management, design, engineering, and customer success (a lot, right?) is absolutely critical — and a major headache. Integrations are a to-do that goes on and on.
Our Unified API empowers developers to offer integrations with hundreds of platforms instantly. Now were hiring for you: an ambitious leader ready to help build, design, and support enterprise-grade software scaled to millions of users.
Are you ready to be part of a team redefining how companies build for the future? Apply now!
Responsibilities

Train other members of the SDRBDR Team to identify, contact, and create qualified opportunities
Plan for hiring and onboarding new SDRs and BDRs
Improve the performance and abilities of your team over time by providing coaching and feedback in recurring weekly 1:1s and team meetings
Work closely with the Marketing team to provide feedback on MQLs and campaigns, as well as develop effective messaging to convert inbound interest into qualified pipeline
Build and execute on a prospecting plan for key accounts to develop and contact to drive qualified outbound pipeline generation
Work closely with Sales and Marketing to build and improve opportunity management and qualification processes
Develop and track KPIs as well as forecast attainment on a weekly, monthly and quarterly basis

Requirements

Leadership experience in sales or marketing - for a technical, B2B product preferred
Experience in sales operations andor marketing automation software preferred
Ability to create repeatable sales processes 
Self-motivated and comfortable in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment
Prior experience as an early employee at a startup with an API product or developer tool are a bonus


 
Benefits
- Unlimited PTO  10 company holidays
- 100 covered health, vision, and dental insurance
- 401K Plan
- 200 one-time home office stipend
- Free dinner when working past 7pmMerge is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other protected class.