At Merge, we revolutionize the way B2B companies integrate. Unfamiliar with the integration problem? The average company expects to spend hundreds of hours a year integrating with dozens or more vendors. Alignment between sales, partnerships, product management, design, engineering, and customer success (a lot, right?) is absolutely critical — and a major headache. Integrations are a to-do that goes on and on.
Our Unified API empowers developers to offer integrations with hundreds of platforms instantly. Now were hiring for you: an ambitious leader ready to help build, design, and support enterprise-grade software scaled to millions of users.
Are you ready to be part of a team redefining how companies build for the future? Apply now!Who are we looking for?
We are seeking a creative, driven Recruiter to join our dynamic Talent team! You will play a crucial role in driving our incredible growth and will work closely with key stakeholders to ensure were meeting and exceeding our growth targets. If you are passionate about building premier orgs, possess exceptional organizational and analytical skills, and thrive in a fast-paced environment, we want to hear from you!
What will you be doing?

Manage full-cycle recruiting processes ensuring a smooth and positive candidate experience
Support our Tech hiring needs with the opportunity to drive GTM and GA hiring as needed
Build relationships with key stakeholders and deeply understand the requirements for all hires and their impact on the company
Negotiate offers by partnering with hiring manager and any relevant stakeholders
Compile, analyze, and capture insights from data to support business decisions
Drive diversity recruiting strategy and impact results in support of broader teams
Be attuned to the external talent landscape to understand current trends in technology; use this knowledge to be responsive and drive creative approaches and solutions to our recruiting activities

What experience is required?

6 years of experience as a top-performing recruiter at high-growth companies. 1-2 years of agency recruiting experience preferred.
Consistent track record of identifying, engaging and closing top talent
Experience building scalable hiring processes that delight internal stakeholders and candidates
Deep stakeholder empathy and unrivaled communication skills
Full cycle recruiting skills, from sourcing to close
Tech hiring experience preferred

Compensation

The cash compensation range for this role is 120,000-150,000.
Actual compensation packages are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years  depth of experience, certifications. In addition to cash compensation, all employees receive an equity compensation package.

Benefits

Unlimited PTO  10 company holidays
100 covered health, vision, and dental insurance
401K Plan
Free dinner when working past 7pm
Merge is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other protected class.