At Merge, we revolutionize the way B2B companies integrate. Unfamiliar with the integration problem? The average company expects to spend hundreds of hours a year integrating with dozens or more vendors. Alignment between sales, partnerships, product management, design, engineering, and customer success (a lot, right?) is absolutely critical — and a major headache. Integrations are a to-do that goes on and on.
Our Unified API empowers developers to offer integrations with hundreds of platforms instantly. Now were hiring for you: an ambitious leader ready to help build, design, and support enterprise-grade software scaled to millions of users.
Are you ready to be part of a team redefining how companies build for the future? Apply now!Merge looking for a Visual Designer who is enthusiastic about crafting the vision, visual identity, and scalable visual system across our website, marketing materials, and our suite of integrations products. Youll work closely with Product Designers, Marketing, Product Managers, and Engineering to communicate stories, elicit delight, and inspire confidence in the interfaces used by our customers developer teams. Youll be on the ground floor of a fast-growing start up, playing a key role in helping to grow Merges product development and design processes and shape our culture.
Responsibilities 

Critically consider every touchpoint we have with the Merge user to find strategic ways to visualize and establish our products values
Collaborate with cross-functional partners including marketing, product, engineering, and research to interpret, define, and evolve the visual language of Merge across our products, marketing, and branding
Synthesize multiple sources of inspiration, research, feedback, and strategic symbolism into a coherent and original design vision
Create polished visual design components that are consistent and reusable within the overall design system with attention to detail
Document usage guidelines for our visual design systems components and styles to enable cross functional partners to ship fast and effectively

Experience

Strong portfolio demonstrating proficient storytelling, skillful conceptual abstraction, visual craft, and attention to detail
3 years of full-time visual design experience in a product andor marketing context
Ability to establish and evolve the visual identity of a brand to cater to a targeted market
Adept understanding of information presentation, typography, color, consistency, and systematic use of style
Experience with design and prototyping tools such as Figma and Adobe Suite
Motivated towards inclusive design and accessibility best practices
Experience creating and maintaining both product and brand design systems
Thrives in fast-paced startup environment
Excellent communication and collaboration skills, particularly around elaborating the thought process behind design proposals
Conscientious mindset of ownership over design quality and achievement of user-oriented goals

Nice To Haves

Portfolio demonstrating asset creation including iconography and illustrations
Familiarity with prototyping tools such as Principle, Framer, After Effects
Motion and interaction design

Compensation

The cash compensation range for this role is 120,000 - 140,000.
Actual compensation packages are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years  depth of experience, certifications. In addition to cash compensation, all employees receive an equity compensation package.
Merge is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other protected class.