At Merge, we revolutionize the way B2B companies integrate. Unfamiliar with the integration problem? The average company expects to spend hundreds of hours a year integrating with dozens or more vendors. Alignment between sales, partnerships, product management, design, engineering, and customer success (a lot, right?) is absolutely critical — and a major headache. Integrations are a to-do that goes on and on.
Our Unified API empowers developers to offer integrations with hundreds of platforms instantly. Now were hiring for you: an ambitious leader ready to help build, design, and support enterprise-grade software scaled to millions of users.
Are you ready to be part of a team redefining how companies build for the future? Apply now!Merge is seeking a talented and motivated Data Scientist to join our team! As our first Data Scientist at Merge, you will play a pivotal role in analyzing complex data sets, developing machine learning models, and extracting valuable insights to empower our customers and enhance our products. 
Responsibilities

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify data-driven solutions to business problems and opportunities.
Collect, clean, and preprocess data from various sources to create high-quality datasets for analysis.
Perform exploratory data analysis (EDA) to uncover patterns, trends, and anomalies.
Evaluate model performance and refine algorithms to ensure accuracy and reliability.
Create data visualizations and reports to communicate findings effectively to stakeholders.
Work closely with engineering teams to deploy and integrate models into production systems.

Experience

Bachelors or Masters degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Statistics, or a related field.
5 years of full-time data science experience (7 preferred) 
Experience with common ML Libraries (Pytorch, Scikit-Learn, etc.) preferable 
Extensive knowledge of SQL databases (Postgres preferred)
Proficiency in programming languages such as Python or R for data analysis and model development.
Knowledge of data visualization tools (e.g., Matplotlib, Seaborn, Tableau) and data manipulation libraries (e.g., Pandas, NumPy).

Compensation

The cash compensation range for this role is 135,000 - 175,000
Actual compensation packages are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years  depth of experience, certifications. In addition to cash compensation, all employees receive an equity compensation package.

Benefits

Unlimited PTO  10 company holidays
100 covered health, vision, and dental insurance
401K Plan
200 one-time home office stipend
Free dinner when working past 7pm
Merge is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other protected class.