At Merge, we revolutionize the way B2B companies integrate. Unfamiliar with the integration problem? The average company expects to spend hundreds of hours a year integrating with dozens or more vendors. Alignment between sales, partnerships, product management, design, engineering, and customer success (a lot, right?) is absolutely critical — and a major headache. Integrations are a to-do that goes on and on.
Our Unified API empowers developers to offer integrations with hundreds of platforms instantly. Now were hiring for you: an ambitious leader ready to help build, design, and support enterprise-grade software scaled to millions of users.
Are you ready to be part of a team redefining how companies build for the future? Apply now!Technical Support Engineer at MergeAs a Technical Support Engineer, you will be responsible for providing high-quality support to our customers and prospects, including troubleshooting technical issues and assisting with integrating Merge into our customers products. Youll work closely with engineering and platform teams to debug issues, squash bugs, and prioritize customer requests. The ideal candidate will have a strong technical background with experience with APIs, excellent problem-solving skills, and excellent communication and customer service skills. Your work as a Technical Support Engineer will be of high value and have a direct impact, with increased levels of internal and external visibility.
Responsibilities:- Provide technical support to customers via online chat, email and Slack- Troubleshoot technical issues and provide solutions to customers in a timely manner- Assist with the integration of Merge into our customers product- Collaborate with other teams, including engineering and platform, to identify and resolve customer issues- Create and maintain help center guides and documentation- Create the foundation for a successful and rapidly growing support engineering team!
Experience:- Computer science background or other technicalquantitative orientation- Strong verbal and written communication skills- Strong problem-solving skills- Strong work ethic, goal-oriented, and great attention to detail- Prior startup experience is a plus Benefits- Unlimited PTO  10 company holidays- Quality health, vision, and dental insurance- 401K Plan- 200 one-time home office stipend- Free dinner when working past 7pmMerge is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other protected class.