At Merge, we revolutionize the way B2B companies integrate. Unfamiliar with the integration problem? The average company expects to spend hundreds of hours a year integrating with dozens or more vendors. Alignment between sales, partnerships, product management, design, engineering, and customer success (a lot, right?) is absolutely critical — and a major headache. Integrations are a to-do that goes on and on.
Our Unified API empowers developers to offer integrations with hundreds of platforms instantly. Now were hiring for you: an ambitious leader ready to help build, design, and support enterprise-grade software scaled to millions of users.
Are you ready to be part of a team redefining how companies build for the future? Apply now! 
Responsibilities

Participate in roadmapping and architecture discussions
Produce high-quality, production-ready, readable, maintainable code
Lead large projects from initial inception to production
Unblock and support your team of peers including engineers, designers, product managers, and business operators

 
Experience

4 years of full-time software engineering experience (6 preferred)
Experience with frameworks (Django, Rails, Spring, React, Vue.js, Angular, etc.)
Extensive knowledge of SQL databases (Postgres preferred)



Compensation

The cash compensation range for this role is 135,000 - 250,000.
Actual compensation packages are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years  depth of experience, certifications. In addition to cash compensation, all employees receive an equity compensation package.



Benefits

Unlimited PTO  10 company holidays
100 covered health, vision, and dental insurance
401K Plan
200 one-time home office stipend
Free dinner when working past 7pm
Merge is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other protected class.