As a Project Coordinator, youll be responsible for supporting the resolution of IT issues, coordinating large office moves, and providing exceptional support to our VIP customers, with the goal to make an impact across the federal government. The ideal candidate will possess a strong background in IT project management, excellent communication skills, and the ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced environment.   
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

 Manage and oversee the resolution of IT issues by coordinating with technical teams, stakeholders, and vendors to ensure timely and effective problem resolution.
Develop and maintain a comprehensive understanding of the organizations IT infrastructure, systems, and processes to efficiently troubleshoot and provide appropriate solutions.
Lead and coordinate large-scale office moves, including planning, logistics, resource allocation, and timeline management to ensure a smooth transition with minimal disruption.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including IT, facilities, and other relevant departments, to ensure seamless execution of office moves, including the setup and relocation of IT equipment, infrastructure, and services.
Act as a primary point of contact for VIP customers, providing high-quality support, promptly addressing their issues, and ensuring their satisfaction.
Establish and maintain strong relationships with VIP customers, understanding their unique needs, and proactively addressing any concerns or requests to ensure a personalized and exceptional customer experience.
Monitor and manage project timelines, milestones, and deliverables, ensuring adherence to project objectives and timelines.
Prepare and present regular project status updates, reports, and documentation to stakeholders, senior management, and clients as required.
Identify and mitigate project risks and issues, implementing appropriate contingency plans and escalation processes when necessary.

What youll need to succeed: 

At least two years of experience as a project manager, managing large-scale office moves and coordinating details between IT groups, physical supplymovement groups, and stakeholders.
Experience managing personnel, inventory, and other IT assets, along with experience identifying and implementing business process improvements for inventory and personnel management.
Knowledge and understanding of IT systems, infrastructure, and troubleshooting methodologies.
Excellent organizational and time management skills, with the ability to prioritize tasks effectively and meet deadlines.
Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to interact professionally with VIP customers, stakeholders, and team members at all levels.
Demonstrated ability to work well under pressure and in a fast-paced environment, along with strong problem-solving and decision-making abilities, with a proactive and analytical approach to issue resolution.
Ability to be onsite 5 days a week in downtown Washington, DC and an Active TSSCI clearance.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 