As a Cybersecurity Risk Analyst, you will play a critical role in safeguarding the sensitive information and digital assets of our government program. You will be responsible for assessing, identifying, and mitigating cybersecurity risks, ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information systems and data, with the goal of making an impact across the federal government. 
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Conduct comprehensive risk assessments to identify potential vulnerabilities, threats, and weaknesses in the government programs information systems and infrastructure.
Stay up-to-date with the latest cybersecurity threats and trends, and integrate threat intelligence into risk assessments and mitigation strategies.
Manage and prioritize vulnerabilities identified in systems and applications through continuous monitoring, scanning, and assessment tools.
Ensure that the government programs cybersecurity practices adhere to all relevant government regulations, standards, and industry best practices.
Assist in the development, implementation, and maintenance of cybersecurity frameworks such as NIST, CIS, or ISO to enhance security posture.
Collaborate with incident response teams to investigate security incidents and breaches, provide support in containment and recovery efforts, and conduct post-incident analysis.
Maintain accurate and up-to-date records of risk assessments, security incidents, and remediation efforts.
Prepare and present reports to senior management and stakeholders, highlighting cybersecurity risks, vulnerabilities, and mitigation progress.

What youll need to succeed: 

A Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Security, or a related field and strong knowledge of cybersecurity frameworks, standards, and regulations, such as NIST SP 800-53, FISMA, and HIPAA.
At least 5 years of experience in cybersecurity risk analysis, risk management, or related roles, preferably in a government or highly regulated environment.
Proficiency in risk assessment methodologies, vulnerability scanning tools, and threat intelligence sources, along with excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to assess complex cybersecurity risks.
Effective communication and presentation skills to convey technical information to non-technical stakeholders and proficiency in incident response, security incident handling, and forensic analysis techniques.
Familiarity with security assessment tools, vulnerability scanning tools, and intrusion detectionprevention systems.
An active TSSCI Clearance with CI poly preferred or active TSSCI with the ability to pass a CI poly
Relevant certifications (e.g., CISSP, CEH, GIAC) and government-specific certifications (e.g., DoD 8570) are highly desirable.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 