As a Human-Centered Design Lead, youll join our dynamic team in a large government program focused on cloud development and cloud service delivery and play a pivotal role in shaping the user experience and driving the adoption of cloud services across various government agencies, with the goal of making an impact across the federal government.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Develop and champion a human-centered design strategy that aligns with the programs mission and goals. Advocate for user-centric approaches at all levels of decision-making.
Lead, mentor, and inspire a team of designers, researchers, and usability experts. Foster a collaborative and innovative design culture that values continuous improvement and learning.
Plan, conduct, and analyze user research activities to gain deep insights into user behaviors, needs, and pain points. Translate research findings into actionable design recommendations.
Drive the creation of intuitive, accessible, and aesthetically pleasing cloud service interfaces and experiences that prioritize user needs while meeting technical requirements and security standards.
Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including developers, engineers, product managers, and stakeholders to ensure alignment between design vision and technical feasibility.
Lead the creation of prototypes and mockups to visualize design concepts and interactions. Conduct usability testing and iterate designs based on user feedback.
Advocate for inclusive design principles and ensure that the services are accessible to individuals with diverse abilities and needs.
Establish and maintain design guidelines, patterns, and best practices that promote consistency and coherence across the programs cloud services.
Engage with government agencies, end-users, and stakeholders to gather feedback, build relationships, and refine design strategies.

What youll need to succeed: 

A Bachelors or Masters degree in Human-Computer Interaction, Design, User Experience, or a related field.
10 years of experience leading human-centered design efforts, preferably in large-scale cloud development or government projects.
A strong portfolio showcasing successful design projects and the ability to articulate design rationale, along with proficiency in design tools such as Adobe Creative Suite, Sketch, Figma, etc.
Expertise in user research techniques, usability testing, and user-centered design methodologies.
Excellent leadership and team management skills, with the ability to inspire and mentor a diverse design team.
Strong communication and presentation skills, with the ability to convey design concepts and principles to technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Knowledge of information technologies including cloud, service delivery models, and government processes is a plus.
Familiarity with accessibility standards (e.g., WCAG) and inclusive design practices, along with a problem-solving mindset, adaptability, and a passion for driving positive user experiences in complex environments.
An Active TSSCI clearance with CI poly preferred or Active TSSCI clearance with the ability to pass a CI poly.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 