As a Service Desk Technician, youll provide onsite 24x7x365 ITIL-based Service Desk focused on mission-critical incidents at Post and VIPs. Youll also monitor service desk queues and assign tickets to Deskside Support team members based on volume and skill set, with the goal to make an impact across the federal government. 
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Provide support to end users for either PC, server, or applications and hardware
Interact with network services, software systems engineering, andor applications development to restore service andor identify and correct core problems.
Simulate or recreate user problems to resolve operating problems and serve as a liaison with customers and our clients to resolve issues, track problems and provide solutions.
Provide technical assistance via phone, email and additionally in person, as required.
Provide ad-hoc equipment and software tutorials, as well as perform daily quality checks and produce a weekly report.
Monitor service desk queues and assign tickets to Deskside Support team members based on volume and skill set.
Integrate knowledge management and training in ServiceDesk operations.

What youll need to succeed: 

2 years of experience with ServiceNow andor Remedy and 2 years of experience doing Help Desk operations.
Knowledgeexperience in resolving problems associated with hardware and software issues that may result from PCs, Server, mainframe, application.
An understanding of PC hardware and connectivity components, a strong knowledge of Windows 7 and Windows 10, and experience supporting monitoring tools.
A high school diploma and an active an active Secret clearance (clearable up to Top-Secret).

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 