As a Sr. Software Security Engineer, youll need to be a dynamic Open-Source Software Security Engineer to fortify our commitment to ensuring the utmost security in our open-source endeavors, with the goal of making an impact across the federal government. 
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Take charge of ensuring that the companys software and systems are resilient against potential threats, vulnerabilities, and malicious dependencies related to open-source usage.
Spearheaded the evaluation, testing, and management of top-tier open-source security tools and technologies.
Regularly conduct security audits, and risk assessments, and detect anomalies.
Shape and uphold robust security policies, protocols, and procedures.
Pioneer advanced research into the latest open-source threats and strategize effective countermeasures.
Collaborate closely with software development teams to ensure adherence to secure coding norms.
Impart training and insights on best security practices and the latest technologies to colleagues.
Stay consistently updated with the latest in security news, advisories, and penetration techniques.
Lead our contributions to the open-source community, sharing our security findings, patches, and modules.
Mentor and guide junior security engineers, laying down the path for an advanced security plan and strategy.

What youll need to succeed: 

A secret security clearance and a Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related discipline.
A minimum of 7 years experience in application security and a minimum of 5 years experience in open-source security.
Proven track record as a Security Engineer or a similar capacity, specifically within the open-source spectrum.
In-depth grasp of the open-source software world, its licensing nuances, and the entire ecosystem, along with an understanding of the risks it presents.
Proficiency in risk assessment tools, technologies, and methods.
Command over scripting and programming languages, notably Python, Java, Go, JavaScript, and .NET.
Astute understanding of threats, their modeling, and how they can impact our business frameworks.
Staying ahead of the curve: Familiarity with the latest in security, cloud, application, and open-source security trends.
A profound understanding of application development life cycle methodologies, including agile software development, rapid prototyping, incremental models, synchronize and stabilize, and DevSecOps.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 