
As a Senior Solutions Architect, youll research, design, and implement solutions to improve analysis, design, and development tools, with the goal to make an impact across the federal government. Research, design, and implement solutions to improve analysis, design, and development tools


We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 


If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 



What youll do: 



Lead all aspects of architecting for this mission-critical project.
Collaborate closely with key stakeholder partners and the IT team to evaluate requests for new systems, applications, product standards, and services.
Work on the core platform to create and optimize all functions needed to establish a strong platform infrastructure.





What youll need to succeed: 



Active TSSCI preferred or active Top Secret (TS) clearance with ability to pass SCI. 
A bachelors degree and a minimum of 8-10 years of experience as a Solutions Architect, with a specialization in containerization processes and solutions. 
Experience with Infrastructure as Code (IaC), containerization, K8s, and CICD Automation.
Direct experience implementing Kubernetes on an infrastructure (i.e., not leveraging Kubernetes as a platform such as Amazon EKS).
Experience with a diverse set of core processing platform technologies across on premises, SaaS, and Cloud environments (e.g., AWS, Azure).
Experience with container orchestration tools (Rancher, OpenShift, etc.) and working in a DevSecOps environment.
Experience collaborating with key resources and stakeholders, influencing decisions, and managing work to achieve goals required.
Experience successfully leading a team of 6 or greater on a highly visible and mission critical project.
Ability to establish and maintain a high level of client trust and confidence with your skills.
Ability to work both on a team as well as individually and can think out of the box to help with troubleshooting issues and providing innovative solutions that fit customers needs.





Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 



Dont meet every single requirement?   


Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 


What we want you to know: 


In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 


MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 


Not ready to apply now?  


Sign up to join our newsletter here. 
