As a Cloud Network Engineer, youll enable capabilities for secure cloud infrastructure operations. You will also engineer, design, plan, implement, operate and sustain the networking infrastructure to support hybrid-cloud operations including Software Defined Data Center operations, cloud integration, and fully native cloud environments. Your responsibilities will ensure successful and secure operations of a multi-cloud on-prem and cloud-hosted enterprise capability supporting worldwide USMC customers, with the goal to make an impact across the federal government. 
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Participate with the Networking and larger Infrastructure and Operations teams to enable networking capability for a hybrid-cloud environment.
Secure, operate, sustain the on-prem and hybrid-cloud software-defined data center using CISCO, F5, Palo Alto and VMWares NSX-T systems along with native cloud tools 24x7 including rotational on-call and after-hours patching requirements
Design, plan, engineer, and implement the network infrastructure for classified and unclassified networks including on-prem, hybrid-cloud and native cloud environments focused specifically on VMWare Cloud on AWS, AWS, and Azure
Document networking infrastructure, data flows, security compliance, and ports-and-protocols requirements to ensure design and operations capabilities
Identify future cloud networking capability requirements for consideration in engineering and design processes including evaluation of and recommendations for hardware, software, and new capabilities.
Perform networking roles in Agile and traditional project teams to ensure the successful implementation of secure networking operations
Develop and implement management and monitoring capabilities to provide pro-active event identification to prevent incidents and outages
Serve as Tier III Networking support responding to and remediating vulnerabilities, incidents, outages as needed including troubleshooting, after action review, or escalation and engagement with the vendor.
Provide training and mentorship in areas of subject matter expertise to others on the team and maintain networking documentation and security plans for networking infrastructure.

What youll need to succeed: 

A Bachelors of Science degree with 10-12 years of experience or a Masters of Science degree with 8-10 years of experience, or Phd with 5-7 years of experience.
Senior level experience engineering, implementing, operating, maintaining, securing CISCO and NSX-T infrastructure in Software Defined Data Center andor cloud environments (AWS Azure preferred).
Experience with Proxy configurations, F5 GTMLTM (APM AFM, ASM) and irules is preferred.
Experience engineering, configuring maintaining, and securing Palo Altos.
Experience with implementing networking configurations to support datacenter operations such as IIS, Apache, Encryption (FIPS), SSL Off-loading, DOD PKI, OCSP.
Senior-level experience configuring and operating networks in a STIG-compliant environment and documenting any required Plans of Action and Milestones
Experience with proactive management and monitoring tools such as VMWare Aria (vRealize Operations) and VMWare Log Insight as well as networking systems-native management and monitoring tools.
Experience working with an enterprise ticketing system, such as BMC Remedy, and experience operating in ITIL and AgilePMP frameworks.
DoD 8140 IAT II Certification and an active DOD US Secret Clearance.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 