As an Automation Tester, youll deliver mission-critical services that empower end users, with the goal of making an impact across the federal government. The individual should have experience leading the design, development, and testing of programs that run automated tests of hardware and software throughout the development lifecycle.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Work with technical leads, business analysts, product owners, developers, manual testers, etc. to design and develop test automation solutions.
Provide day-to-day support on testing-related activities, such as converting manual test cases to automated regression test scripts.
Prioritize product releases in a CICD pipeline, participate in Agile ceremonies, and deliver on your commitments.
Participate in reporting metrics for both manual and automated testing.
Document technical designs and how-to instructions.

What youll need to succeed: 

The ability to obtain and maintain a DHS Suitability.
A bachelors degree and 7 years of experience doing testing supporting development efforts.
Experience designing, developing, and running scripts to automate testing.
Experience collaborating closely with developers and QA analysts.
Experience identifying issues, bugs, and feedback.
Experience developing reports and analysis with testing results.
Familiarity with and the ability to regularly apply automation testing frameworks.
Experience researching software issues through testing and proficiency in programming languages (e.g., Java, JavaScript, Groovy, ASP.NET, Kotlin, Ruby, Swift, etc.).

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 