As a Product Manager, youll play a critical part in shaping and delivering cutting-edge solutions that meet the unique needs of our government partners with the goal of making an impact across the federal government. Your expertise in both product management and government processes will be essential as you collaborate with cross-functional teams to design, develop, and launch innovative IT and cloud products.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Build strong relationships with government stakeholders, understanding their requirements, challenges, and objectives.
Serve as the primary point of contact, ensuring alignment between the product development roadmap and government priorities.
Develop a comprehensive product strategy tailored to the government sector and conduct market research, competitive analysis, and customer feedback gathering to identify opportunities for new products and enhancements to existing offerings.
Create and maintain a clear and prioritized product roadmap that aligns with the government clients objectives and timelines.
Collaborate with engineering, design, and other teams to define features, functionalities, and project milestones.
Translate government client needs into detailed product requirements, user stories, and use cases.
Clearly communicate these requirements to development teams and ensure accurate implementation.
Ensure the quality and performance of products meet government standards and compliance requirements.
Coordinate testing and validation processes to guarantee reliability, security, and functionality.
Prepare reports and presentations that effectively communicate product plans, progress, and results.

What youll need to succeed: 

A Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Business, or a related field. Advanced degrees or relevant certifications are a plus.
10 years in product management, preferably with a focus on IT and cloud products.
An in-depth understanding of government processes, compliance, and security requirements related to IT and cloud solutions.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to make data-driven decisions, and exceptional communication and interpersonal abilities to effectively collaborate with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Proficiency in agile methodologies and project management tools, along with experience with market research, competitive analysis, and product positioning.
Familiarity with software development lifecycle and technical concepts related to IT and cloud services.
A demonstrated track record of successfully launching and managing products from concept to market.
The Ability to thrive in a dynamic and fast-paced environment, adapting to changing priorities and requirements.
An Active TSSCI clearance with CI poly preferred or Active TSSCI clearance with ability to pass a CI poly

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 