As a Program Manager, youll use your experience leading programs in DevSecOps, Cloud, and Cyber within the National Security business unit, specifically supporting the Intel account and a Senior Program Manager, to make an impact across the federal government. Our National Security business unit is responsible for enabling transformative improvements and IT modernization for our clients mission-critical solutions. 
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Support a Senior Program Manager in accomplishing program and project objectives.
Be a problem solver on the team, identifying innovative solutions to project deadlocks and resolving issues and constraints through consensus and sound judgment.
Work closely with the development teams comprised of SDEs, Data Scientists, Product Managers, UX Designers and play a leadership role in product architecture and design.
Develop, cultivate, and manage client relationships and maintain lines of communication and delivery with government contracts and contracts technical representative staff.
Assist in team development while holding teams accountable for their commitments and removing roadblocks to their work.
Leverage the organizations resources to improve capacity for project work; and interview, select, develop, and evaluate team members.
Define and manage project management processes and champion ongoing process improvement initiatives to implement best practices for technical project management.
Promote the empowerment of the team, ensure that each team member is fully engaged in the project and making a meaningful contribution, and encourage a sustainable pace with high levels of quality for the team.
Manage project financials and support contract documents, ensuring a healthy project gross margin, appropriate staff utilization, funding and contracts paperwork, invoicing, and payments, budgeted to actual variances, financial and staffing projections, estimate to complete and estimate at completion, project management review reporting, and, if appropriate, earned-value reporting.
Prioritize, lead, and manage the tasking of a project team and completion of assignments, as well as evaluate, prioritize, and manage the impacts of project scope changes.
Collect and translate business requirements into technical requirements and escalate project risks to the appropriate MetroStar and client stakeholders.

What youll need to succeed: 

A bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology Management or Engineering, or other comparable degree or experience; advanced degree a plus.
A minimum of five (5) years of delivery leadership of complex federal programs
At least one (1) year of specialized experience in leading IT DevSecOps projects and managing large Agile teams.
Experience supporting the Intelligence Community and delivering a full range of IT support services, including development and modernization using Human-Centered Design (HCD), Agile, and DevSecOps; and operations and maintenance for mission applications (on-premises and cloud environments).
Experience establishing and providing clear communication to executive leadership including reporting, forecasting, strategic roadmaps, risk assessments, and stakeholder expectation management.
Experience monitoring and managing the financials and staffing of large IT programs
Strong interpersonal skills including mentoring, coaching, collaborating, and team building.
Strong written and oral communication skills
Demonstrated ability to determine and implement improvements for program to achieve quality, and customer excellence.
An active TSSCI Clearance with CI poly preferred or active TSSCI with the ability to pass a CI poly.
An Agile SAFe certification andor Scrum Certification is a plus.
A PMP certification is a plus.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 