As a Database Administrator (DBA), youll support one of our Agile teams as we deliver mission-critical services that empower end users. This is a part-time, fully remote role.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Creating and maintaining database standards and policies.
Supporting database design, creation, and testing activities.
Managing the database availability and performance, including incident and problem management.
Administering database objects to achieve optimum utilization.

What youll need to succeed: 

Oracle databases in Amazon RDS instances and proficiency in SQL
writing new and modifying existing stored proceduresscriptstriggers
writing batch jobs and the ability to write and query from complex databases
collaborating with development teams to optimize query performance and troubleshoot any related issues
admin capabilities such as creating usersroles and database instances locally and in higher environments
knowledge of IT security and data base management best practices
the ability to obtain and maintain DHS Suitability

Youll really stand out if you have experience:

collaborating with stakeholders to identify, analyze, and provide technical recommendations for reporting and analytic capabilities, data retrieval logistics, and database optimization efforts
optimizing database performance by conducting performance tuning, query optimization, and indexing to improve overall performance and capabilities
ability to identify performance bottlenecks and resolve them, including but not limited to identifying potential missing indices, reviewing query plans and applying query plan hints, deep understanding of the Oracle query optimizer
ability to perform administration tasks for Oracle databases such as ensuring auditing is enabled, ensuring user accesses are monitored, and ensuring that the database security best practices are adhered to

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
The Admin Stuff:  In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.
The Legal Stuff:  MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems.