As a Sr. Solution Architect, youll integrate with cross-functional teams specializing in development, solutions, and business process analysis, informing the architecture and implementation of business processes, programs, plans and guidance for DoD Business Systems- with the goal of making an impact across the federal government. 
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Lead the effort to architect a future state design of end-to-end technology and data solution that meet modernization goals.
Collaborate closely with government stakeholders, business, and technical teams to understand modernization needs, goals, and requirements.
Create architectural blueprints, diagrams, and documentation to communicate technical designs effectively.
Recommend and develop IT transformation roadmap to reach future state.
Collaborate with senior management and government officials to define long-term technology strategies that align with the clients mission and goals.
Evaluate emerging technologies and industry trends, recommending innovative solutions to enhance efficiency and effectiveness.
Play role in solutioning for company proposals or other business development efforts.

What youll need to succeed: 

A Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field.
At least 10 years as a Solution Architect, with a significant portion dedicated to government projects or clients.
Experience designing and architecting a wide variety of solutions to include platform, cloud, system, etc. for large-scale projects.
In-depth knowledge of government technology standards, regulations, and security requirements.
Strong expertise in solution design, system integration, and architecture patterns.
Proficiency in a wide range of technologies and platforms, both established and emerging.
Excellent leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills.
Secret Clearance or the ability to obtain.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 