As a Sr. Systems Integrator, youll draw on your skills and experience with HubSpot CRM platform to create modules and packages that are holistically sound and will then become a larger system, as well as contribute to discussions regarding the design of a set of solutions that will maximize the potential of the HubSpot platform,  with the goal to make an impact across the federal government. 
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Lead the architectural design, development, and deployment of the HubSpot suite, with a primary focus on Marketing Hub and its CMS abilities.
Work closely with project stakeholders, understanding unique requirements and ensuring the HubSpot solution aligns perfectly.
Design, develop, and implement API integrations between HubSpot and external platforms, such as Google, Meta, Twitter, TikTok, and email marketing databases.
Seamlessly integrate HubSpot CRM with Dynamics CRM Cloud Services to create a unified platform.
Collaborate with content, marketing, and operational teams to ensure each HubSpot product effectively supports their project-specific needs.
Ensure data accuracy and synchronization between systems, enabling seamless data flow for targeted marketing efforts.

What youll need to succeed: 

A Bachelors degree in computer science or other computer-related disciplines. Additional years of experience will be considered in lieu of a degree.
7 years experience in IT and 3 years as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) with hands-on experience configuring and implementing Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software solutions.
Detailed understanding of the development of modules within HubSpot and how those modules tie into a broader solution.
Proficiency in programming using HubL, Java, JavaScript, and XML and their use in the development of CRM solutions.
Proven experience implementing solutions using the HubSpot out-of-the-box functionalities and custom codes as and when required.
Proven hands-on experience working with data sources, APIs, and integration tools to ensure seamless data flow and accurate data management within the HubSpot ecosystem.
Broad understanding of SDLC concepts as well as system design including REST APIs, OAuth 2.0, SOAP.
Proven experience with data management and governance best practices including privacy and consent.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 