As a Principal UX Architect, youll deliver mission-critical services that empower end users, with the goal to make an impact across the federal government. Youll be a guiding force for cross-functional agile teams and help cultivate a human-centered culture across all work streams.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure that HCD principles are integrated into the planning and execution of change projects.
Communicate to craft and deliver tailored messages to various audiences to keep them informed and engaged in the change process. T
Regularly assess the end-users feedback on products and features, as well as gather pain points. 
Focus on identifying potential challenges and implementing strategies to address them, all while keeping a close eye on performance metrics to measure the impact of your efforts.
Help identify and set productservice strategy, envision complex UX ecosystems and inspire teams to push the boundaries of the status quo.
Formulate and socialize a clear vision of the future of federal service design and have the courage to challenge the traditional role of designers in IT teams.
Understand the connection between organizational change management, human-factors psychology, user interface design, technology, and customer experience.
Facilitate difficult discussions about priorities and can effectively improve trust between people and federal services.

What youll need to succeed: 

8 years of digital service experience using human-centered design approaches to deliver large, complex, and interconnected experiences.
Strong leadership and management skills, with the ability to motivate and guide the team and stakeholders through a modernization effort.
Proficient in Design Thinking methodologies.
Extensive experience with UX Research methodologies.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams remotely.
Bachelors degree in business, design or a related field, or equivalent work experience.
An active government-issued DoD Secret security clearance (or higher) or the ability to obtain and maintain.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 