As a Service Desk Lead, youll be responsible for leading a team of service desk technicians, ensuring timely and effective resolution of IT-related issues, and maintaining high levels of client satisfaction with the goal of making an impact across the federal government.  
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Lead, mentor, and supervise a team of service desk technicians, providing guidance, training, and performance feedback.
Foster a collaborative and productive team environment, promoting knowledge sharing and cross-training.
Manage and prioritize incoming service requests and incidents, ensuring timely resolution and adherence to service level agreements.
Troubleshoot and resolve complex technical issues related to hardware, software, networking, and other IT systems.
Escalate critical incidents to appropriate levels of management and collaborate with other IT teams for swift resolution.
Regularly communicate with the client to understand their IT needs, address concerns, and provide updates on service desk performance.
Continuously evaluate and enhance service desk processes and workflows to optimize efficiency and customer experience.
Identify trends in support requests and recommend proactive solutions to minimize future incidents.
Maintain accurate records of incidents, service requests, and resolutions in the service management system.
Generate regular reports on service desk performance metrics, including response times, resolution rates, and customer feedback.
Conduct regular quality checks on service desk interactions, ensuring that technicians adhere to established procedures and deliver consistent service quality.
Coordinate and provide ongoing training to service desk staff to enhance technical skills and customer service capabilities.

What youll need to succeed: 

5 years of experience in providing technical support and troubleshooting in an IT service desk environment.
Strong knowledge of government IT policies, security protocols, and compliance requirements.
Excellent leadership and team management skills, with a track record of at least two years of effectively leading and motivating teams.
Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to communicate technical information to non-technical stakeholders and experience with service management tools and ticketing systems.
IT certifications such as CompTIA A, ITIL, or relevant vendor certifications and strong problem-solving skills and the ability to remain calm under pressure.
An active TSSCI clearance with CI poly preferred or Active TSSCI clearance with ability to pass a CI poly.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 