As a ServiceNow Administrator, youll play a crucial role in configuring, customizing, and maintaining our ServiceNow platform to ensure its optimal performance and alignment with business processes with the goal of making an impact across the federal government. 
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Configure and customize the ServiceNow platform according to business needs, including creating and modifying workflows, business rules, UI policies, catalog items, and other platform components.
Develop and maintain service catalogs, service portals, and user interfaces to enhance end-user experience.
Design and implement automated workflows and processes using ServiceNows Workflow Editor and Orchestration tools.
Collaborate with process owners to streamline and automate manual tasks, improving operational efficiency.
Manage incident and problem management processes within ServiceNow, ensuring timely resolution and root cause analysis.
Monitor and report on incident trends, suggesting improvements to prevent recurring issues and support change management processes by implementing and documenting changes in the ServiceNow Change Management module.
Coordinate with stakeholders to assess the impact of changes and ensure proper communication, as well as provide end-user training and support to ensure effective utilization of the ServiceNow platform.
Assist users in troubleshooting issues, resolving queries, and maximizing platform functionality and manage system upgrades, patches, and maintenance activities in collaboration with technical teams.
Perform regular system health checks, diagnose issues, and implement corrective actions.
Ensure data integrity and accuracy by designing and maintaining data governance practices and data quality standards.

What youll need to succeed: 

At least five years of experience as a ServiceNow Administrator or similar role and strong knowledge of ServiceNow platform components, including Incident Management, Change Management, Problem Management, and Service Catalog.
Proficiency in configuring workflows, business rules, UI policies, and other platform features, along with familiarity with scripting languages (JavaScript, PowerShell, etc.) for customizations and integrations.
Experience in data management and reporting within ServiceNow and wxcellent problem-solving skills and a keen attention to detail.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills for effective collaboration with cross-functional teams.
Active TSSCI clearance with CI poly preferred or Active TSSCI clearance with ability to pass a CI poly.
ServiceNow certification(s) such as Certified System Administrator (CSA) or Certified Implementation Specialist (CIS) is a plus.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 