As Training Operations Manager, youll provide technical expertise and instruction according to customer specifications and standards (operate, maintain, and repair in classroom or laboratory settings), with the goal to make an impact across the federal government. 
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Analyze System and Network related information and interprets it into useable instructiontraining for the intended audience. 
Develop coursewarecontent in specific technical subject matter areas. 
Provide advice to customers on system design and optimal configuration. 
Provide technical telephone support to customers with hardware and software problems.
Provide technical and training input for the development of training proposals. May be required to deploy and train US Forces in CONUS or OCONUS field locations.

What youll need to succeed: 

10 Years experience with Army Battle Simulations environments, specifically within the Training Operations Management Activity (TOMA) domain. (MAMS 10 yrs., BABS w12 yrs.)
Extensive experience with modern and legacy Army and Joint battle simulations systems, including, but not limited to Warfighters Simulation (WARSIM), the WARSIM Intelligence Model (WIM), the Joint Conflict and Tactical Simulation (JCATS), the Intelligence and Electronic Warfare Tactical Proficiency Trainer (IEWTPT), the Multiple UAV Simulation Environment (MUSE), META-VR software, and Common Ground Station and JSTARS simulations, and their application in the training of Intelligence operations.
Experience with the Joint Land Component Constructive Training Capability (JLCCTC), and its federation of LiveVirtualConstructive (LVC) simulations systems, and the Joint Training Environment (JTE). Familiarity with the Armys Decisive Action Training Environment (DATE) scenario, and its derivatives.
Experience operating battle simulations systems on classified networks at the Secret and Top SecretSCI levels.
Extensive experience with High Level Architecture (HLA) and Distributed Interactive Simulations Protocol Data Unit (DIS PDU) protocols and functionality.
Extensive experience with military (ground forces) scenario development, friendly (US and Coalition) and enemy Order of Battle, and ingestiondigitization of scenarios into battle simulations systems.
Experience delivering constructive battle simulations into the Distributed Common Ground System-Army (DCGS-A).
Must be certified at the IAT Level II IAW DoD instruction 8570.1m and eligible for a Top SecretSCI security clearance.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 