Client Executive
Washington, D.C.
As Client Executive, youll possess a deep understanding of the unique challenges and requirements faced by intelligence agencies with the goal to make an impact across the federal government. Our National SecurityIntel group is responsible for providing exceptional support within the intelligence community and with your (minimum of 20 years) experience youll continue to foster long-term relationships that drive client satisfaction, retention, and growth.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers.
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below!
What youll do:

Understand the specific needs, objectives, and challenges of each client and collaborate internally to tailor solutions that align with their goals.
Proactively engage with clients to ensure they are maximizing the value of our solutions and services, offering insights and recommendations for optimization.
Monitor client accounts to identify potential issues and address them in a timely manner, demonstrating a commitment to resolving challenges and delivering exceptional service.
Conduct regular account reviews with clients, showcasing the value delivered, addressing concerns, and identifying opportunities for upselling or cross-selling.
Support growth and business development initiatives within the account.
Collaborate closely with the sales and product teams to communicate client feedback, provide market insights, and contribute to the development of new solutions.
Stay up-to-date with industry trends, emerging technologies, and competitive intelligence to provide strategic guidance to clients.
Act as an advocate for clients within the organization, ensuring their voices are heard and their needs are met.
Travel to client sites as needed to strengthen relationships, gather feedback, and provide in-person support.

What youll need to succeed:

Minimum of 20 years of experience as a government or industry executive, specifically within the intelligence community.
Bachelors degree in a relevant field (advanced degree preferred).
In-depth understanding of intelligence agencies, their missions, and operational requirements with a proven track record of successfully managing and growing client relationships, resulting in high levels of client satisfaction and retention.
Technical aptitude to understand complex solutions and effectively communicate their value to clients with a strong problem-solving ability, and a proactive and results-driven approach to addressing client needs.
Exceptional communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build rapport with diverse stakeholders and willingness to travel as needed to engage with clients and support their needs.
Active TSSCI with CI poly preferred or active TSSCI clearance with ability to pass a CI poly

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades.
Dont meet every single requirement?  
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team
What we want you to know:
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems.
Not ready to apply now? 
Sign up to join our newsletter here.