As Capture Analyst, youll be an essential member of our capture team, serving as a proactive frontline agent to drive growth and success. You will utilize your problem-solving abilities, innate curiosity, exceptional organizational skills, and stellar communication to contribute to our companys growth and success.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers.
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below!
What youll do:
Market Research  Intelligence Gathering:    Identify emerging trends, new RFPs, RFIs, and opportunities, diving deep into industry shifts    Analyze competitors strategies and understand the competitive landscape    Use industry tools (i.e., GovWin, SAM, and Bloomberg, etc.) to gather relevant data, track potential leads, and understand the competitive landscapeEngage  Network at Events:    Attend and actively participate in industry conferences and seminars    Build trusted relationships with potential clients, partners, and industry players, extracting valuable insightsTeaming Collaboration:    Setup and lead meetings with potential partners    Work closely with internal teams, ensuring all collaboration is timely and productiveMaintain and Manage Databases:    Update and meticulously manage a CRM system and ensure that data is organized and accessible    Track engagement metrics and garner insights for the broader growth team
Training  Development:    Stay curious and committed to personal growth through internal training sessions and self-directed learning.
What youll need to succeed:

Bachelors degree, preferably in business, marketing, or a related field.
2-3 years of relevant experience.
Problem-Solving Prowess: Ability to navigate challenges, find solutions, and think on your feet.
Innate Curiosity: A constant urge to learn, understand, and ask the right questions.
Organizational Skills: Ability to manage multiple tasks, prioritize, and stay on top of responsibilities.
Communication Excellence: Articulate, clear, and persuasive in both written and verbal communication.
Familiarity with CRM systems  Dynamics CRM is a plus
Development Path: With growth in experience and demonstrated capabilities, Capture Analysts can transition into more strategic roles within the capture andor growth team
Ability to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance level or higher

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades.
Dont meet every single requirement?  
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team
What we want you to know:
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems.
Not ready to apply now? 
Sign up to join our newsletter here.