As a Sr. Proposal Manager, youll work with all levels of our Management, Technical LeadsSMEs, Pricing, and Recruiting teams to manage, develop, and shape proposal strategies, with the goal to make an impact across the federal government. We are seeking a growth-minded individual to complement our proposal team in Reston, Virginia.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers.
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Drive the proposal team in producing winning proposals in support of our six major practice areas: Human-Centered Design, Applied Intelligence, DevSecOps, Cloud, Cybersecurity and Enterprise IT and three business units.
Be responsible not only for managing and developing large-scale proposals but also for supporting the development of the teams aptitude and alignment with MetroStars business development lifecycle (BDLC).
Coordinate the proposal preparation activities, from capturing competitive and unique differentiators to ultimately crafting winning proposals.

What youll need to succeed: 

5 years of experience managing federal government proposal development and processes required.
A portfolio of experience including assertive project, program, andor technical delivery experience.
Expertise with Microsoft Office suite (MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint Required) and SharePoint.
10 years of industry experience and a bachelors degree OR equivalent combination of education and experience.
Professional leadership skills including superior communication and collaboration skills, and a demonstrated ability to direct and orchestrate large, multi-contractor team efforts.
The ability to be a flexible team leader who functions well in a tight deadline-oriented environment, which includes being available to work overtime, evenings and weekends to ensure a strong delivery.
The ability to obtain a government issued Secret security clearance

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 