As an Associate Network Engineer, youll complete tasks, under direct supervision, assigned by a Senior Network Engineer and will install, configure, and support an organizations local area network (LAN), wide area network (WAN), Agency Internet Network (AIN), Intranet and Internet and other data communications systems or a segment of a network system, with the goal to make an impact across the federal government.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Support the Governments design, development, implementation, operations and maintenance requirements for GEF, supporting NETCOM-wide business processes, automation requirements, and IT management requirements in all NETCOM- managed Army DoDIN sites. 
Design, develop, implement, and maintain automation, workflows, documentation, and processes based on Governments weekly requirements identified in eMASS supporting documentation, SOPs, and TTPs. 
Administer, operate, and maintain the enterprise GEF virtualized management plane via the application of STIGs, patches, templated VM development  deployment, backups, snapshots, break-fix, incident response, service request response and other system operations functions. 
Provide and reinforce security of all assigned systems to ensure confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the information and business processes.

What youll need to succeed: 

2 years of network experience with a bachelors degree.
Knowledge of CISCO environment and products.
Experience developing configuration scripts for automation deployments.
Understanding of design specifications or SAN and VM configurations.
A Secret Clearance or clearable to this level.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 
 