As Sr. Full Stack Developer, youll bring creative architect solutions to end customers with the goal to make an impact across the federal government.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Work with AI team members to operationalize data pipelines and ML tasks.
Provide day-to-day support of deploying Python-native ML pipelines.
Present results to a diverse audience in presentation or report form.
Support architectural leadership, technical support, and advisement services to ensure identity management system technologies are integrated and meet the appropriate security requirements.
Support leadership who engage with senior-level executives at a public-facing Federal agency and provide subject matter expertise in security architecture and other key domain areas.

What youll need to succeed: 

A minimum of eight (8) years of experience in the Information Technology field focusing on development projects using DevSecOps and AWS cloud environments. If school experience is used, at most that would contribute to 2 years of actual experience.
Experience with full stack engineering (defined as proficient in database developmentintegration as well as server and client application developmentintegration), including at least three (3) years of experience deploying production enterprise applications in AWS.
At least three (3) years of specific software engineering experience related to front-end and back-end applications andor data services.
Experience in large-scale, high-performance enterprise big data application deployment and solution architecture on complex heterogeneous environments in AWS.
Experience with automation and engineering tasks, implementation, data, infrastructureoperations, and security engineer tasks in USCIS cloud environments.
The ability to perform, but not limited to, automation and engineering tasks, testing, implementation, data, AIML, infrastructureoperations, and security engineer tasks in USCIS cloud environments.
A bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology Management or Engineering, or other comparable degree or experience.
The ability to obtain and maintain DHS Suitability.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 