As a Scrum Master, youll be responsible for bridging the gap between our business stakeholders and the development team, ensuring effective communication and collaboration throughout the software development lifecycle, with the goal of making an impact across the federal government. You will also be responsible for guiding and implementing Scrum practices to enable the teams productivity and deliver high-quality products on time.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Collaborate with stakeholders to gather, analyze, and document business requirements.
Conduct stakeholder interviews, workshops, and other requirement-gathering techniques to elicit necessary information.
Translate business requirements into functional and non-functional specifications, validate requirements, and ensure alignment with business objectives.
Serve as a Scrum Master for one or more Agile development teams and facilitate Scrum events, including sprint planning, daily stand-ups, sprint reviews, and retrospectives.
Coach and mentor the team on Agile principles, practices, and values, remove impediments, and foster an environment of continuous improvement.
Track and report team progress and metrics to stakeholders and act as a liaison between the business stakeholders and the development team.
Assist in project planning, resource allocation, and risk management and track project milestones and deliverables to ensure timely completion.
Identify and manage project dependencies and critical paths.
Identify and mitigate risks and issues that may impact project success.

What youll need to succeed: 

At least two years of experience as a Business Analyst for software development projects and at least three years of experience as a Scrum Master for software development projects.
Strong understanding of Agile principles and methodologies, particularly Scrum and solid knowledge of business analysis techniques and tools.
Excellent communication, facilitation, and interpersonal skills.
Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities.
Ability to work effectively in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.
Scrum Master certification (CSM).
Experience with Agile project management tools (e.g., Jira).
Active TSSCI clearance with CI poly preferred or Active TSSCI clearance with ability to pass a CI poly
Business Analysis certification (CBAP) is a plus.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 