As a Technical Writer, youll be responsible for creating and maintaining comprehensive technical documentation for our government clients, with the goal of making an impact across the federal government. You will work closely with subject matter experts, project managers, and other stakeholders to ensure that documentation meets regulatory requirements and effectively communicates complex technical information to diverse audiences.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Develop and maintain a wide range of technical documents, including user manuals, technical specifications, system documentation, and process guides.
Collaborate with subject matter experts, engineers, and program managers to gather information and ensure accuracy in technical documentation.
Ensure that all documentation complies with government regulations, standards, and industry best practices.
Tailor documentation for different audiences, including government officials, technical staff, and end-users.
Maintain version control and ensure that documentation is kept up-to-date as systems and processes evolve.
Perform quality reviews and editing of documentation to ensure clarity, consistency, and accuracy.
Identify potential risks or issues related to documentation and work proactively to mitigate them.
Support training programs by creating training materials and resources.
Continuously improve documentation processes and templates to enhance efficiency and quality.

What youll need to succeed: 

Bachelors degree in Technical Writing, English, Communication, or a related field. Masters degree is a plus.
Minimum of 5 years of experience in technical writing, with a focus on supporting large government programs.
Strong understanding of government regulations and compliance requirements (e.g., NIST, FISMA, FedRAMP).
Proficiency in using documentation tools and software (e.g., Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe Acrobat, Confluence).
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to work independently and in a team, managing multiple tasks and deadlines.
Attention to detail and a commitment to producing high-quality documentation.
An active TSSCI clearance with CI poly preferred or Active TSSCI clearance with ability to pass a CI poly.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 