As a Solution Architect, within our National Security BU, youll be a highly integrated and strategic technical leader designing the technical future of our organization with the goal of making an impact across the federal government.  Youll work closely with MetroStars leadership, executive, and technology communities to shape how we evolve our support for our customers and their mission and you will serve as a bridge between our Operational Excellence, growth, and operational leadership teams.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Leverage experience in AIML, Enterprise IT, DevSecOps, Cloud, Data, Application Development, Integration andor Cyber to enable growth.
Research, design, and develop digital services and solutions that synchronize capabilities, capture activities, and client engagements to create differentiation.
Partner with MetroStars growth organization to maintain a broad understanding of growth opportunities, strategies, and needs to ensure strategic alignment.

What youll need to succeed: 

Bachelors degree in a science or technology field of study, with 12 years of prior relevant experience, or Masters degree in a technical field with 8 years of prior relevant experience.
Technical subject matter expertise, demonstrated recently through direct program experience within the past 5 years, in one or more of the following subject areas: AIML, enterprise IT engineering and OM (services, computestore infrastructure, end points, etc.), network engineering and OM, user experience design and UI development, Cloud, and DevSecOps.
Ability to provide hands-on technical expertise in subject areas where the incumbent possesses technical subject matter expertise.
Proven track record of leveraging broad technology expertise to develop technology solutions for AIML, Enterprise IT, DevSecOps, Cloud, Data, Application Development, Integration and Cyber.
Experience working as a senior member of a strategic growth team to lead and develop technical solution architectures.
Experience crafting technical responses, roadmaps, and custom solutions for National Security customers and missions.
Expertise leading, writing, and reviewing whitepapers, proposal sections, and orals presentations, including experience with multiple Federal government opportunities for services and solutions valued  50 million.
Ability to synthesize, fuse, and prioritize demand signals against capability areas and the capture pipeline by helping teams identify, qualify, and pursue opportunities, and develop winning proposal materials.
Exceptional written and oral communications skills including a strong ability to engage effectively with customer decision makers at all levels through presentations and interactive dialogues.
An Active Secret Clearance.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 