As a Sr. Help Desk Technician, youll play a crucial role in providing exceptional technical support to our organization and its employees. You will serve as a subject matter expert, helping to resolve complex IT issues in support of a federal agency, with the goal of making an impact across the federal government.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Provide top-tier technical support to clients via phone, email, or remote assistance, ensuring prompt resolution of issues and excellent customer service.
Diagnose and resolve complex hardware and software issues, escalating when necessary to ensure timely resolution.
Maintain accurate and detailed records of client interactions, issues, and resolutions in our ticketing system.
Share your expertise and best practices with junior team members to enhance their skills and knowledge.
Communicate technical information clearly to non-technical clients, ensuring they understand the solutions provided.
Prioritize and manage multiple support requests simultaneously, adhering to established service level agreements.
Proactively identify opportunities for process improvements and contribute to the development of standard operating procedures.
Stay up-to-date with the latest IT trends and technologies to provide informed recommendations and solutions to clients.

What youll need to succeed: 

10 years with MAMS or 15 years with BABS.
Minimum of 7 years of experience in a help desk or technical support role, with a strong track record of progressively increasing responsibilities.
The ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance.
An ITIL Certification is required.
Advanced knowledge of Windows and macOS operating systems, and proficiency in troubleshooting hardware and software issues, including but not limited to desktops, laptops, printers, and mobile devices.
Familiarity with ServiceNow and a strong understanding of ITIL principles and IT service management best practices.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with a customer-centric mindset and the ability to work independently, manage multiple tasks, and prioritize effectively.
Experience with remote support tools and ticketing systems.
An active government-issued Secret security clearance or the ability to obtain one.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 