As a Governance Lead, youll be responsible for establishing and implementing governance frameworks, policies, and procedures that promote transparency, accountability, compliance, and efficient decision-making throughout the project lifecycle, with the goal of making an impact across the federal government. 
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Play a critical role in overseeing and ensuring the successful execution of a large-scale government development project and develop and implement a comprehensive governance strategy for a government development project, aligned with industry best practices and regulatory requirements.
Design governance frameworks, standards, and processes that facilitate effective project oversight, risk management, and compliance and create and maintain program governance policies, procedures, and documentation that outline roles, responsibilities, decision-making processes, and escalation mechanisms.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure project activities adhere to established governance guidelines and establish strong relationships with project stakeholders, including government officials, project sponsors, technical teams, and vendors.
Communicate governance expectations, objectives, and progress to stakeholders regularly and identify potential risks and compliance challenges related to government regulations, security, data privacy, and procurement.
Develop risk mitigation strategies and work with relevant teams to ensure adherence to compliance standards.
Define key performance indicators (KPIs) and metrics to assess project performance against established governance criteria and establish a structured decision-making process that ensures informed, timely, and accountable decisions are made at all levels of the project.
Provide guidance to project teams on decision-making procedures and support escalation when necessary.
Regularly assess the effectiveness of governance processes and frameworks, identifying opportunities for improvement, and implement adjustments to governance strategies based on lessons learned and changing project dynamics.

What youll need to succeed: 

 A deep understanding of government regulations, information technology, and project management, along with exceptional leadership and communication skills.
At least 5 years in governance, risk management, or compliance roles within large-scale government IT projects or development initiatives.
At least 2 years of project management experience with strong project management skills, including the ability to manage complex projects with diverse stakeholders.
Experience leading andor coaching junior team members on governance, risk, etc.
Excellent communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work effectively across teams and levels of leadership.
Familiarity with industry frameworks such as NIST, FedRAMP, and ITIL.
An active TSSCI with CI poly or TSSCI with the ability to pass a CI poly.
Relevant certifications in governance, risk management, or project management are desirable.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 