Our Capture Managers serve as the cornerstone for growth by ensuring MetroStars dominance in AIML, DevSecOps, and Enterprise IT, and fortifying our reputation as a key player in offering pioneering solutions for the modern era. By molding strategies and harnessing a dynamic teams capabilities, we stand poised to capture influential contracts and deliver unmatched value to our clients.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 
As the Federal Civilian and Defense initiatives increasingly shift towards modern and intelligent solutions, securing vital contracts emerges as a primary mission. The Sr. Capture Manager at MetroStar is entrusted with bridging together growth, operations, and proposals by architecting transformative strategies and directly influencing critical missions across the Defense, National Security, and Citizen Services sectors.
Uniting the prowess of Growth and Capture executives and working cross-functionally, this role champions MetroStars commitment to harnessing innovative technology solutions and fostering unparalleled expertise. Our Sr. Capture Manager will be instrumental in growing MetroStars influence across key accounts, culminating in delivering exceptional value to our customers.
What youll need to succeed: 

10 years of growthcapture experience and a solid understanding of Federal and DoD acquisition lifecycle, customers buying trends, budgets, and requirements.
Strong working knowledge of the Shipley-like business development and capture management processes and techniques.
Strong understanding of the federal acquisition process, including GWAC, Agency MAC, and alternative contracting models (OTAs, SBIRs, etc.).
Exceptional strategic thinking skills and the ability to translate market and customer insights into winning capture strategies.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to build and maintain relationships at all levels of the organization and with external partners.
Proficiency in proposal development, solutioning, competitive analysis, market research, and pricing strategies.
Strong leadership skills with the ability to motivate and guide cross-functional teams in successful capture efforts.
Highly organized, detail-oriented, and capable of managing multiple capture efforts concurrently.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 