As a Sr. Information Security Specialist, youll be responsible for using current information security technology disciplines and practices to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of corporate information assets in accordance with established standards and procedures, with the goal of making an impact across the federal government. 
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Support the Government KMI Operational Account Manager (KOAM) to hand-receipt COMSEC material to properly identifiedtrained Contractor personnel at specified Government work locations in order to perform the mission under the terms of the task order.
Control, protect, safeguard and account for all COMSEC andor CCI in accordance with AR 380-40, AR 710-2, TB 380-41, local SOPs, and other Army, DoD and National level policies, as directed by the Government requiring activity.
Comply with all applicable regulations and directives, including requiring activity policies and procedures in effect requiring activity work locations.
Develop and maintain a knowledgebase on changing regulations, threats, and technology landscapes to continually develop or maintain security policies and standards, and ensure compliance throughout the organization.

What youll need to succeed: 

BABS w15 yrs or MAMS 10 yrs of experience with Information Security Systems andor COMSEC.
Prior experience supporting network security operations (COMSEC).
Knowledge of Army COMSEC regulations.
An active Secret Clearance or the ability to obtain.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 