As a Senior Software Engineer with a specialization in Open-Source Software, you will be a part of our elite team of engineers, harnessing your expertise in distributed systems, cloud services, and open-source contribution to shape the future of technology.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Pioneer projects emphasizing our platform and the Core API, aimed at streamlining user workflows.
Elevate our Python library by introducing innovative features, patterns, and frameworks.
Spot avenues for enhancements, mediate conflicts, monitor risks, and ensure successful outcomes.
Offer mentorship and leadership to fellow engineering team members.
Embrace a product-oriented mindset, empathize with users, and support them through multiple channels.
Supervise open-source interfaces connecting to our comprehensive orchestration platform.
Ensure compatibility of our open-source engine across diverse deployment environments.
Champion open-source projects, engage with the community, and advocate for unique use cases.
Maintain the integrity of our internal codebases through rigorous testing, extensibility, and clear documentation.
Exhibit an ownership mentality: contribute your ideas, ensure projects succeed, and prevent potential failures.

What youll need to succeed: 

Ability to think through extreme edge cases without losing sight of a simple user experience.
5 years of experience working with Python, including expertise in distributed systems, networking best practices, multithreading, and multiprocessing.
Proficiency with cloud services (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Demonstrated experience deploying and monitoring scalable Kubernetes applications.
A track record of delivering projects from inception to production.
Active contributions to open-source projects.
Past experience in a startup environment.
Familiarity with data engineering and data science workflows.
Bachelors of Science in Computer Science or related field plus 8  10 years or Masters of Science in Computer Science or related field plus 5  7 years experience.
Experience with Open-Source data science packages and libraries such as Pandas, NumPy, Scikit-learn, TensorFlow, and PyTorch.
A DoD SECRET Clearance.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 