As a System Administrator, youll provide system administration of VMWare environments working with Server Farms providing storage management, with the goal of making an impact across the federal government. 
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 


Report onsite four (4) days a week.
Provide system administration of VMWare environments working with Server Farms providing storage management.


What youll need to succeed: 

6 Years of experience in Systems Engineering andor Systems Administration with Bachelors in Science; Four (4) Years with Masters; 0 Years with PhD; or 10 years of Systems Administration experience without a degree.
An existing Clearance: Active Secret clearance (you may start with the Secret clearance with the understanding that he will be put up for a clearance upgrade immediately upon start).
Demonstrated experience in VMware tools such as vSphere, ESXi hosts; ability to fully manage and implement Virtual Machines without guidance and proven past experience in doing so.
Experience in managing Storage Area Network (SAN) such as Dell VNXE and Dell EMC, Veeam.
Past experience in configuring and managing domain controllers and domain services, multi-factor authentication (MFA), Symantec Endpoint Protection (SEP), Windows Server 2016, Windows Server Update Services (WSUS), and System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM).
Experience in server managementadministration, hardware maintenance, and backup procedures, along with experience in managing enterprise images and packages, ensuring timely deployments of softwaresecurity updates, and integrating new hardware and software into existing infrastructure.
Demonstrated experience in identity and device management (i.e., Active Directory, Single Sign on) and experience in Amazon Web Services.
An understanding of cloud productivity suites including Microsofts Office 365 and Google G-Suite along with an understanding of database administration, best network and security practices, virtual LAN configurations.
Demonstrated understanding of protocols such as DHCP, DNS, HTTPHTTPS, LDAP, SMTP, SNMP, SSH, Telnet, TCP, and UDP.
Demonstrated understanding of scripting and programming languages such as PowerShell and PowerCLI.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 