As a Cloud Engineer, youll be a key player in architecting, designing, and implementing cloud solutions that empower our clients to leverage the full potential of cloud technologies, with the goal of making an impact across the federal government. 
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Be responsible for the development of a robust and scalable cloud infrastructure while collaborating closely with cross-functional teams to ensure seamless integration and delivery.
Provide requirement decompositiondefinition and engineering expertise to ensure program requirements are developed and sustained.
Work with government stakeholders to design, develop, integrate, and test solutions for complex technical requirements.
Prepare operating instructions and end-user training.
Support the design and implementation of cloud-based architecture, ensuring scalability, reliability, and security in alignment with industry best practices.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define requirements, troubleshoot issues, and optimize cloud infrastructure.
Drive the evaluation and adoption of new cloud technologies, tools, and methodologies to continuously enhance our clients cloud capabilities.
Develop and implement cloud governance strategies, ensuring compliance with relevant standards and regulations.
Lead efforts to automate deployment, monitoring, and management processes, enhancing efficiency and reducing manual intervention.
Act as a subject matter expert on cloud engineering best practices, participating in knowledge sharing and contributing to the companys technical community.
Participate in all phases of risk management assessments and architecture.

What youll need to succeed: 

A minimum of 8 years of professional experience in cloud engineering, with a focus on designing, implementing, and managing cloud solutions.
Extensive hands-on experience with leading cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud, including services such as EC2, S3, Lambda, Kubernetes, etc.
Strong background in infrastructure-as-code (IAC) using tools like Terraform, CloudFormation, or Ansible.
In-depth understanding of cloud security best practices and experience implementing security controls in a cloud environment.
Excellent scripting and programming skills (Python, Bash, etc.).
Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to troubleshoot complex cloud-related issues.
Exceptional communication skills, with the ability to convey complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
An active TSSCI clearance with CI poly or TSSCI with ability to pass a CI poly required
Security certification and Cloud certifications such as AWS Certified Solutions Architect, Google Cloud Professional Cloud Architect, or equivalent, a plus.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 