As a Scrum Master, with a background in Business Process Analysis, youll primarily act as a Scrum Master, facilitating Agile practices for our development team. Additionally, your expertise in Business Process Analysis will be invaluable in identifying opportunities to streamline workflows and enhance overall operational efficiency, with the goal of making an impact across the federal government. 
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Take on the Scrum Master role for our Agile development team, ensuring the effective execution of Agile practices and ceremonies.
Guide the team in self-organization, cross-functional collaboration, and continuous improvement.
Facilitate sprint planning, daily stand-ups, sprint reviews, and retrospectives.
Remove impediments to the teams progress and facilitate conflict resolution.
Monitor and communicate team metrics and progress to stakeholders and utilize your expertise in Business Process Analysis to assess current workflows and procedures.
Collaborate with stakeholders to understand business requirements and pain points.
Analyze existing processes, identify inefficiencies, and propose optimized solutions.
Document business process models, specifications, and improvement recommendations.
Work closely with business units to implement and monitor process enhancements and collaborate with Product Owners to align development efforts with business objectives.
Facilitate discussions to extract user stories and requirements from stakeholders and introduce Agile techniques as needed to improve team efficiency and product quality.

What youll need to succeed: 

 Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, or a related field.
At least 3 years of experience as a Scrum Master in Agile software development environments.
At least 2 years of experience as a Business Process Analyst, with a deep understanding of process modeling and improvement.
Familiarity with Agile project management tools such as Jira or Trello.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills along with exceptional communication, negotiation, and facilitation abilities.
Business Analysis certification (CBAP) and Scrum Master certification (CSM) are a plus.
Ability to adapt and thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.
An active TSSCI clearance with CI poly preferred or Active TSSCI clearance with ability to pass a CI poly.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 