As a Sr. Network Engineer, youll be responsible for Installation, configuration, and support of an organizations local area network (LAN), wide area network (WAN), Agency Internet Network (AIN), Intranet and Internet and other data communications systems or a segment of a network system, with the goal to make an impact across the federal government.
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Provide services in support of the development of enterprise services capabilities, including registration and maintenance of systems registered in the CIOG6 Army Portfolio Management System (APMS) system, concepts of operations (CONOPS), Functional Requirements Documents (FRD), Enterprise Technical Procedures (ETP), and SOP, Change Configuration Release and Management (CCRM) deployment plan, doctrine, policies, processes, standards, After Action Reports (AAR), RMF supporting documents and other supporting documentation. 
Support NETCOM G-3 in developing and supporting key solutions for servicecapability implementation, fielding, and operations, including concepts, architecture, requirements, and integration (between tactical, operational, and strategic levels of operations) analysis for related solutions throughout the Army Enterprise.
Provide technical guidance for enterprise systems that affect the mission-essential operations of the Armys LWN and segments of the DoDIN; and coordinate with other Army Commands, installations, key personnel, and industry partners to develop and implement a plan to transition, migrate, and onboard organizations, scheduling and coordination Authorized Service Interruptions (ASI).
Provide information, analysis, and recommendations on the required force structure requirements (organization, training, and personnel), and changing roles and responsibilities associated with the migration, onboarding, and tiered provisioning of Operations and Maintenance (OM) support; and then implement those programs.

What youll need to succeed: 

BABS w15 yrs or MAMS 10 yrs of experience in Network Engineering.
Expert knowledge of enterprise secure network design, configuration and NetSecOps delivery model.
Secret Clearance or ability to obtain.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 