As Solutions Architect, youll be responsible for developing strategies for technical IT infrastructures and the completion of assigned engineering projects within budgetary and scheduling guidelines, with the goal to make an impact across the federal government. 
We know that you cant have great technology services without amazing people. At MetroStar, we are obsessed with our people and have led a two-decade legacy of building the best and brightest teams. Because we know our future relies on our deep understanding and relentless focus on our people, we live by our mission: A passion for our people. Value for our customers. 
If you think you can see yourself delivering our mission and pursuing our goals with us, then check out the job description below! 
What youll do: 

Lead a group of engineers, analysts, andor technicians assigned for the duration of a project.
May function as ongoing lead within a group of engineers associated with one or more technical areas within the telecom function (such as, but not limited to, network design, engineering, implementation, or operationsuser support). 
May provide input for (project) team member performance appraisals.
Be responsible for instructing, directing, and checking the work of other project engineers. 

What youll need to succeed: 

MAMS 10 yrs of experience or a BABS w12 yrs of experience.
Experience with virtualization, Virtual Desktop Infrastructure, thinzero client technologies, client-server and storage systems.
Extensive experience with network design. Experience with MacAfee HBSS, Microsoft SCCM, Microsoft Server 2012 R2, Microsoft Windows 7 and Windows 10 operating systems, Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating system.
Must have experience operating and designing classified networks at the Secret and Top SecretSCI levels. 
Experience with tactical Military Intelligence systems, specifically the Distributed Common Ground System Army (DCGS-A).
Familiarity with procedures for disposition, transport, handling, and maintenance of equipment operating at levels of the security classification of Secret and above.
Certified at the IAT Level III IAW DoD instruction 8570.1m and must be eligible for a Top SecretSCI security clearance.

Like we said, we are big fans of our people. Thats why we offer a generous benefits package, professional growth, and valuable time to recharge. Learn more about our company culture code and benefits. Plus, check out our accolades. 
Dont meet every single requirement?   
Studies have shown that women, people of color and the LGBTQ community are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification.  At MetroStar we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic culture, so, if youre excited about this role, but your previous experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to go ahead and apply.  We pride ourselves on making great matches, and you may be the perfect match for this role or another one we have. Best of luck!  The MetroStar People  Culture Team 
What we want you to know: 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire. 
MetroStar Systems is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of MetroStar Systems. 
Not ready to apply now?  
Sign up to join our newsletter here. 