Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
Fluent in French and English is required for this role.
The Payments team oversees the full commercial lifecycle of payments customers, being the in-house Payment subject matter experts to support our customers and team members. The Specialists have a wide range of responsibilities, including sales and onboarding, account management, data analysis, and project-based activities.  
The Payments Specialist will  
1) drive go-to-market function of payments by supporting and enabling the Sales team, analysing customers credit card statements, and providing pre-sale rate analysis;  
2) Attach and onboard customers to payments;  
3) Work closely with Customer Success and Account Management teams to manage a portfolio of customers to drive Payments adoptionusage and optimize revenue, negotiating rates directly with customers;   
4)  Participate in and manage projects related to payments across the portfolio andor at the brand level.    
About the role

Be the subject-matter expert of Mindbodys integrated payments solutions  
Use SalesForce, Excel, and PowerPoint on a regular basis  
Develop and maintain merchant loyalty and trust through effective communication, education, and transparency; provide a delightful experience to all customers and team members  
Support sales and renewals processes; enabling Sales and Account Management teams  
Onboard new customers to appropriate payments solution  
Initiate and deliver payments training to customers as needed  
Negotiate rates directly with customers while maintaining pricing integrity  
Conduct  periodic  data  analysis  and  reviews  on  a  customer,  brand,  andor  portfolio  level  to  ensure  pricing integrity and find opportunities to optimize  
Develop, support, and manage key projects to support Mindbodys payments strategy and customers payments needs  
All other duties as assigned 

Skills  experience

Bilingual in English and French
1-3 years relevant experience in Payments, Account Management, or Analysis  
Payments experience required  
Strong analytical skills; can do basic math with high attention to detail  
Experience working in a customer-facing capacity
Comfort with MS Excel   

 




EMEA 



Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice