Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
Please submit your CV in English only.
The Accounts Receivable Specialist will provide experienced hands-on billing expertise for our company.  This position is responsible for the ongoing monitoring and updating of ClassPasss billing and receivables, resolving billing issues while coordinating with internal teams, maintaining, and enforcing billing policies and audit compliance. The successful candidate will have experience in payment processing, collections, and billing account reconciliations with analytical skills to contribute to a dynamic, first class, highly scalable and efficient billing team for a hyper-growth, high-tech company.
About the role

Manage billing processes for the department including, but not limited to, invoice generation, posting of payments and credit memos, and customer account reconciliations
Address and solve client questions and issues
Assist in maintaining and updating documentation of billing department
Provide accurate reporting of billing data to respective team members and customers
Researching and resolving account discrepancies
Work closely with the Senior Manager of Accounts Receivable and other team members on key initiatives and projects
Assist with general administrative tasks and ad hoc projects as assigned

Skills  experience

Bachelors Degree in accounting, finance, or related field
At least 2 years experience working in a customer service andor Billing role
Proficient in NetSuite or equivalent ERP applications
Advanced experience with Microsoft Office (Excel, Outlook, Word, and PowerPoint)
Strong written and oral communication skills
Strong analytical skills, precision, and attention to detail
Must work collaboratively and possess a strong work ethic
Track record of identifying inefficiencies and developing solutions to improve processes
Able to work independently in a fast-paced, high-volume environment
Perform work accurately and in a time-efficient manner, with strong attention to detail, organization, and follow through
Fluent in English
Right to work in Brazil
Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice