Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! Who we are
We work together to deliver the most wellness-centric employee experience in the technology industry. Our PC team moves fast. We embrace new ideas, benefits, and technologies to make the employment experience more inclusive, flexible, and engaging for team members across the globe. We support and inspire our employees to perform at the highest level so we can succeed in our mission together.  
About the role
As the Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging Manager, you will be responsible for developing and implementing a cohesive DEIB strategy to promote diversity, equity, inclusion, and a sense of belonging throughout the global organization. You will work closely with various departments and stakeholders to foster an inclusive culture, create equitable policies and practices, and champion diversity initiatives. This role requires a deep understanding of diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging principles, strategic development, and the ability to drive meaningful change within the organization.
Youll likely spend time working on

Assess the current state of diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging within the organization through data analysis, surveys, and other assessment tools  including bringing in best-in-class research and benchmarks. 
Work with Chief People Officer, Leaders of Talent Management and Recruiting to develop and implement a comprehensive diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging strategy aligned with the companys goals and objectives- through the full lifecycle of our talent touchpoints.  
Develop clear roadmap for implementation, with recommended measures to address gaps and challenges related to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging, and track against those milestones.
Collaborate with senior leadership to integrate diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging principles into the organizations overall strategy and decision-making processes.
Design and implement diversity and inclusion training programs to increase awareness, sensitivity, and understanding across the organization.
Collaborate with HR and Recruiting to develop and implement inclusive recruitment and talent acquisition strategies that attract and retain diverse talent.
Shepherd and support the employee resource groups and affinity networks to ensure they are working in support of the DEIB strategy and have the resources needed to thrive.
Establish metrics and key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure the effectiveness and impact of diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging initiatives and develop reports to communicate progress and outcomes.
Stay up-to-date with best practices and emerging trends in diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging, and provide guidance and recommendations to leadership.
Foster relationships with external organizations, community groups, and industry associations to enhance the organizations diversity and inclusion efforts and promote collaboration.
Act as a resource and advisor for employees, providing guidance and support on diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging matters.
Serve as a visible advocate and spokesperson for diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging both internally and externally. 

Youll thrive in this role with experience in

Bachelors degree in human resources, Organizational Development, Social Sciences, or a related field. 
Proven experience leading strategic development and implementation of diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging in a corporate or organizational setting.
Demonstrated understanding of diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging principles and best practices, including knowledge of relevant legislation and regulations.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to gather and interpret data to inform decision-making and measure the impact of diversity initiatives.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to engage and influence stakeholders at all levels of the organization.
Experience designing and delivering diversity and inclusion training programs.
Knowledge of talent acquisition strategies and practices that attract and retain diverse candidates.
Ability to think strategically, develop actionable plans, and execute initiatives to drive change.
Demonstrated ability to collaborate and build effective relationships with internal and external stakeholders.
Strong project management skills with the ability to manage multiple priorities and deadlines with limited oversight.
High level of integrity and commitment to fostering a diverse, inclusive, and equitable work environment. 

Pay transparency
It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization.
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.
The base salary range for this position in the United States is 106,000 to 132,000. The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans.
 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice