Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
Reporting to the Manager of Revenue Enablement, the Senior Revenue Enablement Specialist will help provide training and content to revenue teams. You will design and deliver training programs; maximizing effectiveness by researching training methodologies, learning tools, and sales practice.  You will be a critical member of the enablement team creating and managing sales content in collaboration with product, marketing and sales teams. 
About the role

Develop and pilot new ways to deliver education experiences, with a goal of growing and scaling education to reach more individuals 
Aligns training activities with the Companys goals and objectives to ensure achievement of revenue, growth, and efficiency targets. 
Leverage dataanalytics to make decisions on new content and training development 
Facilitates training and learning activities 
Builds productive working relationships with product and cross functional teams, external partners, vendors, and management. 
Collaborate with management teams to identify enablement support priorities 
Collaborate with product teams to produce internal training content 
Collaborate with product, sales and marketing to produce external knowledge base articles 
Conducts ongoing training needs analysis through shadowing calls, observing sales encounters and application of best practices, analyzing sales results and consulting with sales management. 
Maintains ongoing communication with and regular delivery of relevant training metrics to key stakeholders. 
Works autonomously with the ability to plan, execute and lead complex projects 
All other duties as assigned. 

Skills  experience

Bachelors degree or equivalent experience.   
3-5 years experience in an enablement or program management role  
Demonstrated ability to successfully develop and deliver sales training programs using skills in instructional design, program design  development, and training technologies.  
Demonstrated ability to successfully create sales training and content. 
Advanced Salesforce knowledge and experience with a sales engagement platform. 
Ability to understand and explain complex product and tech concepts. 
Ability to communicate and present ideas effectively both orally and in writing. 
Excellent project management instincts 
Collaborative, team player 
Self-starter with a bias for action 

Pay transparency
It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization.
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.
The base salary range for this position in the United States is 72,600 to 87,200. The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans.
 
REVUS
LI-SH1Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice