Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
We are looking for a Senior Program Manager, Payments to help us grow our payments business and support Mindbody customers in reaching their highest potential. This is an important leadership role that will sit at the intersection of the diverse set of teams at Mindbody that contribute to our payments business, ensuring alignment across stakeholders, identifying future-looking priorities to improve our payments offering, and leading special projects that require coordination across those stakeholders. Youll assume a broad set of general management-style responsibilities, including identifying and monitoring payments business KPIs, working with our finance and business intelligence teams to diagnose and understand performance trends, interfacing directly with our payment processing partners on key initiatives, and collaborating with our product and engineering teams to prioritize and work through product and technology enhancements for our payments offering. This is a high-impact, high-visibility role that will entail frequent interaction with leaders and stakeholders across all departments; the ideal candidate will have a broad-based, generalist skillset, strong data fluency and commercial acumen, and previous experience in payments andor fintech. 
About the role

Perform general management-style activities collaborating with broad set of internal and external stakeholders that contribute to our payments business  payments sales, implementation, customer support, operations, product  engineering, risk, etc. 
Monitor performance of payments business; work with finance and business intelligence teams to diagnose root causes of performance trends and identify takeaways and next steps 
Act as driver for cross-functional programs that affect the payments business, articulating goals and milestones and marshaling team toward achievement of those goals  
Manage relationships with our portfolio of payment processing partners 
Act as internal subject matter expert in payments, staying on top of industry best practices and trends; research and understand Mindbody customers needs and how they differ across segments and markets 
Perform analysis and research for payments-related projects; build business cases, frameworks, and financial models to develop and support recommendations for the payments business 
Contribute to setting of long-term strategic goals for the payments business and identifying forward-looking priorities  

Skills  experience

Strong preference for candidates with previous experience in or exposure to the payments or fintech industries 
4 years of relevant work experience developing a generalist business skillset that can be applied to management of our payments business  most relevant experiences likely to be in management or strategy consulting, program or product management, or in an operational role at a payments or fintech company 
Excellent analytical skills, including familiarity with business intelligence tools (Looker, SQL), highly proficient at building spreadsheet models and sorting through complex business data 
Strong collaboration skills and successful track record in managing complex projects, driving change, and solving problems 
Skilled at crafting data-driven stories; excellent written and verbal communication skills 
Curious, motivated, and disciplined; ability to work autonomously 

Pay Transparency
It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization.
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.
The base salary range for this position in the United States is 92,200 to 138,400. The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, stock, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans.
LI-EH1
 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice