Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the role

Supervise a team of 4-8 team members
Actively contribute code to projects
Communicate technical expertise, stay current and communicate best practices within their technical discipline
Mentors Software Engineers on best practices within their technical guild
Manages overall code quality of Software Engineers on assigned guild(s)
Ensures Software Engineers on assigned guilds are meeting performance and quality standards
Provides timely feedback regarding addressing bugs, code quality, and performance issues
Collaborates with the other Software Managers and the Director of Software Engineering to create and evaluate department-wide process improvements and initiatives
Identifies and provides direction to support team members to modify behavior that could be adversely impacting group effectiveness and productivity
Proactively facilitates schedules, procures, and technical training for teams and individuals
Facilitates positive change in direct reports, department culture, and product development values
Encourages and supports others to take on responsibility, authority, and accountability
Responsible for new hire training and smooth transition into teams
Schedules and attends one-on-ones with direct reports, with regularity determined by the expressed needs of direct reports
Schedules, leads, and prepares content for regular performance discussions for direct reports

Skills  experience

Graduate in Computer Science, Information Technology
11 years of overall experience preferably in SaaS based product companies.
3 years of experience managing and leading technical employees
7 years of hands-on experience as a web development engineer preferably in Microsoft Technologies
Expertise on the Microsoft technology stack (.NET MVC , Web API, SQL Server)
Experience developing products for global markets
Experience in a highly agilescrum environment
A strong passion for bringing useful, useable and highly desirable user experiences to life
A strong passion for consciously evolving and serving the customer

 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice