Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
Were looking for a passionate and experienced Senior Product Manager to help define and execute the product strategy at Mindbody.  
About the role

Lead a cross-functional squad of engineers, designers, and research to scope and execute highest ROI product opportunities. 
Lead ideation, evaluation, definition, and prioritization of squad roadmap 
Launch and optimize customer-facing features that deliver against key business goals. 
Build alignment with key stakeholders from across the organization. Seek a range of perspectives and solicit honest feedback. 
Be the voice of the customer. Lead user discovery via user research, design sprints, and other customer touchpoints.  
Synthesize quantitative and qualitative user data to inform key product decisions that address user need

Skills  experience

You are a seasoned product manager with a track record of shipping impactful, well-loved web and mobile products. 
Youre experienced with an agile discovery and development process and working collaboratively in full stack product teams. 
You are technically and analytically savvy, with knowledge about how products are built and are comfortable defining, querying, and interpreting your own data. 
You have a proven track record as strong communicator, influencer, and cross-functional partner. 
You have strong product intuition based on experience, but reinforce this through a deep understanding of user feedback and analytical data. 
You have at least 4 years of experience in product management. 
Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice