Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! Our dream of revolutionizing the fitness and wellness industry is no small feat, and were looking for talented people to make it a reality. When you join Mindbody  ClassPass, youll work with kind, intelligent people and enjoy unrivaled benefits. Youll also share in a true culture of purpose and passion centered around helping people live happier, healthier lives. Were not just another thriving company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So, join the team, and lets see what we can accomplish together! 
Who we are
At Mindbody  ClassPass, were innovating for the future of wellness by bringing together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted technology platform, empowering tens of thousands of wellness brands around the world with the software and resources they need to run and grow their businesses. ClassPass is one of the most popular booking apps for fitness and self-care enthusiasts, partnering with over 30,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were on a mission to create a wellness community for all—opening the doors to more authentic, local wellness experiences than ever before. 
Your role
Want to help businesses in the wellness space work more efficiently, better connect with their customers, and grow their business? We want to hear from you! We are looking for a Lead Product Designer to join our Business Experience Team to help our customers run their businesses so they can focus on what matters.  
This role collaborates across departments to ensure our experiences are best in class, requiring someone with a sharp eye for design who loves to dive into the details of complicated experience problems. 
Youll likely spend time working on

Be a thought partner with cross-functional stakeholders to establish a shared vision, strategy, roadmap, and goals. 
Collaborate closely within a working group of UX, product management, engineering, research, and marketing to identify user problems, needs and ideate creative ways to resolve them. 
Keep a high bar - be the champion for product and design excellence.  
Guide and accelerate your team, oversee multiple work streams, and connect the dots between cross-org products for your team to deliver a cohesive customer experience. 
Collaborate closely within a working group of UX, product management, engineering, research, and marketing to identify user problems, needs and ideate creative ways to resolve them.

Youll thrive in this role with experience in

5 years of experience in product design or related field.  
Experience in software or SAAS Design  huge plus for experience in marketplace products or business software. 


Strong customer advocacy with a penchant for data and business-informed design solutions. 
Stellar design craft, an expert in Figma and prototyping. 
Strong understanding of the user-centered design process. 
Able to influence product strategy and create beautiful, scalable framework solutions that delight our customers.  
Ability to prepare effective presentations in content and function, and to speak competently to the level of the audience. 
Experience designing software across both desktop and mobile products. 

Pay transparency
It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization.
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.
The base salary range for this position in the United States is 140,000 to 240,000. The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans
 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice