Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
As an Account Manager, you help our studios succeed. You will work directly with business owners and managers in our emerging markets and networks to make sure these partners see incredible value in their relationship with ClassPass. 
About the role

Be an expert on all verticals and offerings in your ClassPass markets 
Build strong, long-term relationships with partners by helping them grow their business 
Engage with key partners during a monthly check-in via phone or in-person meetings (some youll interact with everyday!) 
Monitor and identify pockets of opportunity of supply health across your book of business with a heavy focus on inventory management 
Drive adoption of new ClassPass products among your partners 
Retain our partners by providing best-in-class support  relationship management 
Develop in-depth performance reports to share with studio partners 

Skills  experience

Bachelor degree 
Must have 2 years of experience in account management, business development, sales, or similar role 
Proven track record of successful sales experience 
A solution-selling mindset with a passion for post-sale client relationships, negotiations, and support 
A detail-oriented approach to executing tasks and an ability to manage multiple projects at once 
A team player and comfortable with an ever-changing startup environment 

Pay transparency
It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization.
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.
The on-target earnings (base  target commission potential) range for this position in the United States is 85K to 105K. The total compensation package for this position may also include uncapped commissions, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans.
 
REVUS
LI-SH1Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice