Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! Who we are 
Were a passionate Engineering, Platform and Operations team, developing and supporting ground-breaking products. Together, well build for the future, creating more opportunities for wellness businesses around the world to help their customers lead full, healthy lives. We push ourselves and our company to always strive for this higher purpose, recognizing the power in working together toward the same goal. We believe in building a diverse company where everyone feels safe bringing their authentic selves to work. And we believe that the secret to success is our people. Join the team, and lets see what we can accomplish together! 
Your role 
As a Senior Platform Engineer, you will be part of team working to design, implement and operate cloud infrastructure that powers the Mindbody  ClassPass ecosystem. You will drive cloud infrastructure architecture and design, iterate with developer teams and their cloud-based workloads and build tools to positively impact the developer experience. You will pursue continuous improvement to help Mindbody achieve its mission: Powering the worlds fitness and wellness businesses and connecting them with more consumers, more effectively, than anyone else. 
Youll likely spend time working on 

Helping to lead the teams production Windows EKS systems capabilities and optimizations at production scale.
Designing, building and operating production software in AWS Cloud environments in service of developer enablement and customer-facing products. 
Leveraging languages, frameworks and tools such as PowerShell, Typescript, Golang Kubernetes, Pulumi, Helm and others. 
Building resilient, scalable systems using strong foundations in operating systems, distributed systems and systems profiling.  
Driving projects incrementally and iteratively through their lifecycle from product discovery to technical design to launch. 
Collaborating with a thoughtful, inclusive, engaged engineering team while growing technical capacity and your career.
Contributing to planning meetings and providing guidance and expertise on system options, risk, cost vs. benefits and impacts on departmental processes and goals.

About the right team member
The Arcus Platform team is responsible for designing, building and operating the production containerized environment at Mindbody  ClassPass. When it comes to building software we value things like security, stability, scalability, ease of use, performance and healthy teams. We help developer teams build faster and with higher quality. We create space for technical enhancement, automation and community engagement.  
At Mindbody we value team members who are curious, practical and open-minded, and who care about our product, their teammates and their own personal growth. We are faced with an interesting set of technical challenges and we believe in giving our engineers the freedom to create solutions based on their unique perspective. 
Our engineers work in cross-functional teams that are focused on cultivating collaboration and delivering impact. We work with our product teams to deliver a world class user experience and to empower our users to live their fullest, healthiest lives.
Youll thrive in this role with experience in

Bachelors degree, technical certification or equivalent experience. 
4 years of industry experience with frequent, incremental code, testing and deployment. 
4 years of industry experience managing distributed systems and operating systems in virtualized or public cloud environments. 
Hands-on experience operating Windows systems in containerized production environments for a medium to large scale SaaS product with many deployments per day.
An ability to identify, design and implement equivalents when building solutions capable of running in either Linux or Windows environments.  
An understanding of container orchestration tools (AWS EKS or ECS, AKS, GKE, or Native Kubernetes) or an eagerness to dive deep and integrate learning. 
Have mentored peer developers in systems engineering and distributed engineering best practices and tools.
An ability to break down complex technical concepts and communicate them to stakeholders. 
Bonus if you have a strong understanding of Observability practices and tooling (New Relic, Datadog, AWS CloudWatch or similar). 
Extra bonus if you have experience building cross-region systems and control planes (for example, using tools such as Crossplane).

Technologies youll be working with 

PowerShell, Typescript, Golang.
Windows systems.
Kubernetes.
Pulumi, Terraform, Helm.
Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Azure DevOps.
Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice