Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! Who we are
At Mindbody  ClassPass, were innovating for the future of wellness by bringing together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted technology platform, empowering tens of thousands of wellness brands around the world with the software and resources they need to run and grow their businesses. ClassPass is one of the most popular booking apps for fitness and self-care enthusiasts, partnering with over 30,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were on a mission to create a wellness community for all—opening the doors to more authentic, local wellness experiences than ever before. 
Your role
We are looking for a Design Leader to join our Business Experience Team! This is a core area of our product that helps our customers expand their business through marketing, lead management, and reporting tools.  
This role will be a design lead for our Pune office - mentoring other designers and collaborating across departments to ensure our experiences are best in class. This requires someone with passionate leadership, a sharp eye for design, and ability to lead a team towards a long-term vision.
Youll likely spend time working on

Be a thought partner with cross-functional stakeholders to establish a shared vision, strategy, roadmap, and goals for the Business Experience Team.  
Lead and mentor other designers, being an example and resource for others on the team. 
Keep a high bar - be the champion for product and design excellence.  
Guide and accelerate your team, oversee multiple workstreams, and connect the dots between cross-org products for your team to deliver a cohesive customer experience. 
Contribute to and help build the operations of a growing design organization. 

Youll thrive in this role with experience in

9-12 years of experience in product design or related field.  
Experience in B2B or SAAS Design  huge plus for experience across marketplace products, marketinggrowth tools, and scheduling.  
Strong customer advocacy with a penchant for data and business-informed design solutions.
Stellar design craft, an expert in Figma and prototyping.
Strong understanding of the user-centered design process.
Able to influence product strategy and create beautiful, scalable framework solutions that delight our customers.  
Ability to prepare effective presentations in content and function, and to speak competently to the level of the audience.
Experience designing across both desktop and mobile products. 

 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice