Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! Who we are
Were a passionate engineering, platform, and operations team, developing and supporting ground-breaking products. Together, well build for the future, creating more opportunities for wellness businesses around the world to help their customers lead full, healthy lives. We push ourselves and our company to always strive for this higher purpose, recognizing the power in working together toward the same goal. We believe in building a diverse company where everyone feels safe bringing their authentic selves to work. And we believe that the secret to success is our people.  Join the team, and lets see what we can accomplish together!  
Your role
The Arcus Infrastructure team is responsible for designing, building, and delivering Infrastructure-as-Code applications to developer teams across Mindbody  ClassPass. When it comes to building software and systems we value things like security, stability, scalability, ease of use, performance, and healthy teams. We help developer teams build faster and with higher quality. We create space for technical enhancement, automation, and community engagement.  
You will be part of team working to design, implement, and operate cloud infrastructure that powers the Mindbody  ClassPass ecosystem. You will design and develop extensible, scalable Infrastructure-as-Code services enabling developer teams to deploy and operate production services that delight our customers. You will pursue continuous improvement to help Mindbody achieve its mission: Powering the worlds fitness and wellness businesses and connecting them with more consumers, more effectively, than anyone else. 
Youll likely spend time working on

Continually improving the architecture, performance, and the capabilities of the primary Infrastructure-as-Code product at Mindbody  ClassPass.  
Designing, building, and operating production software in AWS Cloud environments in service of developer enablement and customer-facing products. 
Leveraging languages, frameworks, and tools such as TypeScript, Golang, and Pulumi.
Building deep knowledge about AWS Services and communicating best practices to developer teams. 
Driving projects incrementally and iteratively through their lifecycle from product discovery to technical design to launch.  
Collaborating with a thoughtful, inclusive, engaged engineering team while growing your technical capabilities and your professional career.
Contributing to strategic roadmaps and providing guidance and expertise on system options, risk, cost vs benefits, and impacts on departmental processes and goals. 

About the right team member
You are passionate about Infrastructure-as-Code, automation, and tooling as means to enable and continually improve the development experience and production environment. You have advanced hands-on experience building production systems at scale with cloud infrastructure services (AWS, GCP, or Azure). At Mindbody we value team members who are curious, practical, and open-minded, and who care about our product, their teammates, and their own personal growth. We are faced with an interesting set of technical challenges, and we believe in giving our engineers the freedom to create solutions based on their unique perspective. Our engineers work in cross-functional teams that are focused on cultivating collaboration and delivering impact. We work with our product teams to deliver a world class user experience, and to empower our users to live their fullest, healthiest lives.  
Youll thrive in this role with experience in

A Bachelors degree, technical certification, or equivalent experience. 
6 years of industry experience with frequent, incremental code, testing, and deployment. 
6 years of industry experience developing software and infrastructure services in virtualized or public cloud environments. 
Deep understanding of software design patterns and architecture trade-offs. 
Hands-on experience designing, building, deploying, and improving products and services using Infrastructure-as-Code tools (Pulumi, Helm, Terraform, Ansible, or similar) 
Advanced understanding of Cloud offerings, configuration, resource management, and best practices, or eagerness and tenacity to dive deep and integrate learning. 
A strong understanding of continuous integrationcontinuous deployment (CICD) practices in containerized environments (Helm, Flagger, ArgoCD, or similar) 
Experience mentoring peer developers in software design, architecture, testing best practices and tools 
An ability to lead through ambiguity, drive high-impact project work, and communicate with stakeholders. 
Bonus if you have experience supporting containerized workloads in production on AWS (EKS or native Kubernetes a plus!) 
Bonus if you have a strong understanding of Observability practices and tooling (New Relic, Datadog, AWS CloudWatch, or similar). 

Technologies youll be working with

TypeScript, Golang, Bash
Pulumi, Helm, YAML
Kubernetes 
Flagger, Argo CD
Amazon Web Services 
Azure DevOps 

Pay transparency
It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization.
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.
The base salary range for this position in the United States is 140,000 to 210,000. The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans.
 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice