Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! Who we are
Were a passionate engineering, platform, and operations team, developing and supporting ground-breaking products. Together, well build for the future, creating more opportunities for wellness businesses around the world to help their customers lead full, healthy lives. We push ourselves and our company to always strive for this higher purpose, recognizing the power in working together toward the same goal. We believe in building a diverse company where everyone feels safe bringing their authentic selves to work. And we believe that the secret to success is our people.  Join the team, and lets see what we can accomplish together!  
Your role

We are looking for an engineering manager to run the team responsible for our Consumer platform and all our related products and features. This leader will be responsible for the continued direction of the product and will partner with the product organization to help drive positive business outcomes for our customers. This includes driving higher attach rates to add-on features as well as driving compliance features. As an Engineering Manager, you will be leading a full stack team focused on one of the key opportunities for Mindbody.  

You will pursue continuous improvement to help Mindbody achieve its mission: Powering the worlds fitness and wellness businesses and connecting them with more consumers, more effectively, than anyone else. 


Youll likely spend time working on

Empower your engineering team to deliver a high level of technical quality and business impact. 
Partner with your product counterpart to identify and advocate for the highest impact, lowest effort initiatives 
Recruit a diverse team of engineers that are amongst the best in the industry, from outreach to closing. 
Manage a team of engineers and help develop their careers with stretch responsibilities and excellent feedback. 
Be actively involved in strategic direction and product decisions for your team. 
Identify creative ways to measure and track progress on the teams initiatives and promote learning from both successes and failures to a wider audience 
Contribute to engineering-wide initiatives as a member of Mindbodys engineering management team. 
Focus on every detail involved and be the resident expert for all features within your portfolio. 

About the right team member
You are an experienced engineer, turned successful people leader, who is passionate about creating impactful and high-quality web applications. You have deep experience in at least one aspect of developing a world class web application and you can manage a high performing team through the entire process. 
Youll thrive in this role with experience in

3 years of directly managing a full stack engineering team of at least 6 people
Experience shipping high quality websites or mobile applications. 
You have established the architecture and best practices for web or mobile applications and their backends. 
You have a proven ability to establish and articulate a vision, set goals, develop and execute. 
You have direct experience with SMS Messaging products and shipping compliance related features for those products

Pay transparency
It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization.
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.
The base salary range for this position in the United States is 141,000 to 211,000. The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans.
 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice