Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
The Staff Accountant will provide experienced hands-on accounting expertise for our company. This position supports the accounting functions of the business, assists in maintaining timely and accurate financial reporting, supports adequacy of internal controls, and supports reporting to finance, accounting, and management. The successful candidate will be able to apply technical accounting knowledge and analytical skills to contribute to a dynamic, first class, highly scalable and efficient accounting team for a hyper-growth, high-tech company.
Please apply with an English version of your CV.
About the role

Manage accounting processes for the department including cash entry and reconciliation, expense management and reporting and more
Perform general accounting functions including preparation and review of journal entries, balance sheet reconciliations, bank reconciliation and sub-ledger reconciliations
Assist in maintaining and updating documentation of accounting department policies and procedures
Monitor and analyze financial transactions to ensure accounting records are complete and accurate
Participate in the annual financial audit process including interactions with internal and external auditors
Oversee cash management, transfers and reconciliations
Assist with general administrative tasks and ad hoc projects as assigned

Skills  experience

Bachelors degree in Accounting or Finance (studying or recently graduated)
Chartered Accountant preferred
Proficient in NetSuite or equivalent ERP applications
One to three years of progressive experience in general ledger accounting
Advanced experience with Microsoft Excel including Vlookups, Pivot Tables, SUMIFS function
Strong written and oral communication skills
Strong analytical skills, precision and attention to detail
Must work collaboratively and possess a strong work ethic
Track record of identifying inefficiencies and developing solutions to improve processes
Able to work independently in a fast-paced, high-volume environment
Perform work accurately and in a time-efficient manner, with strong attention to detail, organization, and follow through
Familiarity with basic accounting procedures, including journaling transactions, accruals, and reconciliation preparation
Fluent in English
RTW in Brazil

 
LI-AH1
LATAM
 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice