Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! Who we are  
Were a passionate engineering, platform, and operations team, developing and supporting ground-breaking products. Together, well build for the future, creating more opportunities for wellness businesses around the world to help their customers lead full, healthy lives. We push ourselves and our company to always strive for this higher purpose, recognizing the power in working together toward the same goal. We believe in building a diverse company where everyone feels safe bringing their authentic selves to work. And we believe that the secret to success is our people. Join the team, and lets see what we can accomplish together!  
Your role
Youre someone who thrives on working across the stack and following the code wherever it leads. You know the best software is created through collaboration and iteration and youre looking for the right opportunity, and the right team, to expand your experience. You seek feedback because it has the ability to turn good work into great work. You like to ship software early and often. You value simplicity and strive to eliminate unnecessary complexity.
About the right team member
We value people who are intellectually curious, who are pragmatic not dogmatic, and people who care about our product, their teammates, and their own personal growth. We are faced with an interesting set of technical challenges and we believe in giving our engineers the autonomy to go and solve them. Much of our team comes from non-traditional computing backgrounds; we know that by bringing together a diverse set of voices well be able to build a better product, and a better company. We care less about what languages or frameworks you know, and care more that you are excited to produce high-quality code and be constantly learning. Our engineers work in cross-functional teams that are focused on impact, and movement between teams is encouraged. We work very closely with our brilliant product team to deliver a world class user experience, and ultimately to empower our users to live their fullest, healthiest lives.
Youll likely spend time working on

Collaborate closely with Product, Design, and QA to iterate on the design, implementation and deployment of our product.
Develop reusable and scalable UI components and connect them to our backend systems.
Build and maintain backend systems and applications.
Seek different perspectives and solicit honest feedback.
Practice engineering best practices (e.g., automated testing, code reviews, proper monitoring).
Take delight in delighting our users.
Care about our studio partners and want to help them grow their business.

Youll thrive in this role with experience in

Experience with React, Redux and SASS as well as familiarity with modern JavaScript libraries and tooling such as Next.js, Redux-Saga, and Apollo.
Experience with Kotlin or Java.
Understanding of SQL and relational databases.
An eye for creating great, accessible user experiences.

 
 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice