Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
Youre not afraid to cold call or strike up a conversation with someone you just met. You are always coming up with ways to think outside the box whether its crafting a rockin pitch deck, putting together a convincing email proposal or getting creative to get someones attention! 
Our Partnerships team is the key to ClassPass success. We wouldnt exist without our amazing fitness and wellness partners. In this role, you will be identifying potential businesses to work with, pitching them the value of joining our platform and network and building long-lasting relationships with owners, managers, and staff in creative and fun ways! 
About the role

Source new sales opportunities through outbound cold calls and emails and inbound lead follow-up  
Maintaining high-volume daily KPIs and metrics 
Research, prospect and sell new studio, gym and wellness partners in target areas to help ClassPass expand its geographic footprint 
Manage your own opportunities by utilizing CRM, email and outreach tools and resources to cultivate and maintain your pipeline 
Regularly communicate successes and roadblocks to your manager to better inform the teams goals and targets 
Develop creative, fun, and innovative ways to connect and build out your relationships with potential partners and share across the team 
Achieve and consistently exceed monthly sales goals 

Skills  experience

Two years of sales experience 
Exemplary skills focused on listening and qualifying questions to engage, pitch and close prospects 
Hustle and drive to hit and exceed goals 
Strong phone presence and willingness to make multiple phone, email and social media contacts per day 
Experience working with Salesforce or similar CRM 
Excellent verbal and written communications skills 
Ability to multi-task, prioritize, and manage time effectively 
Occasional willingness to travel and work in-market to help expand the ClassPass geographic footprint - including taking studio classes 

Pay transparency
It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization.
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.
The base salary range for this position in the United States is 41,600 to 46,500. The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, stock, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans.
 
LI-SH1
REVUS
 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice