Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
As a Project Manager, your job is to plan, oversee and document all aspects of the projects you are working on. Project managers work closely with leadership to make sure that the scope and direction of each project is on schedule, as well as with other departments for support. Other responsibilities may include setting deadlines, assigning responsibilities and monitoring and summarizing progress of projects.
About the role

Coordinate internal resources for the flawless execution of projects
Ensure that all projects are delivered on-time, within scope and within budget
Assist in the definition of project scope and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility
Develop a detailed project plan to monitor and track progress
Manage changes to the project scope, project schedule and project costs
Measure project performance using appropriate tools and techniques
Perform risk management to minimize project risks
Create and maintain project documentation
Track project performance, specifically to analyze the successful completion of short and long-term goals
Develop spreadsheets, diagrams and process maps to document needs

Skills  experience

2-4 years of formal project management experience
PMP Certification, or other relevant certification preferred
Experience in Payment Processing preferred
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, and strong aptitude for emotional intelligence.
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills—able to work on complex problems where analysis of situations requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors
Strong relationship building skills, and the ability to establish credibility and influence within the internal organization
Intermediate level of proficiency with MS Project, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint and SharePoint
Proven ability to demonstrate a drive for results and accountability of business needs
Proven ability to work in an ambiguous environment and collaborate across multiple areas in order to achieve a common business objective

Pay transparency
It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization.
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.
The base salary range for this position in the United States is 72,000 to 87,000. The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, stock, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans.
 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice