Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
We are seeking an entrepreneurial, highly motivated individual to help grow our burgeoning corporate sales channel. The right candidate isnt afraid of striking up a conversation with someone they just met, and is driven to succeed in a competitive, ever-changing environment. They think outside the box, are comfortable iterating on a pitch deck, can build rapport easily or influence stakeholders to close a deal. This role is ideal for someone with a few years of full-cycle, revenue-based selling experience, and is excited to bring their skills to the ClassPass Corporate team to hit the ground running.
About the role

Research, prospect and vet both inbound and potential mid to large size clients to purchase and successfully implement our corporate wellness program
Manage your own pipeline by utilizing online and offline resources to cultivate new and existing opportunities
Drive through the full sales cycle by makingsending introductory calls and emails, assessing and building relationships, performing sales presentations and closing the best deal for both ClassPass and the client, all while maintaining a strong close rate
Develop creative, fun, and innovative ways in which you connect and build out your relationships with potential partners and share across the team
Forecast each quarter against your goals and report pipeline progress to your manager
Communicate successes and roadblocks to the Corporate Sales Manager to ensure the team is on track to hit monthly goals.
Collaborate cross-functionally with internal stakeholders to ensure successful corporate launches
Maintain strong industry knowledge of the benefits and corporate wellness space, and craft ClassPass value proposition and positioning
All other duties as assigned

Skills  experience

3-4 years revenue based selling experience, with a track record of relentlessly high standards and top performance
Comfortable and confident interacting with a wide range of stakeholders, including senior-level management (both internal and external)
Excellent research and lead generation skills, as well as written and oral communication skills
Expert at navigating networks and building professional relationships from scratch
Highly organized individual with the ability to prioritize and manage time effectively, and strong attention to detail
Team player with an openness to feedback, and dedication to consistent self improvement
Technical experience in computer programs such as CRM systems, Excel, Word, Powerpoint, Keynote, etc.

Pay transparency
It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization.
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.
The base salary range for this position in the United States is 64800 to 77800. The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans.
 
LI-MBBGHave we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice