Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! 
Who We Are


Were a passionate engineering, platform, and operations team, developing and supporting ground-breaking products. Together, well build for the future, creating more opportunities for wellness businesses around the world to help their customers lead full, healthy lives. We push ourselves and our company to always strive for this higher purpose, recognizing the power in working together toward the same goal. We believe in building a diverse company where everyone feels safe bringing their authentic selves to work. And we believe that the secret to success is our people. Join the team, and lets see what we can accomplish together!  


 Your Role 



As an Engineering Manager, youll be leading a full stack team focused on one of the key opportunities for Mindbody. Youll pursue continuous improvement to help Mindbody achieve its mission: Powering the worlds fitness and wellness businesses and connecting them with more consumers, more effectively, than anyone else.  


You Will: 




Empower your engineering team to deliver a high level of technical  quality and business impact. 








Recruit a diverse team of engineers that are amongst the best in the  industry, from outreach to closing. 


Manage a team of engineers and help develop their careers with  stretch responsibilities and excellent feedback. 


Be actively involved in strategic direction and product decisions for your team. 


Contribute to engineering-wide initiatives as a member of Mindbodys engineering management team. 




About the Right Team Member 




You are an experienced engineer turned successful people leader who is passionate about creating impactful and high-quality web applications. You have deep experience in at least one aspect of developing a world class webapplication and you can manage a high performing team through the entire process. 


  Youll Thrive In This Role with Experience In: 




3 years of directly managing a full stack engineering team of at least 6 people. 


Experience shipping high quality websites or mobile applications. 


You have established the architecture and best practices for web or mible applications and their backends. 








You have a proven ability to establish and articulate a vision, set goals, develop and execute. 



Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice