Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
In this role, you are the face of ClassPass to our fitness, wellness and beauty partners. You have experience in a high volume sales position. You already know how to manage client relationships, interpret their performance metrics, and come up with creative solutions to address their concerns.Youre not afraid to cold call someone or strike up a conversation with someone youve just met. You are always coming up with ways to think outside the box, whether its crafting a compelling pitch deck, putting together a win-win proposal or dropping into a business in person who has already said No over emailphone. You will do whatever it takes to build the best network of quality businesses on ClassPass.Our Partnerships team is the key to our success. In this role, you will be identifying potential studio and gym partners to work with, pitching them the value of joining our network, teaching them about our optimisation tools and helping small to medium business owners achieve great results.
About the role

Research, prospect and sell studio partners to our platform
Utilise online and offline resources and tools to develop and maintain your own pipeline in SalesForce
Drive the full sales cycle through makingsending introductory calls and emails, assessing and building the relationship and closing the deal
Identify and close strategic accounts in each particular market
Customise partnership proposals according to the needs and interests of the prospect
Develop creative, fun, and innovative ways in which you connect and build out your relationships with potential partners and share across the team
Achieve and exceed monthly target goals
Drive adoption of new ClassPass products among your studio partners
Develop in-depth performance reports to share with studio partners

Skills  experience

Bachelor degree
Must have 4 years of experience in sales, account management, business development, or similar
A detail-oriented approach to executing tasks and an ability to manage multiple projects at once
A team player and comfortable with an ever-changing startup environment
Mastery in negotiation conversations
Able to craft compelling, relevant, and objective-oriented storylines in talking points and presentations
Knowledgeable in small business operations and financial opportunities with a willingness to learn
Able to create, read and interpret data graphs
Technical experience in computer programs such as SalesForce, SalesLoft, Gong, Excel, Word, Powerpoint, etc.
Right to work in Australia

 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice