Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
We are looking for a Lifecycle Program Manager to manage our global referral program at ClassPass. Because of the virality of our product, referrals is one of the largest acquisition channels at ClassPass. This role will sit on the Lifecycle team, however they will also work closely with the acquisition team on reporting and forecasts.  
The Lifecycle team oversees initiatives like referrals, email leads and winback acquisitions, increasing user retention, average revenue per user and user communication through lifecycle channels. The person in this role will be responsible for execution, campaign set-up, and strategy of all elements of referrals while employing strong analytical skills and cross functional work to deliver growth in one of our most important channels. You should have an understanding of growth and how referrals deliver towards the broader business objectives.  
About the role

Execute on emails, modals, in-app messages within Braze and campaign launches globally to grow the referral channel 
Manage the experimentation roadmap for referrals to optimize performance through messaging, incentives, placements and other referral levers 
Understand the technicalities of a Content Management System to QA referral messaging shown in product around the referral invite, share and redemption flow 
Analyze referral test results and the referral funnel to identify actionable opportunities (external and internal levers) to improve performance and drive scale  
Leverage data to back proposals and recommendations based off of learnings 
Partner with the in-house creative team, BI team, and product team to innovate on referral capabilities and programs 
Present senior stakeholders on how referrals are tracking against forecasts and company goals 
Work closely with the acquisition team on forecasting and reporting  
Support and execute on other lifecycle functions and campaigns 

Skills  experience

2-3 years of experience in analytics, finance, consulting or growth  lifecycle  email marketing 
Attention to detail with high personal standards for accuracy and quality of work 
Strong project and time management skills  
Comfortable with numbers, interpreting data and Excel 
Intermediate SQL knowledge 
Motivated self-starter who can work independently in a lean fast-moving environment, but also builds strong relationships and trust working across teams  
Experience with building out emails through HTML  
Effective and strong communication skills  
Experience with tools including Contentful, Optimizely, and Braze is a plus but not required 
Experience with subscription economics is a plus but not required 
Experience with AB and multivariate testing to have clean readouts is a plus but not required

Pay transparency
It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization.
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.
The base salary range for this position in the United States is 65,000 to 84,000. The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans.
 
LI-KW1
 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice