Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
This Senior Software Engineer - Integrations role is a critical part of the Core Business Operations team, which designs, builds, and supports the scalable, agile processes and systems that empower Mindbody to deliver on its strategic ambitions.  
We are seeking a highly skilled Senior Software Engineer to join our team. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in integrations development and associated data mappings and transformations. The candidate will be responsible for designing, developing, deploying, and maintaining integrations between different systems and applications, and for ensuring the smooth and seamless flow of data between these systems. 
PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:  

Develop and deploy integrations between different systems and applications
Ensure the smooth and seamless flow of data between systems
Orchestrate and perform data migrations leveraging middleware integrations between applications based upon the MuleSoft Anypoint Platform.
Map data between different applications and build and manage simple to complex data transformations.
Troubleshoot and resolve any integration-related issues
Collaborate with stakeholders and business systems teammates to assess current state, envision future state, conduct gap analysis, and identify solutions to deliver against strategic objectives. 
Participate in discovery, envisioning, requirements gathering, and design sessions.
Develop a strong understanding of Mindbodys people, processes, and systems. 
Develop and maintain appropriate technical solution documentation.
Keep up to date with the latest integration technologies and industry trends 

QUALIFICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS: 

Strong analytical abilities and tenacity around problem solving.  
Strong drive and work ethic coupled with consistent coachability. 
Curiosity and an eagerness to research, learn about, and develop expertise around processes, systems, and business concepts.  
Initiative to identify process and systems improvements and to take ownership of implementation
Strong background in integrations development including CICD strategies
Familiarity with different integration patterns and best practices
Strong experience with REST and SOAP web services, JSON and XML data formats
Experience with MuleSoft andor other cloud-based integration platforms such as Microsoft Azure Logic Apps, Oracle Fusion Middleware, TIBCO, or similar
Expertise in MuleSoft Anypoint Platform, including Anypoint Studio, Anypoint API Manager, Mule runtime engine, Dataweave, and Munit
Knowledge of Java, J2EE, Postman, and related technologies.
Knowledge of Salesforce development including Visualforce, Apex, and LWC 

Pay transparency
It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization.
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.
The base salary range for this position in the United States is 102,000 to 175,400. The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, stock, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans.
 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice