Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! 
About the right team member
The Financial Analyst is responsible for the ongoing analysis of the Companys operating and financial results.  This position will be deeply involved in the Companys annual budgeting process and will help drive the success of the business by providing information and analysis to assist in decision-making.  The successful candidate will have a background in accounting or finance, preferably in the software business with experience in forecasting, budgeting, and financial modeling. 

About the role


Work with individual departments and department heads to analyze financial results and develop performance metrics and processes for analyzing those metrics 
Assist with and help to manage the weekly, monthly, quarterly, and annual headcount and expense planning process
Work with department heads to manage headcount and expense budget
Maintain actual and forecast models in Adaptive Insights financial planning system
Partner with FPA team members to understand processes, drive collaboration, and streamline workflows
Perform ad hoc financial analysis as needed, and take on assigned strategic initiatives, including preparation and analysis of pro forma financial results
Assist with general administrative tasks, analyze and improve current internal business processes, specifically workflows related to headcount management, to improve efficiency
All other duties as assigned 


Skills  experience

Bachelors degree in Business or Finance or equivalent work experience
3 years experience in business planning and analysis or financeaccounting, preferably in a high  tech or software company
Strong proficiency in MS Excel, including: 

Formulas and Functions, including: VLOOKUPs, nested IF statements, Logic statements, etc. 
Financial modeling experience in Excel preferred. Experience in financial close processes and accounting principles in computer software or related  industries


Previous experience working with reports and searches in NetSuite and Adaptive Insights are a plus
Public company experience is strongly preferred


LI-EH1
Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice