Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
The Senior Manager, People Operations and Technology is responsible for the creation, implementation and leadership of the operations and analytics functions of the People  Culture team, ensuring the Mindbody people processes, systems, and tools are running effectively and efficiently. Key areas of responsibility include the PC systems roadmap, partnering with Corporate IT to ensure integrated processes and systems; informing the organizations data-driven decision-making through the people analytics and insights strategy; and maximizing PCs efficiency and effectiveness through tools and processes.
About the role

Define PC Systems Strategy that aligns with Mindbody and PC vision and strategies.
Develop PC Systems roadmap that will continue to support the business growth and geographic footprint with the global oversight and local implementation.
Manage implementation of any new systems including HCM, LMS and in other systems that impact teams companywide. Includes managing contracts, budgets and vendors as needed.
Proactively provide continuous needs analysis and business recommendations to drive needed change in support of PC strategy and scalability goalsneeds within PC.
Work collaboratively across the organization to identify needs and functionality improvements and develop proposed changes, influence where needed and implement successfully.
Develop and refine people analytics strategy including data, insights and governance.
Drive development of people insights leveraging existing tools  building new capabilities to support business decisions.
Understanding of various methods for data-mining, analysis, reporting and presenting insights.
Drive streamlined, end-to-end process improvement while ensuring compliance with local, federal and international employment laws and internal controls.
Develop employee experience strategy by researching best practicestrends and assessing the current service levels to make improvements and things easier for our internal customers.
Lead team responsible for implementing PC systems, providing People analytics and insights and process changes and improvements.
Provide direction, mentorship and support to team as they develop and grow in their careers.
Provide direction and support to other leaders, teams and team members who are responsible for other implementing and maintaining other business systems building connectivity and partnership.

Skills  experience

Bachelors degree in Human Resources, Business or a related field or equivalent practical experience; Masters degree preferred.
8 years of relevant experience in People  Culture (HR) with a focus on systems, HR analytics and HR operations.
5 years people management experience.
Expertise in Human Capital Management systems.
Technical, comprehensive understanding of various HR systems that impact the business (such as ATS, LMS, Compensation tools, Employee Relations reporting tools, etc.)
Experience leading, developing and implementing a people analytics strategy. Ability to articulate the impact and value to the organization.
Solid understanding of PC business processes and their interdependencies with proven track record of leading and implementing process engineering and analytics projects to achieve improvements.
Demonstrated ability to lead and manage PC process andor technology projects.
Demonstrated collaboration and communication skills with the ability to effectively work and influence cross-functionally. Ability to articulate complex issues succinctly and differently depending on audience.
Demonstrated internal consulting, client management, and project management skills.
Expertise in leading multiple complicated projects with multiple stakeholders.
Related knowledge and skills working with diversity-related data.
Ability to influence without authority, solve problems in a fast-paced, changing environment.
Ability to be productive in an ambiguous, changing work environment.

Pay transparency
It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization.
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.
The base salary range for this position in the United States is 122,000 to 183,000. The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, stock, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans.Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice