Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
As an Associate Technical Account Manager (ATAM), your primary responsibility is to support our Technical Account Managers (TAMs) in ensuring the success of our customers. You will work closely with our Technical Account Management team to facilitate the implementation and configuration of MINDBODY software for Professional Services customers. Additionally, you will assist in identifying opportunities for improvement, and ensuring that customers receive exceptional service and value.
The hours for this role are Monday - Friday 12.00 - 20.00
About the role

Participate in comprehensive training, including Mindbody software training and shadowing the Professional Services Team.
Build and maintain a strong foundation of technical knowledge around Mindbody products, partners, and services.
Execute tasks and assignments as directed by Senior Technical Account Managers and Technical Account Managers.
Leverage in-depth product knowledge to aid team members in effectively utilizing product features and additional services, ensuring alignment with client needs and enhancing their knowledge of our product and services.
Coordinate resolution of basic and complex customer inquiries related to specialty areas of the service or products by gathering information to identify and assess the nature of the problem; escalate issues to a higher-level of technical account support, as needed.
Recognize gaps in workflow, site setup, and product utilization, developing solutions to align with business objectives and promoting best practices within the team.
Accurately track time spent on customer engagements, support interactions, account progress and milestones consistent with current and future department procedures and KPIs; responsible for individual metrics and department goals set by Mindbody leadership.
Act with a sense of urgency and professionalism while meeting internal and external deadlines; follow through on all assigned action items.
Collaborate internally as needed to develop and share best-practices and knowledge that will better support customers.
Advocate and communicate opportunities for development to management with a solution- orientated mindset when issues or process changes are needed to support a better customer
Facilitate the implementation, onboarding, conversion, and maintenance of Managed Services accountsorganizations.
All other duties as

Skills  experience

One (1) year of experience in a high-level, customer technical support or service SaaS company experience preferred.
Project management or coordination experience
Ability to quickly grasp industry, company, product, and technical knowledge.
Excellent time management and organisational skills, ability to prioritise and use time effectively and efficiently across a broad range of activities and projects at any given time; ability to meet internal and external deadlines.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to communicate in a clear, concise, and understandable manner, additionally when providing technical concepts to a non- technical audience.
Problem-solving skills, with the ability to handle complex issues with professionalism.
Ability to use strong problem-solving skills, quick-thinking, expectation setting, and use of independent judgement when making decisions that have an impact on customers and
Experience writing technical procedures and presenting information in one-on-one and group settings.
Ability to collaborate cross-functionally with all levels of internal in a tactful and professional manner and recognizes the importance of building professional and positive working relationships.
Demonstrated ability to provide support to team in advanced and complex situations, facilitating change management as needed.
Collaborative mindset, with the ability to work effectively with internal teams and a willingness to provide input for process improvement and advocate for customers needs.
Familiarity with Basic SQL, Microsoft Office Suite, and Application Programming Interface (API) is a bonus.
RTW in the UK

 
EMEA
 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice