Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
The Growth team is the vanguard of Marketing for Mindbody, driving Demand Creation and Capture.  As Demand Generation Lead, you will manage one or more paid acquisition channels to deliver quality SMB and Enterprise leads to our Sales team.  This is a critical role on a lean, high-performing team, charged with accelerating our Marketing efforts through channel optimization and channel RD. 
About the role

Own the execution of one or more acquisition channels which may include SEM, Display, Paid Social, ABM, Affiliates, partnerships, and others 
Scale existing channels and develop new channels through agile experimentation and testing 
Take responsibility of KPIs for owned channels, including Leads, MQLs, and ROI, and report to Marketing and Sales leadership 
Develop a partnership with the Sales team to gather qualitative feedback on prospects, and ensure that we are delivering high-quality leads 
Collaborate with the Product Marketing and Creative teams to deliver the most effective message to our target customers 
Work with the Marketing Technology and Operations team to define the infrastructure and process needs for owned channels  
Develop a nuanced understanding of our target customers through research insights and by observing their behavior  

Skills  experience

3-5 years of experience in Digital Marketing or another highly analytical domain 
Experience working with limited time and data to master the details and develop convincing synthesis and recommendations 
Aptitude and attitude to quickly learn new channels and tactics 
Outstanding communication, collaboration, and project management skills 

Pay transparency
It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization.
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.
The base salary range for this position in the United States is 106,000 to 159,000. The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans.
 
 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice