Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member

Mindbody is seeking a Senior Program Manager, Business Operations to spearhead those special projects and programs that require the highest levels of collaboration and coordination across multiple teams and business processes across at the company. Success in this role requires both complex strategic thinking as well as exceptional executional prowess; youll need to understand the implications of business and operational decisions across all constituents in the Mindbody ecosystem. This role is an excellent fit for someone who is able to navigate high degrees of organizational and process complexity, who can solve problems and get things done in the face of uncertainty and incomplete information, who thrives in leading very large of groups of people to achieve difficult objectives, and who has a generalists sensibility that finds any manner of business process or problem interesting. While this role sits in the Finance function, you will interact frequently with leaders and stakeholders across all departments, and will coordinate cross-functionally across all parts of the company to execute on initiatives.  


List of responsibilities 




Play driverquarterback role for strategic programs as prioritized by Executive Leadership Team; programs falling under scope of Program Management team include those with exceptionally high degrees of cross-functional collaboration and complexity, strategic importance, and executive visibility
Translate high-level objectives and problem statements from company leaders into concrete, highly detailed action and project plans that reflect deep understanding of workstream and operational interdependencies   
Work with analysts to develop insights on strategic problems at the crux of programs, formulate scrappy tests to validate hypotheses, and identify and monitor program KPIs  
Work with stakeholders across all teams at the company; exercise sound business judgment to resolve problems encountered by program working group in a practical, efficient manner 
Present plans and business results directly to our CEO and Executive Leadership Team for debate and approval of major strategic decisions and initiatives 





Skills  experience  



3 years experience in management consulting or in a business operations, program management, strategy, or similar role at a technology company 
Practical business sense with a strong ability to translate between strategic business decisions and their impacts
Strong quantitative and analytical orientation and knowledge of business fundamentals
Strong Excel modeling skills required; SQL, Looker andor Tableau skills a plus
Demonstrated experience  excellence in leading complex and cross-functional projects with large groups of stakeholders
Strong drive toward problem resolution; ability to get things done in the face of uncertainty or incomplete information
Excellent communication and leadership skills with the ability to distill complex issues  detailed analysis into simple, structured frameworks with concrete action plans
Comfort with ambiguity, uncertainty, and a rapidly evolving business landscape
Functional expertise in B2B companies a plus; B2B SaaS experience a plus 





Pay Transparency  



It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization. 


Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location. 


The base salary range for this position in the United States is 92,200 to 138,400.The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, stock, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans. 


 


 
Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice