Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! Who we are
Were a passionate engineering, platform, and operations team, developing and supporting ground-breaking products. Together, well build for the future, creating more opportunities for wellness businesses around the world to help their customers lead full, healthy lives. We push ourselves and our company to always strive for this higher purpose, recognizing the power in working together toward the same goal. We believe in building a diverse company where everyone feels safe bringing their authentic selves to work. And we believe that the secret to success is our people.  Join the team, and lets see what we can accomplish together!  
Your role

As a Senior Software Engineer, youll be a part of a team working to build and extend world class B2B user experiences using a wide variety of technologies. Youll pursue continuous improvement to help Mindbody achieve its mission: Powering the worlds fitness and wellness businesses and connecting them with more consumers, more effectively, than anyone else.
Youll likely spend time working on


As a self-directed, key contributor to code development on features and bugs to produce successful team sprints.
Making implementation design decisions around new feature components.
Producing contingency plans for critical projects.
Analyzing technical requirements with the team to gauge level of effort.
Carefully analyzing design specifications before coding to understand effort levels required.
Creating technical documentation for new features that can be easily understood by peers.
Writing and executing tests, including creating comprehensive unit and integration tests.
Participating in an on-call rotation duty to respond to after-hours system incidents.
Performing peer code reviews to ensure quality of the codebase.
Keeping abreast of new technologies.
Ensuring designs and projects created comply with design library guidelines, internal best practices, and coding conventions when applicable.


About the right team member

You love to engage in design and implementation of complex, interconnected systems and APIs. You know the best platform is created through collaboration and iteration and youre looking for the right opportunity, and the right team, to expand your experience. You seek feedback because it can turn good work into great work. You like to dig into problems and solve them with customers needs in mind, you value simplicity, and you strive to eliminate unnecessary complexity.
At Mindbody we value team members who are curious, practical, and-openminded), and who care about our product, their teammates, and their own personal growth. Were faced with an interesting set of technical challenges, and we believe in giving our engineers the freedom to create solutions based on their unique perspective.
Much of our team comes from non-traditional computing backgrounds. In bringing together diverse voices, well build a better product, and a better company. We care less about which languages or frameworks you know, and more that youre excited to produce high-quality code and be consciously evolving. Our engineers work in cross-functional, collaborative teams focused on impact. We work very closely with our brilliant product team to deliver a world-class user experience, and ultimately to empower our users to create and grow successful businesses.
Youll thrive in this role with experience in


Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent.
8 years of industry experience in programming large-scale SaaS products.
Experience designing and architecting frontend services.
Experience Designing and working with Microservice architecture.
Experience with monitoring systems such as New Relic or Kibana.
Familiarity with SDLC and programming design patterns, and Agile methodology.
Experience reviewing new feature impact on an application and recognizing potential risks.
Detail-oriented, professional and possesses a positive work attitude.
Ability to communicate professionally both verbally and in writing.
Knowledge of the Microsoft Development Stack: C, .NET Core, LINQ.
Bonus if you have experience with OauthOIDC frameworks like IdentityServer.


Technologies youll be working with

While we value experience with these technologies, were primarily looking for team members with strong technical skills and the ability to quicky pick up new tools and frameworks.

Typescript, html, CSS
React and Next.js
AWS services including: Lambdas, SNS, SQS, EKS
Microservice Architecture
DynamoDB
MongoDB
Vistual Studio
C, .NET 6


Pay transparency
It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization.
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.
The base salary range for this position in the United States is 140,300 to 210,500. The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans.
 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice