Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
The Senior Technical Recruiter plays an integral role in growing Mindbodys pipeline of talent. The selected individual will identify and work with internal and external candidates through the entire recruitment lifecycle, including sourcing, screening, interview setup,  offers,  negotiations,  and  closing.  The Senior Technical Recruiter acts as a subject matter expert by staying current with recruiting best practices, changing trends and strategic sourcing methodologies. 
This team member will need to be fluent in both written and spoken english. 
About the role

Full lifecycle recruitment for external candidates with a special focus on strategic hiring for high impact software engineering and technical roles.     
Engages with candidates as single point of contact and screens candidates for full understanding of  availability, interest levels, salary range, relocation needs, visa status and basic qualifications.  
Acts as a recruiting  subject  matter  expert  providing  mentorship,  sharing  and  demonstrating  use  of industry best practices to other recruiters and team members across the company.   
Assists leadership in developing high level strategy that contributes to meeting companywide hiring goals. 
Manages stakeholder expectations by presenting data the helps demonstrate a deep understanding of the available talent pool for hard to fill positions. 
Evaluates employment factors such as job experience, education, skills, training, fit with organization, and future potential.
Builds and maintains a strong recruiting funnel by proactively identifying and building relationships with hard-to-find talent.
Provides candidates with information regarding company culture, compensation, benefits, policies and procedures.
Builds strong relationships with hiring managers to ensure hiring requirements are understood, anticipated and met.
Maintains applicant tracking system for recruiting statistical analysis and maintains thorough candidate documentation.
Maintains knowledge of the changing environment of the workforce in the marketplace.
Maintains current knowledge of applicable laws, regulations, and trends in recruitment.
Ensures compliance with established procedures and applicable laws.
Partners effectively with People  Culture Business Partners.
Provides regular reports on the status of positions and presents data and solutions, as needed.
Assists with Talent Acquisition related project work as needed. 
Effectively handles challenging and sensitive personnel situations, while maintaining  confidentiality and exhibiting sound logic and judgment. 

Skills  experience

4  years of experience working in technical recruiting 
Bachelors Degree or equivalent experience 
Experience working in a lead, closing or sales recruiting role 
Demonstrated ability to proactively identify and hire top talent 
Motivation and drive to excel in a high paced, continually changing environment 
Experience developing recruiting strategies that have contributed to the achievement of companywide hiring goals
Technical acumen including familiarity with commonly used programming languages, systems architecture, IT networking and commonly used hardware and software tools  
Demonstrated ability to lead and mentor other recruiters
Excellent communication skills with the ability to influence and negotiate, fluent in written and spoken english required
Strong organizational skills, detail oriented and committed to continuous improvement
Keen attention to detail, along with strong organizational skills and the ability to prioritize and execute on a plan
Ability to proactively network and establish effective working relationships with candidates and co-workers
Strong self-awareness and emotional intelligence. Must be approachable, patient, helpful and remain calm under challenging circumstances. 
Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice