Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! 
About the right team member  


Mindbody is looking for a Financial and Operational Analytics Lead to join our company and lead business-critical analytical workstreams at an exciting and transformational time in our business. This role sits on our Financial  Operational Analytics team, a small analytics SWAT team that acts as an internal consultancy, performing in-depth data analysis and strategic exploration to answer our toughest business questions as prioritized by the companys Executive Leadership Team. This team member will independently drive workstreams utilizing a wide range of analytical skillsets and capabilities  building Excel models, writing SQL queries, designing and consulting on AB tests, conducting user research  working in close coordination with executive leaders and team members from all functions across the company. Our ideal team member thrives at synthesizing large amounts of information and cutting through to strategic insights and succinct business recommendations in a highly dynamic environment.   



List of responsibilities 



Generate hypotheses, then evaluate via structured analyses that distill data and businessfinancial models into synthesized insights for consumption by executive-level leaders 
Complete ad hoc analyses in partnership with key business stakeholders with flexibility and ownership mentality detail (i.e., do the work, but also shape the work), utilizing an array of different analytical skillsets (Excel modeling, SQL queries, secondary research, surveysconsumer research, outside-in competitive analyses, AB testing) 
Support insight delivery to company leadership and Board of Directors via structured and synthesized communications (i.e., write punchy and succinct emails that evidence principles of strong executive communication, build well-polished Powerpoint decks with highly effective data visualizations, anticipate questions and follow-ups) 
Support recommendations with rigorous and traceable scenario and what-if analyses (i.e., build error-free Excel models with great hygiene and principles of strong scenario modeling) 
Work cross-functionally with leaders and subject matter experts to ensure that decisions are optimized for maximizing business performance and informed by rigorous data analysis 
Partner closely with FPA and Business Intelligence teams to champion a culture of data-driven decision making and expand the analytical capabilities of the organization 





Skills  experience 



2-5 years work experience; strong preference for management consulting background, but open to all candidates with past experience overseeing analysis of strategic questions at a technology or similar company 
Strong quantitative skills (can be evidenced in many ways  college coursework, prior job experience in a quantitative field, etc.) 
Advanced Excel modeling skills required; experience with other data analysis tools and languages like SQL, R, Python preferred 
Excellent written and visual communication skills; strong ability to clearly communicate analytical insights via slides and written summaries
Strong interpersonal skills and a flexible, team-oriented attitude; willingness to quickly pivot to new projects as required by business needs 





Pay Transparency  


It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization. 



Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location. 


The base salary range for this position in the United States is 115,000-135,000. The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, stock, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans. 

 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice