Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! 
About the role
You love helping other managers and leaders grow into the best versions of themselves. You believe in bottom-up leadership and helping teams move quickly and with quality by giving them ownership of their roadmaps. You have a strong technical vision and can help guide teams and organizational structure over the long term but arent afraid of rolling up your sleeves and getting down in the weeds on a technical challenge  even if that means writing code from time to time. You care about the entire organization and work to make it more efficient over time, whether its directly within your purview or not. 
Youre excited jump into wherever your impact will be the highest - whether thats recruiting, coaching, setting technical vision, or doing data analysis, and you prefer to bias for action rather than wait around for the perfect solution. You know the best software is created through collaboration, experimentation and iteration and youre looking for the right opportunity, and the right team, to expand your experience.  
Skills  experience

14 years engineering experience.
5 years of Engineering team management experience, architects and developers
Comfortable managing and building remote.
Direct experience directing teams in distant time zones (e.g., India).
Experience working on consumer applications.

Nice to have.

Experience with iOSAndroid development.
Experience with a microservices architecture.
Experience with .NET or Ruby.
Experience in an organizational structure that emphasizes cross-functional, autonomous teams.
Strong sense of consumer focus and desire to ship high-quality features to our users quickly.

Principal duties

Be a part of the engineering leadership team and drive the technical strategy for the organization.
Leverages team members technical expertise and strengths to see projects through fruition.
Guide our longer-term technical vision to help us build a scalable and maintainable platform.
Evangelize software development best practices and customer centricity.
Work with your teams  ensure that they are aligned with larger organizational and company goals.
Stay on the cutting edge of whats new in technology and user experience, identifying opportunities to and experimenting with applying new technologies and interaction patterns to customer problems.
Facilitates cross-functional teams focused on the operational implementation of MINDBODYs strategy for Software Development
Work closely with the Product leadership to build the right team structure that enables us to move quickly, with high impact.
Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice