Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! 
About the right team member
ClassPass is looking for a highly motivated, detail-oriented, FPA Analyst with excellent business acumen. In this role youll support the creation and delivery of our monthly and quarterly financial reporting packages and our annual operating plan, help to build budgets and forecasts, monitor actual performance and investigatecommunicate deviances vs plan. Youll also be responsible for completing ad hoc analyses and supporting the development of strategic business cases in partnership with stakeholders across the company, and for monitoring the health of critical business metrics, functions, and processes. This opportunity is an excellent fit for a candidate seeking a role in finance that provides broad operational and strategic exposure to a rapidly scaling, growth stage business. The role is predominantly focused on the ClassPass business, though sits on our FPA team whose responsibilities span both Mindbody and ClassPass.  


About the role



Support the month end close process, in close collaboration with the Accounting and Business Intelligence teams, by ensuring the accuracy of PLs and monthly business results and investigating discrepant or anomalous data
Create forward-looking financial forecasts and budgets for the business, including the annual operating plan well as nearer and longer term forecasts (monthly, quarterly, and five year); identify and analyze drivers of variance between our financial projections and actual performance, and work with business stakeholders on operational and strategic responses to observed business trends
Develop and support processes for monitoring the health and performance of critical business functions and processes, including marketing spend, payments and revenue collection, and studio partner payouts, and collaborate cross functionally to evaluate trade offs, opportunities and risks associated with strategic options
Enable effective decision making through driving ad hoc pieces of financial analysis (e.g., partner prepayments, ROI of marketing investments) and competitive analysis (e.g., pricing, promotions)
Support the delivery of regular communications on financial performance and trends to functional and Executive Leadership  




Skills  experience 



1-3 years experience in management consulting, investment banking, PEVC, or in an analytics, financial planning or strategy role at a technology or rapidly scaling company 
Strong quantitative orientation, as evidenced by academic coursework or prior quantitative work experience
Advanced Excel and data modeling skills; experience with SQL, Looker, Tableau, or Anaplan preferred
Strong attention to detail with high personal standards for accuracy and quality of work
Motivated, proactive and curious disposition, with a natural tendency toward investigating information that seems interesting or anomalous
Strong written and visual communication skills 



Pay transparency
It is Mindbodys intent to pay all Team Members competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable. The goal of Mindbodys compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees, and encourage Team Members to stay with our organization.
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.
The base salary range for this position in the United States is 75,000-101,000  year. The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, stock, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans.
 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice