Were revolutionizing the fitness  wellness industry, and were looking for talented people to help us do it. Mindbody  ClassPass bring together the best of both sides of the market: Mindbody is the industrys most trusted all-in-one technology platform; ClassPass is one of the most popular apps for fitness  self-care enthusiasts. Together were partnering with more than 70,000 fitness studios, gyms, salons, and spas around the world. Were not just another tech company—were far and away the leader of our industry. So join the team, work with mission-led people, and enjoy amazing benefits. Lets see what we can accomplish together! About the right team member
You are a natural salesperson, hustler, and networker, whos as passionate about hitting targets to grow a business as you are about discovering new fitness and wellness options. Youre not afraid to strike up a conversation with someone you just met. You are always thinking outside the box; whether its crafting an epic pitch deck or win-win proposal, or finding creative ways to generate more leads, pitch more prospective partners, or close more high quality deals.
Our Partnerships team is the key to ClassPass success. ClassPass wouldnt exist without our fitness and wellness partners and this role focuses on adding fantastic new partners to our network in China, which is a comparatively new market for ClassPass but with huge opportunities. You will be identifying potential studios and venues to work with, pitching them the value of joining ClassPass, building supply density in key areas and filling your prospect pipeline in creative and fun ways!
About the role

Utilize online and offline resources and tools to develop and maintain your own pipelin
Research, prospect and sell new studio, gym and wellness partners on to the platform in selected areas to help expand the ClassPass geographic footprin
Drive the full sales cycle through makingsending introductory calls and emails, meeting prospects face to face, building the relationship and closing the deal
Effectively objection handle and customize partnership proposals according to the needs and interests of the prospect and ClassPas
Develop creative, fun, and innovative ways in which you connect and build out your relationships with potential partners and share across the team
Actively hit daily KPIs and consistently achieve  exceed monthly sales targets across new partners and pre-existing partners
Build strong, long-term relationships with partners in a diverse book of business ranging from top and medium tier account
Responsible for monitoring and identifying pockets of opportunity on supply health across your book of business with a heavy focus on inventory availability
Engage with key studio partners during a monthly check-in via phone and in-person meetings (some youll interact with every day!)
Retain our partners by providing best-in-class support  relationship management
Quarterly Business Reviews and develop in-depth performance reports to share with studio partners
Contribute towards team wide projects 

Skills  experience

      2 years of experience in B2B sales or BD with a track record of relentlessly high standards and top performance
      Highly organized individual, self-motivated, strong ability to prioritize and attention to detail
      A fantastic communicator; not afraid to speak to anyone 
      A strong negotiator who is driven by results
      A genuine curiosity about people and local businesses and the innate ability to inspire passion in others
      A natural problem solver whos comfortable with an ever-changing fast, startup environment
      Resilience and an ability to overcome objections and obstacles with an openness to feedback, and dedication to consistent self-improvement
      Positive and inventive attitude and a drive to win with friendly competition
      Familiar with SalesForce, Excel, Word, Powerpoint, Keynote, etc.
      Desire to spend a sizable share of your time in field sales and meeting prospects face to face
      Proficient in English and native speaker in Chinese
      Passion in fitness or sports is highly preferred!
      Based in Shanghai and must be eligible to work in China

 Have we piqued your curiosity?
Sound like the role for you? Wed love to hear from you! Even if youre not 100 sure about potential fit, we still encourage you to apply. Were looking for the right person, not the perfect series of checkboxes.
Mindbody is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We highly value diversity at our company and encourage people of all different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or other protected characteristics.
California Applicants Privacy Notice  UKEU Applicants Privacy Notice