At Mission North, we work with companies that want to drive real change in their industries. Our communications agency is driven by talented, ambitious, and empathetic people who want a career and work culture built around purpose and impact. Mission North works with technology and life sciences companies at every stage: startups going to market, growth-stage companies, as well as established ones.
 
What makes us Mission North?

Were a values-driven team that cares deeply about our clients, each other, and our communities
We are insatiably curious and embody a growth mindset 
Recognizing employees for their hard work is deeply embedded in our culture
And we offer some pretty amazing perks

About the JobMission Norths Employee Experience  Talent Acquisition Manager will steer every aspect of our recruiting and hiring foundation. You will be responsible for maximizing recruiting efficiency, providing an exceptional candidate experience from introductory call to offer letter, and driving consistent and effective processes to hire the agencys best PR and communications professionals. You will work cross-functionally with the People Team, and client practice group leads to establish hiring plans and goals while managing timeline expectations with candidates and internal stakeholders. 
In addition to recruitment, this role is responsible for end-to-end Employee Experience, from Onboarding to Offboarding and every other moment of the employee lifecycle.
 
Heres what you would be doing day-to-day:  

Manage end-to-end full-cycle recruiting from sourcing to offer letters while leading the candidate experience and building  Mission Norths brand reputation along the way
Use innovative outreach and talent brand approaches to attract the most diverse set of qualified candidates our industry has to offer
Attend recruitment outreach events and host career day panels
Shepard programs like our Future IsFellowship and internship with oversight from the Executive sponsors
Help build a culture of excellence around recruiting 
Maintain accurate and well-ordered documentation on all candidates, searches, hiring manager interactions, and other recruiting activities in Greenhouse and recruiting documents
Provide information to internal staff on market trends and recommend more effective ways to attract and recruit great talent
Execute all scheduling for phone, video, and onsite interviews in a timely and efficient manner
Streamline applicant tracking feedback, metrics, and details with hiring teams to keep hiring processes on track and organized
Identify staffing needs, provide strategic guidance on timelines and manage hiring expectations 
Develop and maintain agency training and resources for staff so they are knowledgeable about our internal hiring and interviewing processesbest practices 
Implement and embed effective talent attraction methods that align with our values and growth plan
Oversee vendor management (job postings, sourcing tools, and the like)
Provide support in delivering an impactful onboarding experience to all new employees.
Work closely with key stakeholders to ensure accuracy and alignment of programs, collateral, and communications.
Administer and analyze post-recruitment and onboarding surveys.
Address questions and requests related to onboarding and employee experience programs.
Report metrics and data to the Chief People Officer

Qualifications include:

Bachelors degree
At least 3 years of experience in a similar role with PRcommunicationsmarketing industry experience and talent relationships preferred
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Strong program management skills and genuine interest in managing and mentoring teams
Very organized and excels at handling multiple responsibilities at the same time, thriving at meeting deadlines and solving problems in a fast-paced environment
Take ownership of your projects and use sound judgment to execute your deliverables without day-to-day oversight
Strong dedication to diversity, equity, and inclusion, using research and data to improve internal processes and support a thoughtful and welcoming work environment
You value learning and are always working to develop your craft, reflecting on your progress and looking for opportunities to improve and develop, acting as a role model as you help others to own their career journeys

Why Mission North?

We are all in. Recognizing that we are better together, we show up for each other every day. 
We dig deep. Were organized by practice, which means clients get a team with deep expertise, relationships, and knowledge in their market. Its not enough to know the media and influencers shaping these industries. We need to be experts in the main issues driving them. 
We are a multidisciplinary team. Telling stories in a truly integrated way - across media, social, and owned channels - requires an integrated mindset and skillset. We build teams that amplify individuals strengths across our crew of communications strategists, media relations pros, writers and editors, designers, data analysts, content marketers, paid and social media managers.
We welcome all points of view: A creative team thrives with diverse perspectives. We strive to include diverse viewpoints in every aspect of our business and client work. We are stronger when everyone feels they belong and speaks up. 
We give back. We invest two percent of our profits and time in local nonprofit organizations, having donated more than 1M in grants and pro bono services to critical causes shaping our communities.

Our Commitment to Diversity and InclusionWere committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at Mission North. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
 
CompensationActual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills and prior relevant experience. 
Mission North cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
Pay Range:  Expected Salary range depending on experience: 105,000-125,000, not including year end profit sharing bonus.