Are you passionate about communicating the latest advancements in therapeutics for rare and prolific diseases? Are you looking to tell the stories of companies tackling climate change in our food, energy, transportation and manufacturing systems? Are you a communicator that loves translating the highly complex to the easily digestible? Mission North is looking for a Life Sciences  Sustainability Senior Account Director whose interests and experience fall within these areas.
 
The Senior Account Director will be responsible for strategizing and implementing communications and PR activities that generate awareness and excitement among key audiences (i.e., investors, potential partners, consumers, etc.) and directly ladder up to clients business goals. This person will contribute to two of Mission Norths fastest growing practice areas, serving as a chief thought partner in growing the agency, cultivating high-performing teams, and delivering results for our clients. Leveraging their experience working with brands in biotech, agtech andor climate tech, the Senior Account Director will serve as a key client relationship manager and lead strategist for companies that are changing the pace and face of scientific innovation.
 
What makes us Mission North?

Were a down-to-earth team that knows how to have fun at work and outside the office
We believe in lifelong learning and personal growth
Recognizing employees for their hard work is deeply embedded in our culture
And we offer some pretty amazing perks

Heres what you would be doing day-to-day:  

Direct strategy across account teams and practice areas
Oversee day-to-day account operations, program goals and budgets
Drive client management, team planning sessions, new business pitches, end-of-month reporting and invoicing
Develop, manage, and review content, ranging from drafting strategic plans to writing key communications materials (ie, press releases, op-eds, thought leadership content, etc.) to conceptual design of assets such as infographics, surveys, videos, etc.
Conceptualize inventive influencer and third-party validator strategies that drive engagement
Serve as a key contributor in new business
Cultivate the agencys sphere of influence with agency peers, VCs, prospects, talent, etc.
Manage 1-2 direct reports as well as mentor Account Managers and Senior Associates

What were looking for in a candidate:

A minimum of 10-14 years of communications and PR agency experience, with a focus on brands operating in Life Sciences, Sustainability and biotech
Demonstrated knowledge of key industry trends, current events, and market landscape of the Life Sciences, Sustainability and biotech industries
Demonstrated experience developing, directing and executing strategic communications programs that blend paid, shared, earned and owned media elements
Experience helping disruptive brands develop compelling messaging, storylines and executive thought leadership platforms, with a focus on distilling complex concepts and communications for lay audiences
Established relationships with top-tier trade media and bloggers, vertical market media and national and local business media
Experience in corporate communications strategy including corporate positioning and narrative development, investor relations, funding announcements, earnings reports, etc.
Demonstrated experience counseling C-Suite executives on communications and PR strategy
Proven ability to run and manage teams, with little oversight from senior leadership
A self-directed leader with a demonstrated ability to operate, problem solve and exercise sound judgment autonomously 
Ability to travel to and from clientnew business meetings as appropriate

 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunities to excel.
 
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at Mission North. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply.
 
Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
 
Compensation
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills and prior relevant experience.
Pay Range: Expected Salary range depending on experience: 160,000-180,000, not including year-end profit sharing bonus.
 
Mission North cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package for full-time employees that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and paid holidays, among others.
 