About Mixpanel
Mixpanel is event analytics platform for builders who need answers from their data at their fingertips—no SQL required. When everyone in the organization can see and learn from the impact of their work on product, marketing, and company revenue metrics, they are poised to make better decisions.
Over 8,000 customers, including companies like Netflix, Pinterest, Sweetgreen, Samsara, and Uber, use Mixpanel to understand their customers and measure progress. Our commitment is to provide the most comprehensive and reliable analytics platform accessible and trusted by all.About The RM Team
The Enterprise Account Management team covers roughly 25 of Mixpanels global ARR, across some of our largest and most strategic customers. The team is focused on retaining and growing this book of business, through ensuring a smooth onboarding process, understanding how our customers get the most value out of Mixpanels capabilities, driving adoption, and uncovering growth opportunities.The team has developed a strong community of practice in collaboration with the Services team (CSMs) in APAC and globally and works closely with partners relevant to their customers.
About The Role
Were looking for a Strategic Enterprise Account Manager for the APAC region who can partner closely with our largest customers, ultimately leading to long term customer success and increased revenue under their management. Mixpanel Relationship Managers have a strong understanding of our products capabilities and are able to continuously uncover areas of value for our customers.
Responsibilities

Owns and maintains the relationship with director and executive-level economic buyers at their accounts by being able to connect their objectives with the value that Mixpanel provides to their teams
Builds and maintains a long-term account plan and strategy focused on product adoption, driving business value, and discovering growth opportunities, across a book of approximately 10-15 managed accounts in the territory.
Acts as a data and analytics thought leader and partner to their accounts, as demonstrated through QBRs focused on use cases and business impact, and coordination and delivery of product demos and trainings
Work and collaborate with our key partners to support overall growth in the region and provide a holistic consultative view to the customer
Will be responsible for accurately forecasting churn and growth in their accounts

Were Looking For Someone Who Has

Experience working within the SaaSSoftware Market with experience managing complex 7 figure relationships that have long sales cycles and complex buying process.
10 years in quota carrying role, managing existing customer relationships
Has owned customer relationships at Fortune 1000 businesses
Has strong organisational skills and sales acumen, demonstrated by following a consistent sales methodology, maintaining accurate CRM data and revenuechurn forecasts, and consistently hitting retention and growth targets
Is able to build and maintain credibility with a technical end-user in Engineering, Product, and Design functions, by showcasing Product and Industry knowledge and expertise
Able to hold conversations with Procurement and finance teams and understand the nuances of their motivations
Is a team player and has experience of strong collaborative relationships with Partners and Services to achieve common goals

Bonus Points For

Previous experience in a technical customer-facing role (AE RM AM)
Understanding of the modern data stack and has worked with digital native tech brands in India
Benefits and Perks

Comprehensive Medical, Vision, and Dental Care
Mental Wellness Benefit
Generous Vacation Policy  Additional Company Holidays
Enhanced Parental Leave
Volunteer Time Off
Additional US Benefits: Pre-Tax Benefits including 401(K), Wellness Benefit, Holiday Break

please note that benefits and perks for contract positions will vary
Culture Values

Be Open: When knowledge becomes open, we can come together as a team to collaborate around a shared purpose
Customer Focus: Our customers success is our success
Lead Change: Everyone at Mixpanel has the capacity to make an impact on the business
Results Oriented: Driving results in a measurable way ensures we stay focused on the highest impact initiatives
One Team: We cant win without each other

Why choose Mixpanel?
Were a leader in analytics with over 8,000 customers and 277M raised from prominent investors: like Andreessen-Horowitz, Sequoia, YC, and, most recently, Bain Capital. Mixpanels pioneering event-based data analytics platform offers a powerful yet simple solution for companies to understand user behaviors and easily track overarching company success metrics. Our accomplished teams continuously facilitate our expansion by tackling the ever-evolving challenges tied to scaling, reliability, design, and service. Choosing to work at Mixpanel means youll be helping the worlds most innovative companies learn from their data so they can make better decisions.
Mixpanel is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. At Mixpanel, we are focused on things that really matter—our people, our customers, our partners—out of a recognition that those relationships are the most valuable assets we have. We actively encourage women, people with disabilities, veterans, underrepresented minorities, and LGBTQ people to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance or other similar laws that may be applicable, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Weve immersed ourselves in our Culture and Values as our guiding principles for the impact we want to have and the future we are building.