About Mixpanel
Mixpanel is event analytics platform for builders who need answers from their data at their fingertips—no SQL required. When everyone in the organization can see and learn from the impact of their work on product, marketing, and company revenue metrics, they are poised to make better decisions.
Over 8,000 customers, including companies like Netflix, Pinterest, Sweetgreen, Samsara, and Uber, use Mixpanel to understand their customers and measure progress. Our commitment is to provide the most comprehensive and reliable analytics platform accessible and trusted by all.We are actively recruiting for multiple Software Engineers across different levels for our org! 
About The Role
Mixpanel engineering is a small team that works quickly, prioritizing getting value to customers and iterating to make those experiences even better. We offer the most powerful product analytics tool while still focusing on making the user experience delightful. The full stack engineers have the freedom to move about the stack to deliver value to customers without being blocked by ownership silos. This means doing everything from building snappy UIs and fast and reliable services to leveraging our powerful query engine to get the customers answers that help them deliver great products. We are looking for folks who seek to understand and own customer problems, participating in every step of the development life cycle from ideation to delivery and maintenance. We encourage ownership and autonomy—if you see customer pain points, you will be empowered to fix them. There is no not my problem at Mixpanel. All customer problems are ours to fix. We believe that our UX is a key differentiator, and we invest heavily in UI, aiming for a snappy and intuitive experience. We believe in Product-Led Growth, that even enterprise adoption of software tools starts with individual users and the way to get there is through creating a user experience that gets customers to answers quickly.
Responsibilities
At Mixpanel Engineering, Product, and Design (EPD) work closely in pods to define the product and experiences. Youll be collaborating closely with your EPD team to create a vision for delightful and intuitive UX, then work to deliver the most impactful features for our customers. Youll be owning key pieces of the product, maintaining them, and always advocating for improvements to make the user experience even better, adding to our growing shared components library and expanding our design system. Youll be working on our web app, which is built in Python, running Django, with an open source JavaScript framework running the front end. Everything is run on Google Cloud Platform, using Kubernetes and Docker for orchestration and containerization of our services.
A typical project requires working across our stack, creating endpoints for your feature as well as developing and deploying the UI. Here are some projects weve worked on in the past to give you an idea of what to expect.
A way for customers to share their metrics publicly, a pain point for customers who want to easily share their data on social media or with executive leadership. This feature required keeping an eye on security so unintentional data would not be leaked for customers, but would enable easier collaboration.
We rebuilt our Live View from the ground up and rebranded to Events. Our goal was to improve users trust and make debugging their data and query results easier. With these goals in mind, we removed a number of limitations from Live View, improved key work flows, and tightened the UX. We also drastically simplified both the back-end and front-end architecture resulting in a more performant and maintainable product. The end result is a more powerful tool for our users and a simpler codebase for our developers.
We revamped our dashboards UI to improve the workflow for creating and saving analyses that also had the nice side effect of making our data model clearer. This required us to iterate and polish while learning more about how customers used and worked around our product in their day to day. We applied these learnings to smooth our workflows even more while continuing to set the stage for more series of improvements.
We redesigned our query builder to allow users to instantly see the results of their changes on one screen. This was required balancing competing requirements of visual space for the query builder and the ability to see two things at once, resulting in a more intuitive UX.
We made segmentation faster allowing users to customize what they can compare at the query time vs deciding everything they will ever need at the time they develop your product.
What were looking for

We are hiring full stack engineers at all levels across all teams.
You take ownership of problems with a focus on delivering value to userscustomers.
You can deliver solutions that are pragmatic in approach.
You have experience with web application architecture and principles.

Additional Resources 

Engineering Life Page 
Engineering Blog

Compensation
The total target compensation (TTC) for this full-time position is 181,500 - 221,500 across the United States. This amount includes base compensation and variable compensation in the form of either a company bonus or commissions. Variable compensation type is determined by your role and level. In addition to the cash compensation provided, this position is also eligible for equity consideration and other benefits including medical, vision, and dental insurance coverage. You can view our benefits offerings here.
Our salary ranges are determined by role and level and are benchmarked to the SF Bay Area Technology data cut released by Radford, a global compensation database. The range displayed represents the minimum and maximum TTC for new hire salaries for the position across all of our US locations. To stay on top of market conditions, we refresh our salary ranges twice a year so these ranges may change in the future. Within the range, individual pay is determined by experience, job-related skills, qualifications, and other factors. If you have questions about the specific range, your recruiter can share this information.
LI-CF1Benefits and Perks

Comprehensive Medical, Vision, and Dental Care
Mental Wellness Benefit
Generous Vacation Policy  Additional Company Holidays
Enhanced Parental Leave
Volunteer Time Off
Additional US Benefits: Pre-Tax Benefits including 401(K), Wellness Benefit, Holiday Break

please note that benefits and perks for contract positions will vary
Culture Values

Be Open: When knowledge becomes open, we can come together as a team to collaborate around a shared purpose
Customer Focus: Our customers success is our success
Lead Change: Everyone at Mixpanel has the capacity to make an impact on the business
Results Oriented: Driving results in a measurable way ensures we stay focused on the highest impact initiatives
One Team: We cant win without each other

Why choose Mixpanel?
Were a leader in analytics with over 8,000 customers and 277M raised from prominent investors: like Andreessen-Horowitz, Sequoia, YC, and, most recently, Bain Capital. Mixpanels pioneering event-based data analytics platform offers a powerful yet simple solution for companies to understand user behaviors and easily track overarching company success metrics. Our accomplished teams continuously facilitate our expansion by tackling the ever-evolving challenges tied to scaling, reliability, design, and service. Choosing to work at Mixpanel means youll be helping the worlds most innovative companies learn from their data so they can make better decisions.
Mixpanel is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. At Mixpanel, we are focused on things that really matter—our people, our customers, our partners—out of a recognition that those relationships are the most valuable assets we have. We actively encourage women, people with disabilities, veterans, underrepresented minorities, and LGBTQ people to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance or other similar laws that may be applicable, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Weve immersed ourselves in our Culture and Values as our guiding principles for the impact we want to have and the future we are building.