About Mixpanel
Mixpanel is event analytics platform for builders who need answers from their data at their fingertips—no SQL required. When everyone in the organization can see and learn from the impact of their work on product, marketing, and company revenue metrics, they are poised to make better decisions.
Over 8,000 customers, including companies like Netflix, Pinterest, Sweetgreen, Samsara, and Uber, use Mixpanel to understand their customers and measure progress. Our commitment is to provide the most comprehensive and reliable analytics platform accessible and trusted by all.About the Role
Mixpanel enables fast self-serve product analytics which in turn helps transform how teams make product decisions. We want to disrupt user event steam analytics. Mixpanel is powered by a custom multi-tenant, distributed, columnar database system that scans quadrillions of user-generated events every month to serve these analytical queries. Speed is a core value prop of Mixpanel that allows to do analytics at interactive speeds. We are trying to innovate and differentiate when it comes to performance and not just make incremental tweaks. We have lofty goals for the next 2 years and you will have the opportunityresponsibility of shaping the vision and roadmap.
What Youll Do At Mixpanel
As a Senior Software Engineer, Performance, you will join the Query Engine Team to reliably evolve our columnar analytics database engine as we add more and more users to our multi-tenant system and ingest and query petabytes of data.
Youll be responsible for:

Doing performance analysis and implementing better indexing strategies, data partitioning, compression and statistic collection.
Develop tools to profile performance at runtime e.g. perf, eBPF, kernel tracking, flame graphs.
Implementing best-in-class cloud serving building blocks such as dynamic resource allocation, load-balancing, auto-scaling and more.
Ensuring reliability and uptime of the services youre responsible for

Were Looking For Someone Who Has:

A knack for problem-solving and thinking from first principles. You dont shy away from any problem, no matter the scale or impact
Experience in performance optimization of cloud based big data systems
Strong troubleshooting skills and hands on knowledge of linux profilingdebugging tools
Familiarity with multi-threading, CPUGPU synchronization

Additional Resources 

Engineering Life Page 
Ensuring Data Consistency Across Replicas
Strategies For Effective Data Compaction
Monitoring Apache Kafka with JMX Exporter and Kafka Exporter
Resharding petabytes of data to improve performance for our largest customers
How we cut BigQuery costs by 80 by identifying and optimizing costly query patterns

Compensation
The total target cash compensation (TTCC) for this full-time position would fall within the bands below. This amount includes base compensation and variable compensation in the form of either a company bonus or commissions. Variable compensation type is determined by your role and level. In addition to the cash compensation provided below, this position is also eligible for equity consideration and other benefits including medical, vision, and dental insurance coverage. You can view our benefits offerings here.Senior Software Engineer, IC4 219,500 - 268,500Staff Software Engineer, IC5 255,000 - 345,000Leveling is determined by factors such as years of relevant work experience, level of responsibility, and knowledge required to be successful in the role.Our salary ranges are determined by role and level and are benchmarked to the SF Bay Area Technology data cut released by Radford, a global compensation database. The range displayed represents the minimum and maximum TTCC for new hire salaries for the position across all of our US locations. To stay on top of market conditions, we refresh our salary ranges twice a year so these ranges may change in the future. Within the range, individual pay is determined by experience, job-related skills, qualifications, and other factors. If you have questions about the specific range, your recruiter can share this information.Benefits and Perks

Comprehensive Medical, Vision, and Dental Care
Mental Wellness Benefit
Generous Vacation Policy  Additional Company Holidays
Enhanced Parental Leave
Volunteer Time Off
Additional US Benefits: Pre-Tax Benefits including 401(K), Wellness Benefit, Holiday Break

please note that benefits and perks for contract positions will vary
Culture Values

Be Open: When knowledge becomes open, we can come together as a team to collaborate around a shared purpose
Customer Focus: Our customers success is our success
Lead Change: Everyone at Mixpanel has the capacity to make an impact on the business
Results Oriented: Driving results in a measurable way ensures we stay focused on the highest impact initiatives
One Team: We cant win without each other

Why choose Mixpanel?
Were a leader in analytics with over 8,000 customers and 277M raised from prominent investors: like Andreessen-Horowitz, Sequoia, YC, and, most recently, Bain Capital. Mixpanels pioneering event-based data analytics platform offers a powerful yet simple solution for companies to understand user behaviors and easily track overarching company success metrics. Our accomplished teams continuously facilitate our expansion by tackling the ever-evolving challenges tied to scaling, reliability, design, and service. Choosing to work at Mixpanel means youll be helping the worlds most innovative companies learn from their data so they can make better decisions.
Mixpanel is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. At Mixpanel, we are focused on things that really matter—our people, our customers, our partners—out of a recognition that those relationships are the most valuable assets we have. We actively encourage women, people with disabilities, veterans, underrepresented minorities, and LGBTQ people to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance or other similar laws that may be applicable, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Weve immersed ourselves in our Culture and Values as our guiding principles for the impact we want to have and the future we are building.