About Mixpanel
Mixpanel is event analytics platform for builders who need answers from their data at their fingertips—no SQL required. When everyone in the organization can see and learn from the impact of their work on product, marketing, and company revenue metrics, they are poised to make better decisions.
Over 8,000 customers, including companies like Netflix, Pinterest, Sweetgreen, Samsara, and Uber, use Mixpanel to understand their customers and measure progress. Our commitment is to provide the most comprehensive and reliable analytics platform accessible and trusted by all.About the Sales Team
Our Sales team manages the entire sales cycle, helping prospects and existing customers leverage Mixpanel to analyze, measure, and improve their customer experience. The team consists of two roles - Account Executives who bring in new business and Account Managers responsible for nurturing existing customers. The team specifically covers companies with employee sizes from 1-200, emphasizing high-growth tech companies changing the world around us.
About Mixpanel in Israel
Mixpanel is the best-known and respected Digital Analytics platform in Israel. With hundreds of paying customers from Israel, from the entire spectrum of industries, we are proud to work with some of the largest and most fascinating customers that have come out of Israel in recent years, including Viber, eToro, Taboola, Fiverr, and Monday.com and many more. The Israeli market represents one of Mixpanels most exciting markets, with a concentration of Tier 1 tech and start-ups and a high focus on VCs. We have witnessed a high level of growth in the Israeli market since we put a team on the ground team in November 2021.  For this reason, we are looking to add a Sales representative in the territory.  This Sales representative will work under the direction of our Country Manager in Israel and be part of a team on the ground- in Tel Aviv.
About the Role
As an Account Executive II, youll help our future customers understand the power of Mixpanel as the best-in-class digital analytics solution in the market. Collaboration is critical, from building solid relationships with prospects and key stakeholders to working with internal cross-functional partners like Solutions Engineering to win together as one team. Youll leverage your prospecting skills selling SaaS to tech companies alongside solid knowledge of Mixpanels product and ecosystem to close new business, powering the next generation of innovative companies.
Responsibilities

Half of your time will be spent closing new business opportunities, and half of your time will be spent developing a pipeline into stage two opportunities. 
Prospect into specific targeted accounts — build and maintain pipeline while owning the sales cycle from start to finish.
Drive awareness of Mixpanel as a solution within the marketplace and handle inbound requests from interested prospects.
Maintains accurate Salesforce records related to New Business opportunities and delivers accurate weekly forecasts related to revenue targets.
Approach all deals with a customer-focused mentality. Develop relationships and uncover the needs of multiple key stakeholders to find value moments.
Sell with a long-term consultative approach.
Collaborate cross-functionally with key partners such as Solutions Engineering, Customer Success, Product, Marketing, and Legal.
Intimately understand Mixpanels competition and technology partners to consult customers on our place in the broader analytics market.

Were Looking For Someone Who Has

Minimum two years of related experience in full cycle SaaS Sales from prospect to close, as an Account Executive or related cross-functional role like Sales Engineer.
Strong outbound prospector and have successfully closed net new business deals.
Effective communicator and collaborator — you have strong interpersonal skills and are an excellent team player.
Adaptability — you understand that change is constant and embrace it.
Agility and resilience — you move quickly and encourage continued improvement.Strong work ethic, desire to learn, and a drive to excel.
Curiosity for the product analytics space.

Bonus Points For

Experience selling to high-growth tech companies.
Experience with Mixpanel or other analytics tools.

Hebrew short post:
 Mixpanel       Account Executive     Country Manager . Mixpanel       .         ,   , : Fiverr, Viber, Monday.com, eToro, Coca Cola, IDF, Gett .      Product and Selfserve analytics ,  Growth        ,   .    ,  -  .Benefits and Perks

Comprehensive Medical, Vision, and Dental Care
Mental Wellness Benefit
Generous Vacation Policy  Additional Company Holidays
Enhanced Parental Leave
Volunteer Time Off
Additional US Benefits: Pre-Tax Benefits including 401(K), Wellness Benefit, Holiday Break

please note that benefits and perks for contract positions will vary
Culture Values

Be Open: When knowledge becomes open, we can come together as a team to collaborate around a shared purpose
Customer Focus: Our customers success is our success
Lead Change: Everyone at Mixpanel has the capacity to make an impact on the business
Results Oriented: Driving results in a measurable way ensures we stay focused on the highest impact initiatives
One Team: We cant win without each other

Why choose Mixpanel?
Were a leader in analytics with over 8,000 customers and 277M raised from prominent investors: like Andreessen-Horowitz, Sequoia, YC, and, most recently, Bain Capital. Mixpanels pioneering event-based data analytics platform offers a powerful yet simple solution for companies to understand user behaviors and easily track overarching company success metrics. Our accomplished teams continuously facilitate our expansion by tackling the ever-evolving challenges tied to scaling, reliability, design, and service. Choosing to work at Mixpanel means youll be helping the worlds most innovative companies learn from their data so they can make better decisions.
Mixpanel is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. At Mixpanel, we are focused on things that really matter—our people, our customers, our partners—out of a recognition that those relationships are the most valuable assets we have. We actively encourage women, people with disabilities, veterans, underrepresented minorities, and LGBTQ people to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance or other similar laws that may be applicable, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Weve immersed ourselves in our Culture and Values as our guiding principles for the impact we want to have and the future we are building.