About Mixpanel
Mixpanel is event analytics platform for builders who need answers from their data at their fingertips—no SQL required. When everyone in the organization can see and learn from the impact of their work on product, marketing, and company revenue metrics, they are poised to make better decisions.
Over 8,000 customers, including companies like Netflix, Pinterest, Sweetgreen, Samsara, and Uber, use Mixpanel to understand their customers and measure progress. Our commitment is to provide the most comprehensive and reliable analytics platform accessible and trusted by all.PC-01
Were looking for a Support Engineer to join us in our Barcelona or London office.
About the Support Team
Mixpanel Support is a team of talented problem-solvers from diverse backgrounds in teaching, consulting, mechanical engineering (just to name a few). We care deeply about helping our customers be successful, and strive to help them learn and answer questions in Mixpanel with ease. We are located all over the world in San Francisco, Barcelona, London, and Singapore.
About the Role
Were looking for a Support Engineer to join us in our London or Barcelona office. The right candidate is an avid learner, an unwavering advocate for customers, and a collaborative teammate. The main responsibility of a Support Engineer is to help users solve technical challenges and answer questions with Mixpanel. At the same time, youll work closely with the product team to identify ways to make the product and customer experience even better.
Responsibilities
The core responsibility of a Support Engineer is to support our customers at every turn in the Mixpanel journey by providing answers to product questions, sharing best practices and debugging technical issues. Additionally, you will develop your technical skills, collaborate with our Product team to improve our product, learn product analytics and mentor new team members. Weve had team members focus on developing their technical skills to join the product and engineering teams, hone their customer facing skills to become customer success managers or sales engineers as well as take on leadership roles in the Support organization.

Become a Mixpanel product expert! Our support team is on the front lines developing best practices and offering consultative advice. You will help customers understand our reports and features, improve their implementation, and support them through their technical roadblocks
Respond to customer inquiries, primarily via Zendesk email or online chat
Contribute to growing support channels like online community forums and help center documentation
Collaborate with other Support Engineers to investigate and resolve customer issues
Identify, document, and report bugs and customer feature requests to share with our Product and Engineering teams
Act as a customer advocate by providing continuous feedback regarding internal support processes, product improvements and customer education
Help customers import, update and export data via our APIs

Were Looking For Someone Who Has

An intrinsic drive to help customers, along with the patience and empathy to understand their issues and provide solutions tailored to their needs
A knack for explaining complex concepts to a diverse audience — our customers are all over the world, in a variety of industries, with varying roles and backgrounds
Exceptional problem solving skills, critical thinking skills, and the ability to interpret data
Ability to ask the right questions, think on your feet, and be resourceful when faced with new challenges
Exceptional writing skills with great attention to detail

Bonus Points For

Experience providing consultative services and the ability to ask our customers the right business questions and utilize their data to realize their goals
Programming experience and an understanding of interacting with APIs
Experience with debugging and resolving complex technical issues. We support all of Mixpanels SDKs — the most common implementations are with our Android, iOS, and JavaScript libraries
Experience with Mixpanel or other analytics tools
Benefits and Perks

Comprehensive Medical, Vision, and Dental Care
Mental Wellness Benefit
Generous Vacation Policy  Additional Company Holidays
Enhanced Parental Leave
Volunteer Time Off
Additional US Benefits: Pre-Tax Benefits including 401(K), Wellness Benefit, Holiday Break

please note that benefits and perks for contract positions will vary
Culture Values

Be Open: When knowledge becomes open, we can come together as a team to collaborate around a shared purpose
Customer Focus: Our customers success is our success
Lead Change: Everyone at Mixpanel has the capacity to make an impact on the business
Results Oriented: Driving results in a measurable way ensures we stay focused on the highest impact initiatives
One Team: We cant win without each other

Why choose Mixpanel?
Were a leader in analytics with over 8,000 customers and 277M raised from prominent investors: like Andreessen-Horowitz, Sequoia, YC, and, most recently, Bain Capital. Mixpanels pioneering event-based data analytics platform offers a powerful yet simple solution for companies to understand user behaviors and easily track overarching company success metrics. Our accomplished teams continuously facilitate our expansion by tackling the ever-evolving challenges tied to scaling, reliability, design, and service. Choosing to work at Mixpanel means youll be helping the worlds most innovative companies learn from their data so they can make better decisions.
Mixpanel is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. At Mixpanel, we are focused on things that really matter—our people, our customers, our partners—out of a recognition that those relationships are the most valuable assets we have. We actively encourage women, people with disabilities, veterans, underrepresented minorities, and LGBTQ people to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance or other similar laws that may be applicable, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Weve immersed ourselves in our Culture and Values as our guiding principles for the impact we want to have and the future we are building.