About Mixpanel
Mixpanel is event analytics platform for builders who need answers from their data at their fingertips—no SQL required. When everyone in the organization can see and learn from the impact of their work on product, marketing, and company revenue metrics, they are poised to make better decisions.
Over 8,000 customers, including companies like Netflix, Pinterest, Sweetgreen, Samsara, and Uber, use Mixpanel to understand their customers and measure progress. Our commitment is to provide the most comprehensive and reliable analytics platform accessible and trusted by all.About The Support Team
Mixpanel Support is a team of talented problem-solvers from diverse backgrounds. We care deeply about helping our customers be successful and enabling them to get value from their data. We are located all over the world in San Francisco, Barcelona, London, and Singapore.
About The Role
The right candidate is an avid learner, an advocate for customers, and a collaborative teammate. The main responsibility of a Support Engineer is to help users solve technical challenges and use Mixpanel to make impactful product decisions. Weve had team members focus on developing their technical skills to join the product and engineering teams, hone their customer-facing skills to become customer success managers or sales engineers as well as take on leadership roles in the Support organization.
Responsibilities
The core responsibility of a Support Engineer is to support our customers at every turn in the Mixpanel journey by providing answers to product questions, sharing best practices and debugging technical issues. Youll also develop your technical skills, collaborate with our Product team to improve our product, learn product analytics and mentor new team members.

Become a Mixpanel product expert - you will help users understand our reports and features, help them use our APIs and SDKs, share best practices and resolve account issues
Respond to customer inquiries, primarily via Zendesk email or online chat and occasionally over phone calls
Investigate and document bugs and feature requests to share with our Product and Engineering teams
Provide feedback regarding internal support processes, product functionality and customer education resources to improve the customer experience
Shape the product by regularly working closely with PMs, engineers, and designers to incorporate customer learnings into change

Were Looking For Someone Who Has

Patience in communication and teaching - you love to enable others and see them succeed
Excellent problem solving and analytical skills
Ability to communicate technical concepts effectively in a clear, friendly writing style
Ability to be resourceful and resilient when faced with ambiguity and new challenges
Dedication to developing expertise in a complex and constantly evolving product
Interest and aptitude to develop technical skills and learn new technologies

Bonus Points

Programming experience, understanding of web technologies and interacting with APIs
Experience with debugging and collaborating with engineering to resolve complex technical issues, especially with JavaScript, Python, or mobile technologies
Experience with Mixpanel or other analytics tools

 Benefits and Perks

Comprehensive Medical, Vision, and Dental Care
Mental Wellness Benefit
Generous Vacation Policy  Additional Company Holidays
Enhanced Parental Leave
Volunteer Time Off
Additional US Benefits: Pre-Tax Benefits including 401(K), Wellness Benefit, Holiday Break

please note that benefits and perks for contract positions will vary
Culture Values

Be Open: When knowledge becomes open, we can come together as a team to collaborate around a shared purpose
Customer Focus: Our customers success is our success
Lead Change: Everyone at Mixpanel has the capacity to make an impact on the business
Results Oriented: Driving results in a measurable way ensures we stay focused on the highest impact initiatives
One Team: We cant win without each other

Why choose Mixpanel?
Were a leader in analytics with over 8,000 customers and 277M raised from prominent investors: like Andreessen-Horowitz, Sequoia, YC, and, most recently, Bain Capital. Mixpanels pioneering event-based data analytics platform offers a powerful yet simple solution for companies to understand user behaviors and easily track overarching company success metrics. Our accomplished teams continuously facilitate our expansion by tackling the ever-evolving challenges tied to scaling, reliability, design, and service. Choosing to work at Mixpanel means youll be helping the worlds most innovative companies learn from their data so they can make better decisions.
Mixpanel is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. At Mixpanel, we are focused on things that really matter—our people, our customers, our partners—out of a recognition that those relationships are the most valuable assets we have. We actively encourage women, people with disabilities, veterans, underrepresented minorities, and LGBTQ people to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance or other similar laws that may be applicable, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Weve immersed ourselves in our Culture and Values as our guiding principles for the impact we want to have and the future we are building.