About Mixpanel
Mixpanel is event analytics platform for builders who need answers from their data at their fingertips—no SQL required. When everyone in the organization can see and learn from the impact of their work on product, marketing, and company revenue metrics, they are poised to make better decisions.
Over 8,000 customers, including companies like Netflix, Pinterest, Sweetgreen, Samsara, and Uber, use Mixpanel to understand their customers and measure progress. Our commitment is to provide the most comprehensive and reliable analytics platform accessible and trusted by all.About the Role
Mixpanel is looking for an experienced Strategic Account Executive, based in our office in Bangalore, PAN India to drive our enterprise business across one of our key markets. You will be an impact player, able to demonstrate SaaS sales success in prospecting and acquiring new customers within the enterprise segment. You will work directly with the GTM leadership team to plan and implement sales strategies designed to grow our enterprise business across India. You will collaborate with our cross-functional teams to position Mixpanel as the best in class Analytics tool in the market. This role is for you if you have a growth mindset, a bias towards experimentation and a desire to help organisations drive informed decisions from their data.
Responsibilities

Drive awareness of Mixpanel as a solution through effective out-bounding while also handling inbound requests from interested prospects
Become an expert on Mixpanels product and conduct discovery sessions, customised demos and presentations to prospective customers
Build and maintain a pipeline while owning the sales cycle from start to finish. (You will have support from our outbound sales team, partners - selling is a team sport!)
Conduct weekly meetings with the GTM leadership team to strategise pipeline development, prospecting, collaborating with partners and sales closure
Accurately forecast sales pipeline and exceed annual targets
Approach all opportunities with a customer focused mentality. Develop relationships and uncover the needs of multiple key stakeholders to find opportunities to drive value
Represent Mixpanel at regional events and wont be afraid to lead from the front
Intimately understand Mixpanels competition and technology partners to consult customers on our place in the broader analytics market

Were Looking For Someone Who Has

At least 8-10 years of direct enterprise sales experience, in SaaS enterprise software
Demonstrated experiences in navigating and managing complex relationships or sales cycles
Ability to build pipeline through individual prospecting, lead qualifying and developing comprehensive enterprise sales plans
Develop and maintain senior level relationships (CxO) within target accounts
Develop and leverage Mixpanels strong partner ecosystem to drive growth
Ability to collaborate and develop credibility with internal teams, external partners and customers
Have high ethics, integrity, humility, team mentality and a competitive mindset
Be highly motivated, professional, results-oriented with excellent listening skills
Familiar with sales methodologies such as MEDDIC  Value Selling
Willingness to roll up your sleeves and do what it takes to get the job done.
Ability to travel

   Bonus Points For

Have experience selling marketing analytics, product analytics and business intelligence solutions
Have experience selling into high growth technology companies
Benefits and Perks

Comprehensive Medical, Vision, and Dental Care
Mental Wellness Benefit
Generous Vacation Policy  Additional Company Holidays
Enhanced Parental Leave
Volunteer Time Off
Additional US Benefits: Pre-Tax Benefits including 401(K), Wellness Benefit, Holiday Break

please note that benefits and perks for contract positions will vary
Culture Values

Be Open: When knowledge becomes open, we can come together as a team to collaborate around a shared purpose
Customer Focus: Our customers success is our success
Lead Change: Everyone at Mixpanel has the capacity to make an impact on the business
Results Oriented: Driving results in a measurable way ensures we stay focused on the highest impact initiatives
One Team: We cant win without each other

Why choose Mixpanel?
Were a leader in analytics with over 8,000 customers and 277M raised from prominent investors: like Andreessen-Horowitz, Sequoia, YC, and, most recently, Bain Capital. Mixpanels pioneering event-based data analytics platform offers a powerful yet simple solution for companies to understand user behaviors and easily track overarching company success metrics. Our accomplished teams continuously facilitate our expansion by tackling the ever-evolving challenges tied to scaling, reliability, design, and service. Choosing to work at Mixpanel means youll be helping the worlds most innovative companies learn from their data so they can make better decisions.
Mixpanel is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. At Mixpanel, we are focused on things that really matter—our people, our customers, our partners—out of a recognition that those relationships are the most valuable assets we have. We actively encourage women, people with disabilities, veterans, underrepresented minorities, and LGBTQ people to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance or other similar laws that may be applicable, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Weve immersed ourselves in our Culture and Values as our guiding principles for the impact we want to have and the future we are building.