We are looking for candidates enthusiastic about building core software and infrastructure for mapping. You will focus on developing optimized solutions for our semantic map automation services, which include point cloud labeling, automated map annotations, and map change detection.  
Things youll get to work on:

Work with point cloud, image, and other sensor data to aid in semantic map building.
Design and implement optimized algorithms to build semantic maps from ground-up all the way to production.
Understand how the maps are consumed and design metrics and tools to evaluate and validate our automated annotations.
Work with internal teams that focus on HD mapping applications and Computer VisionMachine Learning models (e.g. SLAM, segmentation networks, object detection networks) to improve our semantic maps.
Design and implement algorithms to detect map changes across different map versions using raw sensor data and map data.

Education and Experience we hope youll come with:

Degree in Computer Science, Robotics or related field
Proven impact and expertise in the robotics  autonomous vehicle  mapping field.
3 years of research experience in robotics  mapping which covers topics in SLAM, geometric computer vision, point cloud processing, andor scene reconstruction
3 years of CPython software development which presents strong knowledge of software engineering principles including software design, source control management, build processes, code reviews, and testing methods
Past experience owning and leading technical development on features from problem formulation through implementation and deployment
Experience working with Machine Learning models is desired. More specifically, integrating machine learning modules, whether by TensorRT or TorchJIT, into production
Experience working with large and scalable systems is desired
Experience in cloud technologies and buildingmaintaining cloud services and databases is desired
Motional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.