The Metrics team focuses on data-driven metrics development for systems and subsystems to guide training and evaluation of our neural networks and autonomous vehicle stack components. The team charter is centered around three core concepts. First: how should we score the AV system as a whole in a way that is compliant with legal, ethical and ride comfort related constraints? Second: how do we compute these metrics in an efficient manner that can be reused across different applications? Third, how do we visualize these results at different levels of aggregation and communicate results with leadership?
What youll be doing

Design, plan, and implement future improvements of the C portion
Improving the software suite for scalability
Play a critical role in building large scale infrastructure for collecting metrics via simulation.
Deploy function in AWS infrastructure to analyze the data on scale
Analyze and decompose complex software systems and collaborate with cross-functional teams to influence design for scalability, testability, flexibility and cost efficiency.
Work with smart and motivated teammates in a fast-paced, collaborative environment.
Show initiative and be a lead team member in our innovative, fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment where cooperative teamwork is the norm.

What were looking for

5 years professional experience as a software engineer using C
Strong modern C development skills and best practices
Belief that you can achieve more on a team -- the whole is greater than the sum of its parts.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Flexible and creative thinking.
Passion about self-driving technology and its potential impact on the world.
A strong sense of ownership: Be able to drive the project from conception to production.
Motional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.