Mission Summary
Motional is actively looking for a Senior Hardware Design Engineer to join the team and focus on our next generation high performance computing platforms. Its an exciting time in the autonomous space and were looking to expand our engineering team onsite in the Silicon Valley office.
What youll be doing: 

Work cross-functionally to define and deliver High Performance Automotive grade ElectricalElectronic Hardware Platforms to support Motionals business objectives.
Develop new Hardware concepts and technologies to enable aggressive priceperformance automotive computer products.
DevelopExecute Hardware Design documentation, Schematics, Code reviews and Test Plans.
Work collaboratively, both with internal and external partners, to execute PCB Layout, SignalPower Integrity, EMC, Test Engineering, Mechanical and Thermal Engineering
Work closely with firmwarediagnostic engineering to ensure effective bring-up and functional test.
Support Manufacturing, Quality and Reliability teams to enable successful prototyping, NPI and Sustaining.
Some international travel may be required during critical project phases.

What were looking for: 

BSMS (MS preferred) in ElectricalElectronics Engineering or equivalent experience. 
5-10 years of experience with HW development of High Performance ComputeNetworking.
Proven competence in high speed board design, simulation and validation techniques.
Strong documentation, presentation and collaboration skills.
Ability to work through ambiguity to define an executable path.
Aptitude for learning in a fast paced environment.
Advanced knowledge of hardware engineering principles including requirements gathering, architecturedesign, source control management, build processes, reviews, testing methods. 
Solid foundational knowledge and hands-on experience using system communication protocols such as PCIe, I2C, UART, SPI and Ethernet.
Experience with computing architectures such as FPGAs, GPUs, MCUs, SoCs and their associated hardware computing platforms.
Lab working experience with Logic Analyzers, Scopes, VNAs.
The ability to coach and mentor other engineers.
Customer focus, strong collaboration skills, and the ability to pull engineers together across teams to accomplish objectives.
The ability to collaborate with and manage vendors to ensure quality and timely delivery.
The ability to drive and manage complex projects according to program schedules within a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
Comfortable working within Google Docs, Atlassian and Safety frameworks.
Experience with Polarion, JIRA, and Quality Management Systems.

Bonus Points (not required): 

Experience with Cadence HW Design Tools.
Automotive Design Experience including Power, GMSL, Automotive Ethernet, CAN.
2.5D3D Simulation Experience.
Python (or equivalent) Test Script development.
The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range190,800—248,400 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.