Mission Summary
A Triage Engineer will deliver capabilities in support of maintaining a high level of system quality and vehicle behavior for our autonomous driving technology. Ideal candidates for this position must have experience with system and sub-system level analysis, verification and validation methodologies, and cross team collaboration across software, testing and project management groups. Different from a traditional Software Quality Assurance (SQA) role, this position uniquely cross-cuts across testing and operations functions on the right half of the systems V-model and software development and systems  safety requirements functions on the left half of the V-model.
The Motional Las Vegas office is located less than 10 miles from the Las Vegas strip at 730 E Pilot Road, the Las Vegas office is home to one of the largest fleets of self-driving vehicles. The citys grid system of roads and being one of Americas smart cities allows for extensive research and development testing.
What Youll Be Doing

Perform detailed Root Cause Analysis (RCA), Fault Tree Assessment (FTA), Failure Mode Effect Analysis (FMEA) on several different test modalities such as -- public roads, closed course, simulation and Hardware-in-Loop (HIL)
Closely partner with the software development teams to maintain a rapport for rapid and iterative feedback loop
Synthesize test output data analysis in relation to the Systems, Safety requirements for the expected AV behavior
Drive the issue identification, analysis  introspection, mitigation and reporting lifecycle with the software development teams
Understand the Autonomous Vehicle (AV) Functional Safety (FuSa) and SOTIF requirements to generate, document and report the software issues for effective risk management
Develop stakeholder documentation such as software release reports, process training, knowledge base for common issues and outbrief content to the Triage external stakeholders
Optimize and implement Triage processes, collaborate with data platforms, test automation, infrastructure and tooling teams for functional user requirements
Partner with the engineering and operational teams on integrating Motionals commercial missions into the end-to-end Triage pipeline
Support building product and system level AV performance metrics across the development and commercial milestones
Show initiative and be a valued team member in our innovative, fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment where cooperative teamwork across locations is the norm
Partial travel is optionally recommended per business needs but not required for this role
Other duties as assigned

What Were Looking For

Bachelors or higher degree in Engineering such as Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, Robotics highly preferred; or at least four years of equivalent knowledge and work experience
2 years of professional experience working on safety critical and complex systems such as -- Robotics, Autonomous Vehicles, Automotive, Medical Devices or Aerospace Technologies
Experience with software engineering concepts, including requirements analysis, source control, build processes, design reviews
Experience with Linux and scripting languages (E.g: BashShell, Python)
Experience using issue tracking and configuration management tools (E.g: Atlassian Confluence, Jira, Bitbucket, Git)
Demonstrated problem solving skills and ability to think logically and remove bias from evaluation of problems
Strong troubleshooting, debugging, and analytical and creative problem solving skills

Bonus Points (not required)

Experience with systems verification and validation techniques
Experience with automotive standards (E.g: ISO 12207, ISO 26262, ISO 21448)
Experience with software quality management and assurance activities (E.g: IATF 16949, ISO 9001)
Thorough understanding of robotics systems including sensors, actuators, mechatronics and software systems
Work in cross collaboration teams to address problems and find solutions

If you dont meet 100 of the qualifications outlined above - thats okay! We encourage you to apply if youthink this is a role that would make you excited to come into work every day and that you can deliver theresults we need.
Why you should join us:

Contribute to the success of a leading AV company at a pivotal time for the industry
Shape the narrative and public understanding of the benefits and limitations of self-driving technology
Be part of an energetic and supportive team that encourages professional development

Working Conditions:

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to convey and detect communication
The employee is occasionally required to remain stationary at times for up to 50 of working time; operate power tools, move in designated working areas;  operate and use office equipment
The employee must occasionally move up to 50 pounds

Working Environment
The work environment characteristics described here represent those a team member encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The team member is regularly exposed to mechanical and computer parts. The team member is occasionally exposed to fumes andor airborne particles. The noise level in the environment is low to moderate. The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range82,900—135,500 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.