Were looking for a Senior Engineer to design and develop Motionals Remote Vehicle Assistance embedded system. Remote Vehicle Assistance (RVA) project main goal is to overcome gaps in AVs Operation Design Domain to allow expanded operations using a remote human operator. This involves overriding onboard AV systems (perception, planner and control), and transmitting low latency sensor and semantic data out of the vehicle.
What Youll Be Doing:

Develop the operating system for RVA components
Develop low latency video encoding applications
Support software controlled firmware updates
Develop a low latency network communication stack
Interface with embedded modems and microcontrollers
Implement embedded security systems (secure boot, certificate storage, etc)
Collaborate with C applications and UI engineers to use the embedded data streams and hardware decoders off vehicle
Collaborate with component and hardware engineers on the development of future embedded systems

What Were Looking For:

Bachelor of Science or higher in computer science or related fields with 5 years of professional work experience as an embeddedfirmware engineer.
Proficient in C and C 
Experience building custom linux images
Experience configuring the linux networking stack
Experience working on ARM SOCs
Experience working with hardware accelerated video encoding
Experience with UDP network communication stacks
Experience with Modem management (AT commands, network registration, etc)

Bonus Points (not required):

Experience with Modern C ( 111417 or later)
Experience using gstreamer
Experience with Modem management and CAN
Experience with AutoSAR and RTOS
Experience using Yocto and Buildroot specifically
Experience working with Python
Motional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.