Engineer - Validation Team (Las Vegas, NV). Work with systems and development teams for autonomous vehicle (AV) system requirements and design documentation. Develop comprehensive test procedures to fully verify and validated requirements, operational design domain (ODD), and design documentation using automotive interfaces. Engage vehicles on local test track and execute validation testing for AVADAS systems involving perception, navigation, and safety. Coordinate setup, configuration, and maintenance for advanced AV test equipment for closed-course testing. Author detailed test plans, test procedures, test cases, and validation reports.
Requires Bachelors degree in electronics or electrical engineering, and at least two years of industry experience in automotive advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS), test plan development, execution and reporting, automotive testing verification and validation, ground truth measurement systems, unit and bench testing, system performance testing for environmental comparisons, Vector CAN tools (CANalyzer, CANoe, CANape), Matlab, C, and Python. Mail resumes to: Motional AD Inc., Attn: Jean Curley, 100 Northern Ave, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02210. Ref N134.
 Motional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.