On our Perception and Prediction team, you have the opportunity to work with world-class ML engineers and research scientists, whose mission is to make self-driving vehicles a reality and to create positive social impact. Our team works on the tech stack responsible for perceiving the dynamic scenarios and predicting the future behavior of agents around our robo-taxi. We are looking for engineers who are passionate about Level 5 autonomous driving, excited by intellectual challenges,  and interested in pursuing career growth with a fast growing company.What Youll Do

Develop clean and extensible C software for the perception and prediction modules that sit at the core of autonomous driving systems and interface with all other key modules such as sensors, localization, and planning
Collaborate with deep learning experts in perception and prediction to port  Python model implementations to run in the production C stack.
Optimize the utilization of GPU resources and sharing of GPU access across multiple programs running on the same system
Apply deep software development expertise to teach others better software practices and principles

 What Were Looking For

Bachelors degree or higher in Computer Science or relevant field.
4 years of software development experience
Proficiency in C (i.e. C11 and beyond) 
Experience in TensorRT and porting deep learning algorithms from Python to C
Experience in software performance benchmarking, profiling, and optimization
Experience with multi-threaded programming
Strong problem-solving skills and desire to learn
Strong communication and interpersonal skills

Bonus Points

Experience in designing, developing, and optimizing CUDA code for deployment to GPU architecture
Experience with Pytorch
Experience with advanced TensorRT topics, such as low-precision inference, quantization, and custom plugins

Working Conditions

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to convey and detect communication
The employee occasionally required to remain stationary at times for up to 50 of working time, move in designated working areas;  operate and use office equipment
The employee may occasionally move up to 50 pounds
The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range136,500—225,000 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.