About this positionWe are seeking a talented Senior Backend Software Engineer to help develop and roll out the next generation of our advanced tools to support autonomous driving. We are building a suite of fleet management products to enable the successful operation of our Autonomous Vehicles at scale. The core of the Real Time Infrastructure (RTI) platform is built around our real-time data pipeline which enables our AVs to communicate with our cloud services. Our team develops products such as real-time monitoring platform for the AV fleet, vehicle software update services, and integrations with ride hailing partners.What Youll Be Doing

Design, build and maintain our cloud platform and services
Hands-on implementation of key components within the system
Monitor and support the production system, while actively troubleshooting and resolving issues.
Assist with high-level analysis, design, and code reviews
Engage with stakeholders and other team leads to identify system requirements
Manage product delivery timelines through the software development lifecycle (SDLC) of the projects
Implement and maintain best practices for software development, including mentoring junior engineers.

What Were Looking For

5 years of professional work experience as a software engineer in designing and building distributed systems
Experience with Amazon Web Services, Docker, and Terraform
Experience building systems using SQL and NoSQL databases
Strong technical, analytical, and communication skills
Adaptability in a dynamic and fast-paced environment
MS, BS or BA in Computer Science  Engineering

Bonus Points (not required)

Experience with Serverless and IoT infrastructure
Experience with Python  Golang
Experience with JavaScript  React  Redux

 Motional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.