
On our Motion Planning team, youll apply your passion in robotics and software development for production-ready autonomous vehicles. In this role youll perform research, develop algorithms, and build software to generate safe, comfortable, and intuitive routes and motions.
Role responsibilities:

Develop a variety of algorithms on planning for autonomous driving, including but not limited to search-based methods, sampling-based methods, optimization-based methods, linear-temporal logic, and decision making under uncertainty.
Integrate and evaluate combinations of motion planning and prediction algorithms
Design and build robust and scalable codebase that enables rapid exploration and evaluation of different motion planning approaches and algorithms. 
Interface with perception and prediction components upstream and trajectory optimization and tracking  control components downstream
Use your deep software development expertise to teach others better software practices and principles.  
Guide and mentor junior team members to develop a culture of product focused engineering, research, and development.

What were looking for:

Bachelors, Masters, or PhD degree preferred in Robotics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related field
3 years of research experience in robotics  motion planning
3 years of C software development
Past experience owning and leading technical development on features from problem formulation through implementation and deployment
Thirst for knowledge and continuous innovation

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more. Salary Range168,000—225,000 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.