Mission Summary
The AV Test Operations Managers create best practices and protocols for vehicle operators to abide by with assistance from the AV Test Supervisors. They are the second point of contact for vehicle operators when issues arise if they cannot be resolved by the Supervisors first or require a Managers input. After coordinating with multiple departments, such as engineering, LD, PMO, and safety, Operations Managers determine what resources are necessary to conduct operations efficiently. They manage and approve time-off requests for team members while ensuring there is no impact on operations. They supervise the daily performance of Supervisors, including coaching, addressing issues, and disciplining in alignment with company policies and standards. They will conduct bi-weekly one on ones with Supervisors and bi-annual and annual performance reviews to ensure effective coaching is in place for Supervisors growth and development.
What youll be doing:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions. The requirements below represent the required knowledge, skill, andor ability.                                                                  

VO Scheduling and Vehicle Dispatching (as a backup to the Supervisors)
Long-term planning and strategy, 6-12 months in advance
Conduct bi-weekly performance management check-ins with supervisors
Review and investigate dash camera footage when necessary
Gather and track information regarding operations             
Conduct Performance Reviews for Operations Supervisors
Manage and enforce Performance and Attendance policies
Lead group projects
Reviewcorrect punch times (as a backup to the Supervisors)
Approve and manage time-off requests (as a backup to the Supervisors)
Provide job coaching for operators and Supervisors          
Interview and select candidates for open positions reporting to this department
Able to travel domestically up to 25 of the time
Must have shift flexibility, be on-call
Able to transport employees to Concentra and drive company vehicles
Other duties as assigned

What were looking for:

3 years of prior management experience
2 years of AV industry experience
Excellent knowledge of Microsoft OfficeG-Suite Applications
Excellent time management skills
Strong verbal and written communication skills; public speaking, giving presentations
Able to work in a fast-paced environment and meet short deadlines
Ability to adapt to a changing environment and handle multiple priorities
Must have a valid drivers license for the state they will be working in

Bonus points (not required):

Data analytics experience 
Coachingmentoring
JiraConfluence experience

Physical Demands
The employee is regularly required to see, sit, talk, or hear; frequently required to use repetitive hand motion, handle or feel, and to stand, walk, reach, bend or lift up to 50 pounds. 
Working Environment
The incumbent typically works in an office environment and uses a computer, telephone, and other office equipment as needed to perform duties. The noise level in the work environment is typical of that of an office. Incumbents may encounter frequent interruptions throughout the workday. While performing the duties of this job, the team member is occasionally exposed to outside weather conditions, road conditions, and pedestrian traffic. The team member is regularly exposed to mechanical and computer parts. The team member is occasionally exposed to fumes andor airborne particles. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions.
 The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range82,000—106,700 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.