Mission Summary
Motionals autonomous vehicles collect petabytes of data on the road every day. The Semantic Search Team manages data infrastructure, processing, and visualization for Motionals machine learning data. Our team also provides a scenario mining framework that other teams in Autonomy use to mine for complex and rare scenarios to improve our ML training model and av-stack performance.
As our data continues to grow, our team is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to design scalable data processing infrastructure and improve the efficiency of the data architecture and scenario mining framework for the entire Autonomy organization.
The Motional Pittsburgh office is located in the new Hazelwood Green development, a culmination of the citys goal of restoring an economic driver to the neighborhood in a thoughtful, inclusive, and sustainable way. With views along the Monongahela river, the Pittsburgh office is in the heart of this new state of the art development.
What Youll Be Doing

Build a text-to-image search engine for improved data discovery and data annotation
Design and implement new data pipelines for other Autonomy teams
Migrate the existing scenario mining framework to Apache Spark
Scale the existing Semantic Search data infrastructure and data pipelines

What Were Looking For

Strong experience in large-scale data processing with Apache Spark
Strong coding experience with Python or Scala
Solid experience in developing data pipelines with Apache Airflow 
Solid experience in AWSCloud (e.g., API Gateway, EKS, Lambda, OpenSearch, Redshift, S3)
Experience interacting with REST APIs and microservices
Ability to mentor junior engineers
Ability to communicate clearly to non-domain experts about potentially complex behaviors

Bonus Points (not required)

Web backend experience with C .Net
Autonomous Vehicle experience

Why you should join us:

Opportunity to build impactful products across the organization
Help shape technical roadmaps
Be part of a rapidly growing team that interfaces with many branches of the organization

 The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range159,000—207,000 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.