On our Perception and Prediction team, you have the opportunity to work with world-class ML engineers and research scientists, whose mission is to make self-driving vehicles a reality and to create positive social impact. Our team works on the tech stack responsible for perceiving the dynamic scenarios and predicting the future behavior of agents around our robo-taxi. We are looking for engineers who are passionate about Level 5 autonomous driving, excited by intellectual challenges,  and interested in pursuing career growth with a fast growing company.
What Youll Be Doing:  
You drive project level impact to make our autonomous vehicles operate at superhuman capabilities for comfortable, safe driving. On a daily basis, you will:

Helps define and influence the direction of the team based on technology and business needs
Connect and drive project level impact through technology solutions 
Formulate problems, architect solutions, and design processes
Prototype, evaluate, implement, and iterate on solutions
Familiar with state of the art solutions and systems for autonomous vehicles
Productionize and deploy solutions onto autonomous vehicle fleets
Collaborate with other team members and grow junior engineers  

What Were Looking For: 

Masters or PhD in Machine Learning, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Physics or a related field; or equivalent industry experience
In-depth understanding of common Machine Learning and Deep Learning algorithms
Experience designing, training, and analyzing neural networks for at least one of the following applications: object detection, semanticinstance segmentation, visual classification, motiongesture recognition, sensor fusion, multitask learning, motion prediction, andor multi-object tracking
Strong track record of tackling less well-defined problems, and executing efficiently to deliver the successful outcome
Advanced knowledge of software engineering principles including software design, source control management, build processes, code reviews, testing methods 
Fluency in Python, including standard scientific computing libraries and Python bindings development experience
Experience with PyTorch or other deep learning frameworks
Experience working with large data sets and deriving insights from data
Experience mentoring and collaborating with others

Bonus Points 

Proven track record of publications in relevant conferences (CVPR, ICML, NeurIPS, ICCV, ICL, etc.)
PhD in machine learning, computer vision, or robotics vision
Experience working on autonomous vehicles, or related fields
Experience in deploying models into real-world environments
Strong programming skills in C andor CUDA programming

 This opportunity can support remote work within the United States, with occasional travel. 
Working Conditions

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to convey and detect communication
The employee occasionally required to remain stationary at times for up to 50 of working time, move in designated working areas;  operate and use office equipment
The employee may occasionally move up to 50 pounds
The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range136,500—225,000 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.