Mission Summary:
The Senior Automated Driving Systems Application Engineer will be responsible for creation, compilation, and management of all requirements for a specific AMoD application. This includes specifically creation of Operational Envelope Specification, creation and management of UseCases (database), management of legal requirements as well as all other related systems requirements.
What youll be doing:

Manage global UseCase database for AMoD System
Define product UseCases
Define and manage system requirements for AMoD Application(s) (functional, maintenance, and service) using Polarion
Coordinate with other teams to ensure UseCases and requirements are consistent with stakeholder expectations and technological feasibility
Support defining of test cases for development testing, verification, and validation

What were looking for: 

MS degree in engineering, physics, or relevant equivalent experience
Strong systems engineering experience
Cross-functional knowledge of Systems Engineering, Electronic, Software, and Mechanical Engineering, and Vehicle Integration
Ability to understand, decompose, and write formal requirements
Ability to understand and manage projects to a product schedule
Self-motivated, organized, flexible, and able to balance and prioritize multiple diverse tasks
Comfortable working with other teams having diverse perspectives
Strong interest in next-generation automated driving technologies (including hands-on evaluation)

Bonus Points (not required):

Good knowledge of common vehicle electrical and networking systems (CAN, LIN, Ethernet, etc)
Experience using requirements management tools
Experience working with Operational Design Domains
Knowledge of automotive industry standards and technical language 
Experience analyzing vehicle data logs
Experience using OpenScenarioOpenDrive files
Experience creating and maintaining databases

Why you should join us: 
Our team is commercializing a world-class driverless system. The Motional team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward in the last decade, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds most-established public robotaxi fleet. Strategically formed by Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives.  We value diversity, equity, and inclusion and provide a supportive work environment that prioritizes collaboration, communication, and creativity. Our team members are committed to delivering high-quality results that make a real difference in the world. If you are passionate about the future of autonomous vehicles and want to work with a team of talented and motivated professionals, we encourage you to apply to join our team.  Additionally, we offer excellent benefits to include generous medical plans, wellness benefits, unlimited PTO, 401k and equity, to name a few.
Working conditions:

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to convey and detect communication
The employee occasionally required to remain stationary at times for up to 50 of working time, move in designated working areas;  operate and use office equipment
The employee may occasionally move up to 50 pounds

This position can support remote work within the United States, and may require occasional travel.  
 
 The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more. Salary Range159,000—207,000 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.