Mission Summary
The Onboard Data Management and Monitoring team is building Motionals next-gen onboard communications, data capture, and safety monitoring systems. We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer that will help shape the technical vision, design, and implementation for our infrastructure, enabling high performance autonomy components to reliably and safely operate on our vehicles at fleet-scale.
As a Senior Software Engineer in the logging systems group, you will work with the team to design and implement the infrastructure for the next generation of on-vehicle logging. You will have direct contributions ensuring the performance, repeatability, reliability, and testability of the entire data logging pipeline from data origination onboard to data retrieval off board. This infrastructure interacts directly with our simulation, performance tracking, metrics, and event analysis tooling. This is a unique opportunity to have an impact on mission critical software that must operate efficiently and reliably in a constrained compute environment. You will also work with off board teams to help them tackle the challenges of managing big data in the cloud and with autonomy teams to help ensure their data logging needs are fulfilled.
The Motional Pittsburgh office is located in the new Hazelwood Green development, a culmination of the citys goal of restoring an economic driver to the neighborhood in a thoughtful, inclusive, and sustainable way. With views along the Monongahela river, the Pittsburgh office is in the heart of this new state of the art development.
What youll be doing:

Youll use your expertise and experience to build the future of our high-performance on-vehicle logging infrastructure
Design, plan and implement Python and C APIs to access the logs for analysis and playback
Work with smart and motivated teammates in a fast-paced, collaborative environment
Work with teams across the organization to gather requirements and set priorities
Work across the organization to set priorities and accomplish Motionals goal of offering a world-class robotaxi, built for everyone

What were looking for:

You have strong programming skills with C and Python
You are passionate and opinionated about building robust software
You care about holding yourself and your teammates to a high standard of development
You are an excellent communicator and can present complicated technical concepts in an understandable way

Bonus points (not required):

Development experience with C17 and later
Experience with Linux 

If you dont meet 100 of the qualifications outlined above - thats okay! We encourage you to apply if you think this is a role that would make you excited to come into work every day and that you can deliver the results we need.
Why you should join us:We are building out a specialized and focused team to build the next generation of our on-vehicle platform infrastructure and youll be a part of setting the vision and direction for it.The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range159,000—207,000 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.