Mission Summary:
The Release Operations Engineer is a cross-team integration role on the AV Performance Analysis (Triage) team under the COO organization to deliver capabilities in support of maintaining a high level of system quality and vehicle behavior for our autonomous driving technology. Experience with system and sub-system level verification, release management, regression analysis methodologies, systems and safety product lifecycles with cross-team collaboration across software, testing and project management groups is a must. Different from a traditional Software Quality Assurance (SQA) role, this position uniquely cross-cuts across testing and operations functions on the right half of the systems V-model and software development, systems and safety engineering functions on the left half of the V-model.
What youll be doing: 

Execute on cross-team Triage integration responsibilities, such as reporting on the release performance to the algorithm engineering groups and objectively evaluating the impact of software changes on the vehicle performance
Drive the day-to-day software release performance narrative. Identify performance regressions and coordinate with Test, Operations, Safety, Engineering teams for an expedited resolution
Facilitate cross functional engagement for high impact issues identified during the software release lifecycle; including process, technical and operational problems.
Support coordination, analysis of corrective and continuous regression testing across multiple concurrent software branches. Additionally contribute to building engineering post mortems on organizational blockers for leadership visibility.
Understand and optimize cross-functional release processes to reduce the risk of major code bugs being hidden in formal software releases
Consistently develop software release report-cards, weekly summaries while outbriefing such content to cross functional senior management and Triage stakeholders
Develop documentation such as software release reports and outbrief content to the Triage external stakeholders
Partner closely with the engineering and operational teams on integrating Motionals commercial missions into the end-to-end Triage pipeline
Perform detailed Root Cause Analysis (RCA), Fault Tree Assessment (FTA), Failure Mode Effect Analysis (FMEA) on several different test modalities such as -- public roads, closed course, simulation and Hardware-in-Loop (HIL)
Cultivate and maintain rapport with the software development teams to encourage rapid and iterative feedback loops
Develop and maintain core internal documentation like process training and lessons learned register to support Triage team
Other duties as assigned, such as visiting track for new test case execution or supporting analysis of adhoc priority testing with commercial partners

What were looking for:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The requirements listed below are representative of knowledge, skill andor ability required.

Bachelors or higher degree in Engineering such as Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, Robotics highly preferred; or equivalent  work experience
Experience with software release or configuration management in a robotics or a similar field
Experience with Linux and scripting languages (E.g: BashShell, Python)
Experience using issue tracking and configuration management tools (E.g: Atlassian Confluence, Jira, Bitbucket, Gitlab)
Demonstrated problem solving skills and ability to think logically and remove bias from evaluation of problems
Strong troubleshooting, debugging, and analytical and creative problem solving skills

Bonus Points (not required):

Experience with formal regression evaluation and techniques 
Experience with SQL, Excel, and Google Sheets
Experience integrating new software capabilities 
Experience with automotive standards (E.g: ISO 12207, ISO 26262, ISO 21448)
Experience with software quality management and assurance activities (E.g: IATF 16949, ISO 9001)
Thorough understanding of robotics systems including sensors, actuators, mechatronics and software systems
Work in cross collaboration teams to address problems and find solutions

If you dont meet 100 of the qualifications outlined above - thats okay! We encourage you to apply if youthink this is a role that would make you excited to come into work every day and that you can deliver theresults we need.
Why you should join us:

Contribute to the success of a leading AV company at a pivotal time for the industry
Shape the narrative and public understanding of the benefits and limitations of self-driving technology
Be part of an energetic and supportive team that encourages professional development

Physical Demands: 
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit, talk, or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand and at times for long periods; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and move up to 50 pounds.
Travel Requirements (Less than 10): Expected to travel less than 1 week each quarter to our testing sites, mostly to Las Vegas
Working Environment:
The work environment characteristics described here represent those a team member encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The team member is regularly exposed to mechanical and computer parts. The team member is occasionally exposed to fumes andor airborne particles. The noise level in the environment is low to moderate. The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range82,900—135,500 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.