
The Embedded Software Controls team delivers robust high performance software on real-time embedded compute platform. Supporting different vehicle platforms provided by OEMs, embedded controller hardware bring up, and safety features. Including system health monitoring, backup strategy when failure happens, redundant system design to meet ASIL-D standards for autonomous driving at scale.  Motional builds state-of-the-art fully autonomous vehicles, encompassing software, hardware, vehicle, and cloud solutions for cars. We specialize in robo-taxis for passenger rides and goods delivery, currently operating in Las Vegas.
Role responsibilities:

Leads and grows an Embedded Software team to deliver autonomous driving vehicle control systems from design, prototyping, testing, deployment, to production.
Provide technical leadership to make consequential decisions on architectural direction, strategic investments, tactical execution, and technical debt reduction.
Oversees the development and optimization of critical platform control components such as body control, sensor cleaning, temperature control, and vehicle monitoring.
Identifies and reviews technical requirements in collaboration with partnering teams, such as Systems Engineering and Safety, to drive completion of features and projects.
Leads from a strong technical background in embedded software engineering best practices.
Coordinate with Motional partners and suppliers for the purpose of vehicle platform bring up and next generation platform design.
Mentors, provides feedback (technical and professional) to team members, and collaborates with project managers to roadmap and execute plans on schedule.
Understands and explains trade-offs and complex concepts to peers and leaders to drive decision-making.
Self-motivation to generate new ideas, and provide a vision for the team and our system.

What were looking for:

Experience leading a team of 5 Engineers in a value-driven organization
8 years of experience implementing vehicle controllers utilizing both classical and modern control theory.
Masters or PhD in Robotics, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related field..
Expertise in Embedded C development and C within a large codebase.
Experience successfully launching a new product into the commercial market.
Preference for candidates with an understanding of linear and nonlinear control theory (MPC, LQR, PID, etc.), kinematics, and mechanical system dynamics.
Experience in the designing, implementing, and tuning real-time trajectory tracking controllers for vehicle control.
Experience with vehicle control algorithms in autonomous vehicles, including both on-road and simulation testing.
Experience in implementing, using, and debugging high-fidelity dynamical simulators
Experience in system identification and model development using machine learning methods.
Familiarity with the AUTOSAR development environment
Familiarity with Vector tools such as CANalyzer, CANape, CANoe.
Familiarity with Automotive SPICE, MISRA C, ASIL-B  D and ISO 26262 requirements.

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range200,000—266,500 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.