We are seeking talented Backend Software Engineers to help develop and roll out the next generation of our advanced tools to support autonomous driving.
We are building services and pipelines that generate, enrich, and host map data. We ensure that all other systems in the company that require map data have a reliable source. We support the evolving map data needs of our researchers and engineers.
Things youll get to work on:

Support full software development life cycle
Design, plan, and implement future improvements of the mapping data pipeline for scalability
Be a resource and guide to less experienced staff or to those with other specialties
Write high-quality, idiomatic, and maintainable code

Education and Experience we want from you:

BS or MS in Computer Science or a related field
5 years of relevant experience with RESTful service development
Proficiency with Python and in writing idiomatic Python code
Experience with Amazon Web Services, Docker, and Terraform
Experience with Test Driven Development and writing testable code
Good knowledge of a particular development ecosystem, such as developing modules, publishing packages, and using various dev tools (linting, code analysis)
Familiarity with Serverless Architectures

Bonus points for:

Knowledge of geospatial data, libraries, and tools
Knowledge of C or Java and OOP principles
Good understanding of functionalreactive paradigms

 Motional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.