Mission Summary:
We are looking to add a talented Senior Sensor Simulation Engineer to our Advanced Technology team. You will help simulate and build state-of-the-art sensor suites to empower machine learning models for planning, decision making, and motion prediction. As a software engineer, you will help design and simulate advanced sensors that drive our car, as well as related metrics, visualization, and data infrastructure. Your software engineering and data analytics experience will inform your pragmatic approach to making a more intelligent autonomous vehicle. 
The purpose of the Advanced Technology team is to develop sensor suites and pipeline control and processing algorithms that advance the state of the art in Perception, Prediction and Motion Planning, giving guidance to the Autonomy team on new directions to explore to achieve step changes in performance.
What youll be doing: 

Lead development of the sensor simulation for our current and next generation systems 
Develop methods to calibrate simulations to actual sensors and Machine Learning performance
Develop methods to derive ODD performance from simulated sensor and sensor suite performance
Enable sensor simulation to drive Deep Learning on our next-generation platform
Develop codebase for efficient simulation, calibration, training and testing pipelines
Define and implement interactive visualization of simulation results to determine what this means
Write reports and file patents

What were looking for: 

MS in computer science, engineering, or applied math with 10 years practical experience in sensors, data science, modeling, statistics, and analysis of large data sets
In-depth understanding of common sensors (vision, lidar, radar, ultrasonic), their performances, simulation methods, and use in AV systems
Expert in developing software architectures for simulation, data processing, and visualization
Understanding of common Machine Learning and Deep Learning algorithms (e.g. for classification, regression, and clustering)
Experience designing, training, and analyzing neural networks for at least one of the following applications: object detection, image segmentation, sensor fusion, multitask learning, motion prediction, andor tracking
Advanced knowledge of software engineering principles including software design, source control management, build processes, code reviews, testing methods
Fluency in Python and C, including standard scientific computing libraries and Python bindings development experience
Experience working with large data sets

Bonus points: 

Experience reviewing AV  ADAS vehicle logs to understand sensor impairments that challenge the autonomous system performance
Experience with PyTorch or other deep learning frameworks
A background in robotics, particularly self-driving, whether on- or off-road

Why you should join us: 

Opportunity to contribute across multiple disciplines: sensor hardware, sensor software, perception, prediction, planning
Design and implement the system the right way
Speaking opportunities are encouraged and supported

Our team is commercializing a world-class driverless system. The Motional team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward in the last decade, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds most-established public robotaxi fleet. Strategically formed by Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives.
We value diversity, equity, and inclusion and provide a supportive work environment that prioritizes collaboration, communication, and creativity. Our team members are committed to delivering high-quality results that make a real difference in the world. If you are passionate about the future of autonomous vehicles and want to work with a team of talented and motivated professionals, we encourage you to apply to join team.  Additionally, we offer excellent benefits to include generous medical plans, wellness benefits, unlimited PTO, 401k and equity, to name a few.
Work environment: 
This position can support remote work within the United States only. 

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to convey and detect communication
The employee occasionally required to remain stationary at times for up to 50 of working time, move in designated working areas;  operate and use office equipment
The employee may occasionally move up to 50 pounds
The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range168,000—225,000 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.