Motional builds state-of-the-art fully autonomous vehicles. Our Embedded Real-time Platform team delivers robust, high performance software on a real-time vehicle-integrated compute platform. The team takes care of supporting different vehicle platforms provided by OEMs, embedded controller hardware bring-up, and safety feature implementation. This includes system health monitoring, backup strategy when failure happens, and redundant system design to meet ASIL-D standards for autonomous driving at scale. Motional specializes in providing robo-taxis for passenger rides and goods delivery, currently operating in Las Vegas and planning to scale to LA soon.
Role responsibilities:

Lead and grow an Embedded Software team to deliver embedded software from design, prototyping, testing, deployment, to production for autonomous driving vehicles.
Provide technical leadership to make consequential decisions on architectural direction, strategic investments, tactical execution, and technical debt reduction.
Oversee the development and optimization of critical platform control and monitoring components, such as body control, sensor cleaning, temperature control, and vehicle component monitoring.
Identify and review technical requirements in collaboration with partnering teams, such as Systems Engineering and Safety, to drive completion of features and projects.
Lead from a strong technical background in embedded software engineering best practices.
Coordinate with Motional partners and suppliers for the purpose of vehicle platform bring-up and next-generation platform design.
Mentor, provides feedback (technical and professional) to team members, and collaborate with project managers to roadmap and execute plans on schedule.
Understand and explain trade-offs and complex concepts to peers and leaders to drive decision-making.
Self-motivation to generate new ideas and provide a vision for the team and our system.
Utilize your experience in personnel leadership to help the group stay engaged, evolve, and adapt to meet new challenges across the organization

What were looking for:
Leadership:

Experience leading a team of 3 high-performing embedded software engineers
5 years of experience architecting and implementing real-time embedded software, preferably in the automotive space
Ability to balance and prioritize feature development and system improvements based on organizational needs and goals
Excitement about empowering and growing the capabilities of your engineering team.

Education: 

Masters or PhD in Robotics, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related field.

Technical:

Expertise in Embedded C development working with large code bases.
Experience successfully launching a new product into the commercial market.
Experience with real-time operating systems
Experience with safety-critical systems and functional safety
Familiarity with the AUTOSAR development environment
Familiarity with Vector tools such as CANalyzer, CANape, CANoe.
Familiarity with Automotive SPICE, MISRA C, ASIL-B  D and ISO 26262 requirements.
You are passionate about developing robust, reliable, and high-quality embedded software
Bonus: C expertise
The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more. Salary Range200,000—225,000 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.