The Head of Safety will be responsible for reinforcing and strengthening Motionals Safety as our Bedrock core value across our operations, products, and development lifecycles. Reporting to Motionals Chief Operating Officer , you will lead the safety organization, strategy, and road map necessary for Motional to achieve short and long-term business goals. In this role, you will be responsible for the development, implementation, and oversight of comprehensive safety programs, practices, and guidelines to ensure compliance with safety regulations, safety standards, and best practices.You will build and oversee a high-performing safety organization that effectively coordinates all safety efforts and promote a strong safety culture across the company. 
What Youll Be Doing

Lead two teams: Engineering Safety and  EHS
Develop high-performing teams that embed the highest safety and compliance standards across our products and development.
Provide direction and oversight of team members day-to-day responsibilities; provide coaching and mentorship to help them develop and advance their careers.
Improve upon Motionals overall safety strategy and promote a culture of safety.
Evaluate, develop, and implement policies, standards, and practices to support product safety and compliance.
Participate in the development and enforcement  of our system safety management plan.
Closely collaborate with engineering, product, and operations in implementing the product safety case and Company safety management systems to our standards.
Oversee internal safety concern reporting and incident investigation processes. 
Lead Motionals Safety Review Board (SRB) meetings, the internal executive body that oversees strategic safety initiatives. 
Provide product safety expertise as well as strategic and proactive safety input into development plans.
Identify and implement proactive safety analysis strategies to further define the safety profile.
Represent the safety position in cross-functional teams.
Provide leadership and directions for significant deviation events that may impact compliance status or significant business risk.
Develop risk management strategies and plans and monitor effectiveness.
Work with Government Relations and Compliance teams to monitor international, federal, state, and local regulations and laws, making recommendations for necessary changes to achieve compliance.
Monitor adherence to policies through developing and overseeing the Companys auditing of its safety policies and procedures, as well as its adherence to applicable laws and regulations while maintaining an understanding of federal, state and local laws, and government regulations that pertain to the Companys safety practices.
Represent Motional externally as the spokesperson on safety topics.
Work with Motionals partners and customers on safety audits, assessments, and develop corresponding plans that involve cross-functional contributions.
Work with outside consultants to pressure-test our safety plans and processes.

What Were Looking For

Proven leader with 8 years experience in developing, implementing, advising, andor managing safety programs and teams.
Recent experience in the AV industry andor L2L3 launches required. 
Expertise managing Safety Engineering is required
Familiarity with relevant standards and regulations (ex. ISO 26262, ISO 21448, ISO 21434, IEC 61508, MIL-STD-882, DO-178, MISRA, AUTOSAR, NIST, FMVSS, etc.).
Demonstrated commitment to safety, with the ability to identify and act upon safety improvement opportunities.
Effective leader and strong negotiator with safety professionals, regulatory, andor industry organizations.
Experience that demonstrates professional communication skills with the ability to develop correspondence and reports, create and deliver presentations, and interact effectively with diverse clientele.
Ability to manage complex internal and external relationships to drive business results.
Experience leading a mid- to- large- sized team.
Must be flexible and adaptable to new and changing policies, practices, and environments.
Exhibits a high degree of technical credibility and communicates highly technical information in an easily understandable way.
Ability to perform with a high level of discretion, professionalism, and integrity.
Bachelors degree in engineering or related discipline. Advanced degree in related field preferred.
Ability to travel internationally and within the US.

Why You Should Join Us

Lead safety for a company that embeds safety across all functions with precision and rigor.
We are the first AV organization to pass a 3rd party assessment.
You will have an impact on Motional becoming a commercial organization.
Opportunity to build and shape your own organization.
Serve as the subject matter expert that guides the leadership team on all safety-related issues.
The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range300,000—340,000 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.