The Vice President of Test Engineering  Fleet Operations is the senior leader responsible for establishing, managing, and communicating all aspects of Motionals Autonomous Vehicle (AV) testing, commercial fleet operations, and fleet management and logistics. The Vice President of Test  Fleet Operations is responsible for ensuring development and implementation of efficient operations and cost-effective systems to meet current and future needs of the organization through fiscal responsibility, providing quality service to customers and other stakeholders, and leading culture to ensure the delivery of a safe, reliable and accessible AV Fleet. 
This position must travel 50 to our commercial launch site in Vegas.  Other travel 10
What Youll Be Doing:
Test Engineering  Operations

Lead a team of technical engineers and operations directors responsible for the design and implementation of Test Engineering  Operations for both process and product performance
Ownership of Motionals Driverless Test Team processes, deliverables, and reporting, both technical and non-technical in support of OKRs and milestones
Report on test team operational health metrics to program management and executive teams; strive for continuous improvement in operational excellence
Define and prioritize detailed test plans that align to key objectives in the various phases of Motionals product development process
Grow the capabilities of the group and champion both transformation and continual improvement in test tools  practices to gain efficiency and relentlessly improve to scale
Build and maintain relationships with key technical leaders in the organization spanning various engineering teams
Define opportunities to increase efficiency in the execution of missions and overall vehicle operations
Lead feedback to cross-functional teams to improve SW, system design, and safety processes
Provide support and guidance for vehicle operator Team Leads in managing large teams of operators and a contingent labor force

Commercial Fleet Management

Executes long-term and short-term fleet plans by being responsible for the strategic planning, allocation, and distribution of assets across the business centers based on operational needs of each operating area.
Create, monitor, and report on operating KPIs and metrics to measure operational efficiency and adjust strategy, as necessary
Provide business insight into areas of success and improvement, and help translate for our executive leadership key underlying drivers of business performance
Partner cross-functionally with leadership and engineering teams to help solve operational problems by using data and analytics and measure on-going business performance through the creation and reporting of operational KPIs
 Identify, develop, and implement standardization of fleet processes, systems, and the implementation of cost mitigation strategies
Establishes, communicates, and implements operations-related policies, practices, standards, and safety measures to ensure effective and consistent support and execution.
Analyze maintenance processes, make recommendations for action needed and implement procedures to ensure optimal and consistent performance across divisions providing maintenance support.

Leadership
Collaborates with executive leadership to develop and meet company goals while supplying expertise and guidance on operations projects and systems.

Identifies, recommends, and implements new processes, technologies, and systems to improve and streamline organizational processes and use of resources and materials.
Presents periodic performance reports and metrics to the Chief Operating Officer and other senior executives.
Maintains knowledge of emerging technologies and trends in operations management and the AV industry.
Identifies development needs and works with appropriate departments and business partners to ensure proper training is developed and provided.
Leads and continuously develops a high performing team that demonstrates Motionals core values

Planning and Budgeting

Collaborates with other departments and teams to carry out the organizations goals and objectives.
Develops and maintains comprehensive and detailed economic cost analyses for fleet optimization decisions.
Ensures that departmental decisions, staffing plans, project management, and all capital and operational expenses are aligned with the organizations business plan and vision.
Reviews and approves cost-control reports, cost estimates, and staffing requirements for projects.
Establishes and administers the departments budget and monthly forecast in partnership with the Finance team. 

What Were Looking For:

Large scale commercial fleet operations experience building and deploying required, with a focus on scaling service while delivering an outstanding customer experience.  
A minimum of 10 years of senior operations management with at least 5 years leading a large test engineering and fleet operations team
You will share subject matter expertise on a variety of testing methodologies relevant to our business environment and you will develop and up-level the testing skills of Motionals cross-functional agile teams.
Experience managing people in a large, globally distributed organization
Experience with automated testing tools, software development, and testing methodologies
Experience with Context-Driven testing practices and methods
Large scale commercial fleet operations experience building and deploying required, with a focus on scaling service while delivering an outstanding customer experience.  
Excellent written and verbal communication skills enabling you to successfully lead and mentor people both virtually and in-person.
Ability to develop and interpret financial goals and results.
Proven track record of leading by example, proven mentorship, positive relationship building and customer satisfaction, managing change and building culture.
Business development support initiatives and experience in commercializing a new product or service.
Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Logistics, Engineering, or other industry-related field required; MBA preferred.
Able to travel domestically and internationally at least 30 of the time

What You Bring:

A strategic, collaborative leader with great people management skills
Able to think independently and embrace delivering against deadlines with keen attention to detail and focus on innovative solutions
Able to work cross functionally through complex tasks and balance multiple projects within tight timelines
An analytical problem solver, independent, well organized, and accustomed to a fast paced environment
Able to work on a diverse team, build networks, promote collaboration, and lead by influence

Working Conditions:

While performing the duties of this job, you may frequently be required to convey and detect communication 
You are occasionally required to remain stationary at times for up to 50 of working time; operate power tools, move in designated working areas;  operate and use office equipment 
You may occasionally move up to 50 pounds
The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range280,000—325,000 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.