The Motional Technical Program Management team is seeking a talented Senior TPM to join and support our Vehicle2Cloud (V2C) team as we gear up for the launch of driverless robotaxis. This role requires strong cross-functional collaboration and program management skills, as well as expertise in real-time infrastructures, Over The Air (OTA) updates, and remote vehicle assistance. Join us at the forefront of autonomous driving technology!
What Youll Do:

Partner with cross-functional teams to develop software and hardware strategies for V2C teams including OTA, Real-Time Infrastructure and Remote Vehicle Assistance edge and front end Software teams.  
Set priorities and coordinate between V2C engineering teams and cross functional stakeholders to support the software and hardware development, manage projects through a structured product development process.
Executive level communication including regular status reporting and risk tracking for effective program management.
Work closely with the Engineering leaders, product leaders, and other technical program managers to help define roadmaps and track key organizational initiatives and OKRs.
Work with the Engineering team on their sprint and work tickets management on a daily basis.

What Were Looking For:

Minimum of 3 years experience on real time infrastructure software, android applications, OTAdata pipeline and vehicle remote assistance software
Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Robotics or a related technical field. PhD preferred. 
Strong written and oral communication skills, especially the ability to communicate complex engineering issues to a diverse global team
Strong teamwork, communication, and presentation skills
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced work environment across multiple time zones with a can-do attitude. 10 travel needed. 

Bonus Points:

PhD
Knowledge of autonomous system software and hardware including perception, sensor simulation methods, and hardware

 Motional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.