Were looking for Senior Engineer to join Motionals Remote Vehicle Assistance Edge Team.  Remote Vehicle Assistance (RVA) project main goal is to overcome gaps in AVs Operation Design Domain to allow expanded operations using a remote human operator. This involves overriding onboard AV systems (perception, planner and control), and transmitting low latency sensor and semantic data out of the vehicle.
Things youll get to work on:

Develop robust distributed components and interfaces for our performance critical systems.
Development of software components running on vehicles to enable monitoring, dispatch and controlling of vehicles from the cloud.
Software to enable Real time video and audio communication between passenger and remote operator.
Development of APIs to enhance passenger experience in an Autonomous Vehicle. E.g. Passenger facing display, cabin monitoring system, cabin ambiance control to name few.
Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders.

Education and Experience we want from you:

MS or BS in computer science or related fields.
6 years professional work experience as a software engineer using C.

Skills and traits you will likely already have:

Excellent C 11  14   development skills on Linux platforms.
Strong experience in data structure and algorithms.
Strong experience in multi-threaded programming.
Strong software design and Object Oriented Programming skills.
Familiar with Git, JIRA, confluence.

Bonus points:

Experience with ARM based embedded systems and Yocto build systems is a huge plus.
Experience with libraries like Boost  Qt or Gstreamer.
Distributed systems and middleware like DDS.
Python and Shell scripting.

Why you should join us?

Work on cutting edge technologies
Flexi Benefits 
Take as you need Annual Leave
Transport Allowance
Medical  Insurance Coverage 
Dental 
8-week Paternity Leave
Motional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.