Mission Summary: 
Motional is seeking an experienced engineering Director to help define and lead our growing subsystem analysis teams. You will oversee the Systems Engineering workstreams to gain confidence in our various in-house hardware and software subsystems, including our Autonomy stack. In this role, you will lead a team of engineers to develop appropriate requirements for each subsystem, identify hazards and failure modes, and develop tests to properly assess the performance and safety of our system. You will also be responsible for deriving and communicating the highest priority workstreams and adapting to business needs as appropriate.
What youll do: 

Build a systems engineering effort from its early stages, combining well-known processes in similar industries with new, innovative analysis techniques to grow towards a streamlined internal assessment process
Collaborate with systems engineers, development engineers, and safety engineers to ensure a uniform understanding of the highest priority systems engineering efforts to expand a system with an exceptionally high bar for safety
Adapt applicable systems engineering processes to self-driving car development, unifying the approach across several subsystems, while following relevant analysis and test methods
Regularly report to the Head of Systems Engineering and CTO on current risks and assessment progress
Hire, train, and mentor a talented set of engineers and engineering managers
Willingness to fill in high priority gaps in subsystem assessment, as necessary

What were looking for: 

A track record of success developing practical solutions in extremely technically challenging engineering disciplines, ideally from inception through product introduction
Excellent verbal and written communication skills; effective in communicating complex concepts and driving resolutions
An interest and appreciation in developing a positive culture throughout the organization
An ability to focus on MVP8020 solutions that enable current day-to-day priorities that are compatible with and contribute to a final productsolution
A strong physics and data analysis background
Experience with a rigorous systems engineering process to assess the readiness of a safety-critical software or hardware system
5 years of management experience
Experience with Vehicle, Hardware-in-the-loop, Simulation, Software-in-the-loop, Fault injection, unit, andor integration testing, including the trade offs between them
Masters degree (or equivalent experience in a related technical field
Comfortable with basic engineering tools, including navigating a filesystem with with a terminal (UNIX) and basic SQL querying capabilities

Bonus Points (not required): 

Experience developing Autonomy software
10 years management experience
UMLSysML experience
Experience working in an agile environment

Why you should join us: 

You will be part of a growing team that interfaces with many branches of the organization
We are a values-led culture, where everyone feels included, recognized and empowered to be themselves and do their best work in the way that suits them
Excellent benefits to include generous medical plans, wellness benefits, unlimited PTO, 401k and equity, to name a few

This position can support remote work within the United States.
Working conditions:

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to convey and detect communication
The employee may occasionally required to remain stationary at times for up to 50 of working time, move in designated working areas;  operate and use office equipment
The employee may occasionally move up to 50 pounds

 The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range220,500—303,375 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.