Mission Summary:
Our Advanced Technology Team is looking for an experienced Senior Optical Systems Engineer to lead the development of cutting edge imaging system metrology laboratories. The Senior Optical Systems Engineer will be responsible for defining, implementing, owning and automating optical metrology supporting the development, characterization and calibration of machine vision imaging systems, and establishing what does this mean to the AVs machine learning system.
What youll be doing: 

Develop a deep understanding of imaging sensor performance as it relates to the Machine Learning system, and AV performance 
Hands-on owner of the lab, with focus on designing, developing, and selecting instrumentation to test imaging optics, illuminations systems, and electro-optical devices
Dive deep into developing and  analyzing imaging lens optical and color models
Partner with the Autonomy team to develop Machine Learning relevant metrics for the Vision System
Hands-on developer of analysis and automation methods to ensure relevant performance learning is generated 
Utilize simulation to guide and reinforce experiential learning, and drive insight into what does this mean? 
Establish production partnerships with key vendors and OEMs
Write reports and file patents

What were looking for: 

MS Bachelors degree within Engineering (STEM) or a related field of study with 3 years of experience in optical system design, test and automation
Deep experience in electro-optical system development and performance testing. to include: MTF testers, spectrophotometers, image quality test equipment, measurement microscopes, kinematic position systems, manual and motorized translation stages, test system database integration, general lab automation
Experience with machine vision camera design, development and integration
Understands optical system and component design and construction
Strong background in simulation and test automation using, Python,  MATLAB or C
Strong background in imaging lens design in Zemax, Code V, OSLO, etc, and  mechanical CAD software
Strong knowledge of statistical analysis and gauge RR
Familiarity with quality control systems, engineering design processes and revision control
Familiarity with prototype fabrication techniques such as light machining, 3D printing, soldering, optics cleaning and polishing
Proven experience in the development and automation of optical test laboratories
Proven experience in the development of imaging lens systems

Bonus points: 

Experience reviewing AV  ADAS vehicle logs to understand sensor impairments that challenge the autonomous system performance 
A background in robotics, particularly self-driving, whether on- or off-road
Familiarity with camera calibration
Familiarity with Machine Learning systems
Expert in Python, C, MATLAB, JMP, FRED

Why you should join us: 

Opportunity to contribute across multiple disciplines (sensor hardware, sensor software, Machine Learning)
Speaking opportunities are encouraged and supported

Our team is commercializing a world-class driverless system. The Motional team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward in the last decade, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds most-established public robotaxi fleet. Strategically formed by Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives.
We value diversity, equity, and inclusion and provide a supportive work environment that prioritizes collaboration, communication, and creativity. Our team members are committed to delivering high-quality results that make a real difference in the world. If you are passionate about the future of autonomous vehicles and want to work with a team of talented and motivated professionals, we encourage you to apply to join our team.  Additionally, we offer excellent benefits to include generous medical plans, wellness benefits, unlimited PTO, 401k and equity, to name a few.
Work environment: 
The Motional Pittsburgh office is located in the new Hazelwood Green development, a culmination of the citys goal of restoring an economic driver to the neighborhood in a thoughtful, inclusive, and sustainable way. With views along the Monongahela river, the Pittsburgh office is in the heart of this new state of the art development.  

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to convey and detect communication
The employee occasionally required to remain stationary at times for up to 50 of working time, move in designated working areas;  operate and use office equipment
The employee may occasionally move up to 50 pounds
The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range168,000—225,000 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.