The Motional Technical Program Management team is seeking to hire an experienced software TPM to help drive integrated software programs. This role requires strong collaboration and management across our systems, safety, autonomy, embedded software, hardware, and testing teams in order to achieve program-level activities and milestones. We are seeking an individual who has experience in driving alignment across the organization with a heavy focus on software teams and understanding whats required to deliver a driverless robotaxi. This is a unique and exciting opportunity to be at the forefront of autonomous driving technology!
What Youll Do:

Partner deeply with engineering leaders to drive successful software program execution and team velocity across groups of software teams and across departments. Be an effective proxy in program and organizational matters to help engineering leads scale.
Ensure that the organizations technical roadmap is well understood and that programs and staffing are aligned with the roadmap.
Manage, unblock, and accelerate cross-team projects spanning multiple functional teams and cross-functional initiatives. Instill an efficient project management mindset and workflow across the teams.
Proactively identify program risks and mitigations, working with teams to develop action plans and drive escalations to bring issues to closure
Partner with engineering leaders to scope, staff, and deliver capabilities to achieve company milestones
Track and communicate the progress of the team or groups key programs. Define efficient processes for communicating group program status more broadly.
Communicate to leadership in regular forums, contribute to executive deliverables, and provide your teams analyses and recommendations in a clear and concise way that captures impact
Remove obstacles to drive clarity and progress, identify gaps in communication or schedule, manage issue escalations and provide support to teams balancing competing priorities, and drive results proactively.
Understand technical implementation at the architectural level and propose technical alternatives when necessary; ask questions that clarify priorities.

What Were Looking For:

Extensive demonstrated experience with integrating complex software (perception, planning, controls, safety critical software) onto embedded systems. 
Extensive demonstrated experience with managing various stakeholder inputs at multiple levels
Demonstrated domain expertise in the AV industry specifically with respect to OEM engagements
Demonstrated ability to coach and mentor junior team members
Minimum of 7 years experience in the robotics, autonomy, or embedded software domain areas. Knowledge of general autonomous system software and hardware including perception, simulation methods, and hardware
Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Robotics or a related technical field. 
Strong written and oral communication skills, especially the ability to communicate complex engineering issues to a diverse global team
Strong teamwork, communication, and presentation skills
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced work environment across multiple time zones with a can-do attitude. 
Ability to come into a Motional office 2-3 days a week at a minimum 

If you dont meet 100 of the qualifications outlined above - thats okay! We encourage you to apply if you think this is a role that would make you excited to come into work every day and that you can deliver the results we need.
The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range150,400—222,200 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.