Were looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join Motionals Remote Vehicle Assistance Frontend Team. Remote Vehicle Assistance (RVA) project main goal is to overcome gaps in AVs Operation Design Domain to allow expanded operations using a remote human operator. This involves overriding onboard AV systems (perception, planner and control), and transmitting low latency sensor and semantic data out of the vehicle.
What youll be doing:

Develop and enhance Motionals Remote Vehicle Assistance software 
Collaborate with UX designers, Product Managers, System Engineers and other teams for solving complex problems
Translate UI designs into UI code components
Design and implement unit tested code based on system requirements 
Investigate, Debug, and fix software issues or any general issues affecting RVA software

 
What were looking for:
Excellent modern C(11 onwards) development skills

Experience with graphics programming using any game engines or low-level graphics API (OpenGLVulkan)

Experience with Qt Framework and QML for creating custom looking UI components

Strong software design and OOP skills
Experience in GUI application development
Experience writing unit tests
Experience with linux ubuntu OS

 
Bonus points:

Experience with test automation preferably using Squish is a huge plus
Experience debugging GUI and 3D graphics applications is a huge plus
Experience with Boost library
Experience with Bazel build system
Experience with python andor shell scripting
Motional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.