 
 This is an onsite position located in our Las Vegas Office 
Mission Summary
Motional is looking for a Vehicle Integration Engineer to play a key role in integration testing on our prototype vehicles. From Sensors to Compute, you will be working within a cross functional team on a wide breadth of next generation technology. As we expand our global footprint, we are looking for exceptional engineers to help us set the foundation and direction for the future of autonomous driving.
Are you interested in working with next-generation technology on a team that shares the same passion?
The Motional Las Vegas office is located less than 10 miles from the Las Vegas strip at 730 E Pilot Road, the Las Vegas office is home to one of the largest fleets of self-driving vehicles. The citys grid system of roads and being one of Americas smart cities allows for extensive research and development testing.
What youll be doing:

Repair, maintain, calibrate, test, and validate electrical and mechanical systems
Collaborate with Electrical, Mechanical, and Systems Engineers to develop technical solutions related to the operation and performance of autonomous vehicle systems
Bring-up autonomous vehicle system and verify its functionality and performance to make it suitable for on-road operations
Triage, troubleshoot, and repair failures of autonomous vehicle hardware
Track the status of retrofits and upgrades to vehicles
Perform sensor calibrations, software upgrades, firmware updates, hardware changes
Inspect and maintain equipment using debugging tools such as multimeters, oscilloscopes, and PC-based diagnostic software
Certifying autonomous vehicle readiness for daily RD usage
Perform root-cause analysis with issues presented to the team
Author, update and maintain documentation related to system configuration and current config sets.

What were looking for:

Bachelors degree in Electrical, Computer, Mechatronics Engineering or related field
Able to diagnose and troubleshoot automotive andor robotic systems
Must have experience working in a Linux terminal troubleshooting environment
Capable of working independently to quickly overcome challenges without supervision
Skilled in isolating, documenting, and tracking issues systematically
Ability to troubleshoot computers, software and network infrastructure
Proficient in communicating with other technicians, software engineers, and executives
Proficient utilizing communication and standard office software suites
Proficiency with serialdifferential communication protocols

Bonus points (not required):

Working knowledge of Atlassian feature set including JIRA, Confluence, BitBucket, and Jenkins
Working knowledge of programming languages (JAVA, C, etc)
Proficiency in working with Docker, Python, Wireshark
Knowledge of modern automotive diagnostic procedures and systems
Experienced with computer system architecture, lidars, radars, cameras, CAN bus, and data networks
Proficiency or exposure to Vector CAN tool (CANalyzer, CANape, CANoe etc.)

 The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range88,800—135,500 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.