Our Senior Vehicle Technicians play a key role in making the vehicle of the future a reality by working on technologies that deliver a turnkey, fully autonomous driving system for our customers and enable Mobility on Demand (MoD). As we expand our global footprint, we are looking for exceptional vehicle technicians to support fleet readiness and ensure the safety of our products.
This is a swing shift position and candidates must be flexible to work weekend andor evening hours.
What youll be doing:

Independently execute mid-level to advanced diagnosis, maintenance, and repair work on all Motional vehicle platforms within a reasonable time frame and with a quality of work that exceeds expectations
Effectively applies advanced knowledge and experience to the repair and diagnosis of mechanical and electronic automotive components
Comprehends high-level detailed repair instructions and project information
Provides support, guidance, and mentorship to less senior technicians
Work fully autonomously executing higher-level repairs and tasks with limited direction or advice from the team lead andor manager
May function as a team lead by managing workflow and shop processes
Author, update, and maintain accurate documentation related to fleet readiness and repair
Clearly and effectively communicate through a variety of means: verbal, written, digitally, by phone, or in person
Ability to create, follow and share SOPs, checklists, and internal service bulletins
Collaborates cross-functionally with team members and engineering teams to develop technical solutions to vehicle issues
Provides high-level feedback and assistance to support a variety of projects assigned to the team to ensure project success
Involved in shop planning and decisions
Attend meetingsspecial projects on behalf of the manager as needed
Observe and adhere to all safety precautions, policies, and procedures
Perform manual road tests to verify reported concerns and validate repairs
Maintaining cleanliness and documentation of shop area, equipment, and tools
Willingness to work a non-traditional schedule if needed, including evenings, 3rd-shift andor weekends
Willingness and ability to travel up to 25 of the time
Other duties as assigned

What were looking for:

5 years minimum automotive experience
Extensive working knowledge of mechanical and electronic automotive components
Ability to think logically and efficiently to demonstrate problem-solving skills while isolating, documenting, and tracking issues systematically
Ability to consistently walk, stand, bend, stoop, and twist for extended periods
A valid drivers license with a clean driving record
Must be able to lift , move, push, and pull 75 lbs frequently
Enthusiasm for the AV industry as well as safetymobility
Exemplary organizational and time management skills
Exemplary communication and interpersonal skills
Comfortable in a fast-paced work environment
A passion for continuous learning and improvement
The ability to participate with a collaborative, inclusive, and respectful attitude in an ever-changing dynamic environment

Bonus points (not required):

Previous OEM Master Technician or equivalent automotive experience 
High school diploma is preferred
ASE or other automotive certifications
Full plug-in EV andor Hybrid certification
Working knowledge of current HVAC systems 
HVAC certifications
Knowledge of modern automotive diagnostic procedures and systems
Experience with UBUNTU andor Linux Operating systems
Working knowledge of G Suite andor Microsoft Office 
Ability to handle various hand and power tools (e.g. pliers, impact gun) and heavy shop equipment (e.g. lift, screw jack, AC machine, Coolant machine, engine table)

Physical Demands
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit, talk, andor hear. The employee in this position is often required to stand and walk and at times for long periods; Also to bend, stoop, twist, lift and use hands and fingers, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms.  The employee must frequently lift and move up to 75 pounds. 
Working Environment
The incumbent typically works in a temperature-controlled garage environment and uses various hand tools, power tools, diagnostic equipment, computer, telephone, and other office equipment as needed to perform duties. The noise level in the work environment is typical of that of a garage. Incumbents may encounter frequent interruptions throughout the workday. While performing the duties of this job, the team member is occasionally exposed to outside weather conditions, road conditions and pedestrian traffic. The team member is regularly exposed to mechanical and computer parts. The team member is occasionally exposed to fumes andor airborne particles. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions.
Motional AD LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and we welcome all qualified applicants.  All applicants will receive impartial consideration without regard to race, sex, color, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic data, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, or another legally protected status.  Motional AD LLC is a Drug-free workplace.
 The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range73,000—95,500 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.