Mission Summary
The Autonomy Metrics team is a group of software engineers who accelerate the progress of Motionals autonomous vehicles by developing high-quality, data-driven key performance indicators organization-wide. Specifically, the AV system and subsystem metrics are used to guide training and evaluation of our neural networks, our dashboards are used to guide strategic decisions across all levels including senior leadership, and our infrastructure provides always-available critical tools to research scientists and developers. 
The Motional Pittsburgh office is located in the new Hazelwood Green development, a culmination of the citys goal of restoring an economic driver to the neighborhood in a thoughtful, inclusive, and sustainable way. With views along the Monongahela river, the Pittsburgh office is in the heart of this new state of the art development.
What youll be doing:

As either an infrastructure generalist or specialist based on your interest and background, helping us build the infrastructure necessary to understand our system
Set up AWS infrastructure to process and analyze data at scale
Develop metrics and data pipelines supporting those metrics, in Python
Build complex software systems and collaborate with cross-functional machine learning and robotics teams to influence design for scalability, testability, flexibility and cost efficiency
Work with motivated teammates in a fast-paced, collaborative environment
The teams core project focuses on on-road performance analysis, and autonomy regression detection and prevention

What were looking for:

Strong Python skills and practices
5 years of experience developing large, high-scale cloud applications or related experience
Strong software design skills with an ability to work independently with minimal guidance
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
A strong sense of ownership: Be able to drive projects from conception to production
Computer Science, Robotics, or related Bachelors or relevant experience 

Bonus points (not required):

Strong AWS cloud development experience or certifications
Data pipelineengineering experience
Go experience
Machine learning andor robotics experience

If you dont meet 100 of the qualifications outlined above - thats okay! We encourage you to apply if you think this is a role that would make you excited to come into work every day and that you can deliver the results we need.Why you should join us:Join an innovative  team with a charter centered around three core concepts:

How should we score our autonomous vehicle system and subsystems as a whole in a way that is compliant with legal, ethical, and ride comfort related constraints?
How do we quickly and efficiently obtain system level metrics via large scale simulation?
How can we extract value from the large volume of high-quality data we collect?
The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range159,000—207,000 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.