The team:
Your expertise writing robust software can make a key contribution to one of our core robotics teams, motion planning  controls. The software youll write will go directly on production ready autonomous vehicles and impact how they decide to drive. 
Our Motion Planning teams receive inputs on the many things going on around the vehicle (perception, localization, mapping) and then decides precisely what is the best plan and decisions to make in real time.  An example of motion planning includes building routes, navigating traffic, braking, acceleration, turning, lane-change among other actions, all while trying to optimize safety  comfort.
Youll have the opportunity to grow in robotics, including:

Learning how full end-to-end robotics systems work
Research and apply Motion Planning and Controls concepts in production-level software
Test code for autonomous vehicles in real-time environments

Our software developers practice clean and scalable code, which includes:
Problem solving:

Large groups of developers working on a shared codebase, documentation, and testing
Complex software projects with multiple processes and modules interaction
Design patterns
Realizing cutting edge robotics algorithms with limited compute resources in real-timesoft real-time environments

Software development practices:

Unit testing
CICD
Version control
Familiarity with modern C features
Providingreceiving code reviews

Languagestools:

C
Python
BazelGit

The experience we are looking for  our interview process will evaluate:

C software design, algorithm implementation, debugging
Background in software development environment(s) that include some of the aspects mentioned above (Our software developerssection)
Python (bonus)
Background in RoboticsAutomation (optional)

Education:

Bachelors, Masters, or PhD degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Robotics, Applied Math, or related field
Strong fundamentals in Computer Sciences data structure and algorithms. Familiarity with graph search based concepts and basic geometry. 
The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors including but not limited to specific skills, experience and expertise, role location, certifications, licenses, and business needs. The estimated compensation range listed in this job posting reflects base salary only. This role may include additional forms of compensation such as a bonus or company equity. The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process. 
Candidates for certain positions are eligible to participate in Motionals benefits program. Motionals benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, 401k with a company match, health saving accounts, life insurance, pet insurance, and more.Salary Range168,000—225,000 USDMotional is a driverless technology company making autonomous vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. Were driven by something more.
Our journey is always people first.
We arent just developing driverless cars; were creating safer roadways, more equitable transportation options, and making our communities better places to live, work, and connect. Our team is made up of engineers, researchers, innovators, dreamers and doers, who are creating a technology with the potential to transform the way we move.
Higher purpose, greater impact.
Were creating first-of-its-kind technology that will transform transportation. To do so successfully, we must design for everyone in our cities and on our roads. We believe in building a great place to work through a progressive, global culture that is diverse, inclusive, and ensures people feel valued at every level of the organization. Diversity helps us to see the world differently; its not only good for our business, its the right thing to do.  
Scale up, not starting up.
Our team is behind some of the industrys largest leaps forward, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the worlds first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the worlds longest-standing public robotaxi fleet. Were driven to scale; were moving towards commercialization of our technology, and we need team members who are ready to embrace change and challenges.
Formed as a joint venture between Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the U.S and Asia. For more information, visit  www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
 
Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility.