Why Mozilla?
Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company behind pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser, and Pocket, a service for keeping up with the best articles online. More than 225 million people around the world use its products each month.
Along with 60,000 volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozilla Corporations staff are driven by our mission to ensure the Internet is a global public resource, open and accessible to all. We design, build and distribute open-source software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms.
About this team and role:
Fakespot is now part of Mozilla, where our mission to bring trust and transparency back to the eCommerce space is now aligned with ensuring the Internet is a global resource, open and accessible to all. Fakespot leverages machine learning and other state-of-the-art technologies to automatically filter out spurious reviews of products and vendors so consumers can make informed purchasing decisions based on real feedback by real people. We are looking for a mid-level engineer to join the Fakespot team within Mozilla. 
What youll do: 

Creating robust, scalable, highly loaded applications
Maintaining and troubleshooting existing applications
Identifying and fixing bottlenecks and bugs
Maintaining and expanding APIs

What youll bring: 

Minimum 2 years of professional work experience with Ruby and Ruby on Rails
Excellent learning ability
Ability to write efficient algorithms, and clean code
Knowledge of relational databases such as PostgreSQL and MySQL
Experience working with Sidekiq, RSpec and other common RoR libraries
Working knowledge of Git, Docker
Good knowledge of full stack web development
Commitment to our values:

Welcoming differences
Being relationship-minded
Practicing responsible participation
Having grit


Bonus Points for

Golang, Python, Kubernetes deployments
Working with high traffic systems
Background processing experience

What youll get:

Generous performance-based bonus plans to all regular employees - we share in our success as one team
Rich medical, dental, and vision coverage
Generous retirement contributions with 100 immediate vesting (regardless of whether you contribute)
Quarterly all-company wellness days where everyone takes a pause together
Country specific holidays plus a day off for your birthday
One-time home office stipend
Annual professional development budget
Quarterly well-being stipend
Considerable paid parental leave
Employee referral bonus program
Other benefits (lifeADD, disability, EAP, etc. - varies by country)

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: E
LI-REMOTE
Req ID: R2295To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Hiring Ranges:Canada Tier 1 Locations82,000—120,000 CADCanada Tier 2 Locations74,000—109,000 CAD