
 
The Company
A lot of companies say theyre mission-driven. Our unique corporate structure guarantees that every decision we make upholds our mission: to make sure the internet stays available, safe, and welcoming to everyone. Beholden to neither shareholders nor investors, Mozilla Corporation is wholly owned by the not-for-profit Mozilla Foundation.Along with 60,000 volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozilla Corporations staff designs, builds, and distributes software that allows people to enjoy the internet on their own terms. Our flagship product — the Firefox browser — has expanded into a family of products that protects users and alerts them of risks.
The opportunityWere looking for an effective EU-based program manager, passionate about getting complex marketing partnership programs started and running successfully. Mozilla seeks to work with a network of positive actors around the world. From ethical tech companies to civil society, we are passionate about uniting to help make the internet open and accessible for anyone.In this role, you will manage programs that have a clear value exchange, reach communities at scale, and drive the Mozilla mission forward. You will work closely with product leaders and cross-functional teams to source, negotiate, and execute complex partnerships, as well as develop go-to market strategy for scaling new ecosystems.Together we will build partnerships for Mozillas headline products and emerging tech, as well as with our networks of publishing and developers to grow their impact and businesses. Mozilla lives at the intersection of tech and culture, and this is where our partnerships start and succeed.
Note: This is a  12-month Fixed Term Contract position     
 What youll get to do


Build and establish relationships with our product managers, business development unit, and marketing colleagues to develop impactful work for the Mozilla brand, Mozilla Social, as well as emerging privacy and security products
Help lead the first wave of execution for new business priorities, including building muscle for our policy and advocacy initiatives 
Execute on program goals, proactively solving problems and influencing different internal and external partners 
Establish metrics for success and being accountable for your programs in a fast paced environment
Communicate about the programs internally and externally


What You Bring       

 A hands-on problem solver that can execute in complex environments influencing various partners -- internal and external -- to get projects done    
 A proven background in partnership development that drives business outcomes. 
 Someone who knows how to work across functions (e.g., Product and Engineering, User Research and Marketing, Data Science, Finance) to help identify and pursue new product, service, and market expansion opportunities, including sizing the opportunity, building the go-to-market approach and helping to define the strategy for each.   
 Strong aptitude for collaboration and building relationships internally and externally
Understanding of and fluency in the German language to drive partnerships with German brands
A growth mindset

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
 
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
 
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
 
Group: C
LI-REMOTE
To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Hiring Ranges:Remote France53.250—76.680 EUR