
To learn the Hiring Ranges for this position, please select your location from the Apply Now dropdown menu.
To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.

The Role
Mozilla IT is seeking an outstanding manager who will be responsible for leading the team that builds application integrations and automation, including but not limited to Google Workspace, Atlassian Suite, Slack and other enterprise applications. Someone who enjoys working with different teams and determining the best solution to address their needs and make them more successful. Someone who is passionate about learning and innovation, loves to experiment to find the best way to solve customers problems. You will evaluate the needs of a business and be part of a team responsible for reshaping the systems that meet those needs.
As Manager, Enterprise Application Management at Mozilla, you will

Provide leadership for assigned Application Engineer team members
Set expectations, assign duties, delegate responsibilities and evaluate team activities
Provide ongoing performance feedback, goal setting, and team development plans 
Serve as a mentor to less experienced team members and assist experienced team members with delegation of work
Improve processes for assessment, development, testing, documentation and other key processes related to application management
Review and analyze applications to ensure efficiency and effectiveness and provide direction for application support
Collaborate with team and business partners to determine application requirements based on new project priorities andor system needs
Assess, review and deploy SaaS applications to support processes and business needs
Ability to conduct in-depth application analysis and troubleshooting
Ability to lead discussions and collaborate across teams and partners to ensure comprehensive business solutions are implemented
Participate in all aspects of internal projects: planning, implementation, testing, and deployment
Be challenged with identifying innovative ideas and proof of concepts to deliver against the existing and future needs of our customers derived on a set of strong engineering principles

Your Professional Profile

At least 6 years experience in multifaceted technology roles to include proven experience in a leadership role
Proven track record to lead, mentor and motivate team members to improve their potential and deliver high quality work
Experience in programming languages (Python, Javascript, SQL etc.)
Solid understanding of APIs (SOAP, REST, webhooks)
Ability to define direction and communicate effectively with multiple levels of management
Must demonstrate excellent communication skills, including strong listening skills, influence and leadership presence
Effectively manage priorities to meet requirements and deadlines in a dynamic and fast paced environment, while working on different projects simultaneously
Direct experience integrating business applications, including but not limited to Atlassian Suite (Jira, Confluence), Google Workspace and collaboration tools (Slack)

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: D
LI-DNI
Req ID: R2379