To learn the Hiring Ranges for this position, please select your location from the Apply Now dropdown menu.
To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
The company
The Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company that is on a mission to ensure the internet is a global public resource, open and accessible to all. We design, build and distribute open-source software that enables more than 225 million people around the world to enjoy the internet on their terms.
The team and opportunity
Mozillas Innovation Studio is a fast-paced organization of entrepreneurs and entrepreneurial minded individuals. We build new products and experiment quickly to improve and extend the way people access and engage on the Web.
We are looking for a Senior Staff Machine Learning Engineer to help us develop and grow new machine learning driven products and tools. You will play a key role in enabling safe and healthy machine learning and AI driven experiences on the web. You will be a part of a very small cross-functional team that includes engineering, design, and product management, and you will have wide latitude to operate independently with your teammates.
What youll do...

Lead the development of innovative machine learning products, collaborating cross functionally with product management, full stack engineering and design.
Stay up-to-date with the latest machine learning research, translating new techniques and algorithms into innovative solutions.
Lead by example to upskill the team on AI and generate thought leadership.

What youll bring...

Strong knowledge of machine learning frameworks (pytorch, tensorflow or Keras), libraries (NumPy and scikit-learn), data structures, data modeling, and software architecture.
Machine Learning Ops experience and knowledge of appropriate metrics.
At least 5 years of experience in machine learning with ability to show activity and output in the space during that time.
Demonstrable experience developing and training production-ready machine learning models including transformer models, reinforcement learning, neural networks, model training in an area such as classifiers, recommenders, vision, and speech.
Strong problem-solving skills and ability to communicate complex concepts to technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Experience contributing to andor leading open source projects.
Passion for responsible AI, transparent algorithms, and putting users needs first.

Bonus

AI related degree or training certificate completed in the last 12 months.
Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or a related field. PhD is a plus.
Full Stack Experience.
Awareness of new machine learning toolkits such as Mojo.
Track record of not only building one, but multiple projects deployed with an active user base.

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: C
LI-DNI
Req ID: R2247