Why Mozilla?
Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company that has shaped the internet for the better over the last 25 years. We make pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser, and Pocket, a service for keeping up with the best content online. Now, with more than 225 million people around the world using our products each month, were shaping the next 25 years of technology. Our work focuses on diverse areas including AI, social media, security and more. And were doing this while never losing our focus on our core mission  to make the internet better for everyone. 
The Mozilla Corporation is wholly owned by the non-profit 501(c) Mozilla Foundation. This means we arent beholden to any shareholders — only to our mission. Along with 60,000 volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozillians design, build and distribute open-source software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms. 
About this team and role:
The Mozilla Firefox Platform Layout team is a community of engineers who care deeply about the tools we provide to authors to build extraordinary websites. We are the team responsible for rendering HTML, CSS, Images, Text, Animations and smooth, asynchronous panning and zooming. Are you an effective Engineering Leader who loves collaborating with hard-working, committed engineers to help bring the Open Web to millions of people? Wed love to hear from you.
The team is responsible for the design and development of standards-compliant CSS and page layout features that all of our users see. You will be helping make the Web Platform more usable, accessible, beautiful, and interactive over time. The Layout Team is geographically-distributed, and working virtually and in the open is the norm. You can expect to manage a team working on the code driving the Firefox browser on a number of platforms - Android, Windows, Linux, and macOS. Our team focus is on writing fast, lightweight and maintainable code to make Firefox extraordinary for users.
 
What youll do: 

Focus on results, and build the team that helps you deliver them
Manage and mentor geographically distributed team members with different abilities from your own
Find mentoring opportunities for your team
Engage regularly 1-1 with your team to discuss both technical work and professional development; provide direct and honest feedback about their individual performances
Perform semi-annual performance evaluations, make salary recommendations, and address performance problems when necessary
Act as major partner of the Layout Roadmap, prioritize Resources and Budget accordingly, assign work across your team according to their abilities, and problem-solve with your team to deliver on the Roadmap
Take initiative in a loosely structured environment, provide leadership and inspire collaboration to manage your team to success
Initiate discussions with your peer managers at Mozilla and with our partners regarding changes to the Web Platform  assist your team in their interactions with other teams in Mozilla and the Mozilla community
Be rewarded with growth and leadership opportunities for strong performance, as well as the personal satisfaction of knowing you are championing the Open Web that we all depend on
Transform the Web and improve the Web experience for millions of users

What youll bring: 

4 years leading engineers in a software development environment
Prior experience as a developer, ideally in CC andor Rust
Familiarity with one or more of the following areas: Browser Layout, Graphics, Video, Audio, Text
Proven creative problem-solving
Working knowledge of HTML, JavaScript, andor CSS

What youll get:

Generous performance-based bonus plans to all eligible employees - we share in our success as one team
Rich medical, dental, and vision coverage
Generous retirement contributions with 100 immediate vesting (regardless of whether you contribute)
Quarterly all-company wellness days where everyone takes a pause together
Country specific holidays plus a day off for your birthday
One-time home office stipend
Annual professional development budget
Quarterly well-being stipend
Considerable paid parental leave
Employee referral bonus program
Other benefits (lifeADD, disability, EAP, etc. - varies by country)

About Mozilla 
When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.  Were not a normal tech company. The things we create prioritize people and their privacy over profits. We exist to make the internet a healthier,  happier place for everyone
Commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion
Mozilla believes in the value of diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge, and knows diversity, equity and inclusion are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission. We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
 
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws. Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
 
Group: D
LI-REMOTE
Req ID: R2386
To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Hiring Ranges:Remote UK110,000—162,000 GBP