
The Company
A lot of companies say theyre mission-driven. Our unique corporate structure guarantees that every decision we make upholds our mission: to make sure the internet stays available, safe, and welcoming to everyone. Beholden to neither shareholders nor investors, Mozilla Corporation is wholly owned by the not-for-profit Mozilla Foundation.
Along with 20,000 volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozilla Corporations staff designs, builds, and distributes software that allows people to enjoy the internet on their own terms. Our flagship product — the Firefox browser — has expanded into a family of products that protects users and alerts them of risks.
The Opportunity
The Desktop Test Engineering team is passionate about helping Mozilla ship well-tested, high quality products. You will work alongside product and engineering groups, advance testing efforts that are key to building engaging and inclusive products. 
Were a part of the Mozilla Firefox Engineering team; our community of engineers is geographically-distributed, and working in the open is the norm. We contribute to the code driving Firefox browser services in a number of languages, including Rust, Python, and JavaScript. 
Our team is invested in fostering a culture of learning, growing strong leaders and building a collaborative work environment. We want to raise the performance bar with every hire and promotion. You could be the next great thing to happen to our team.
What Youll Get To Do

Build tooling and frameworks to make testing easier and faster. Write, run, and maintain automated tests.
Create and execute comprehensive test plans with a combination of manual and automated testing. 
As an advanced expert in your domain, review test artifacts and provide feedback to junior test engineers.
Participate in the incident response process by helping in investigation and validating builds.
Work with multiple teams across organizations to solve deep technical problems that enable feature teams to ship quality code at high velocity.
Help prioritize product testing and risk management, advocate for building robust systems and practices, and represent our end-users best interests.
Contribute towards building a healthy team culture, be the go-to person for junior testers, and be invested in your growth as well as your peers.
Be an opinionated advocate for Testing and Quality. 

Job requirements:

5 years of experience in a software engineering role (SDET, test engineer, test lead, QA lead etc)
Demonstrated success in improving a process or automated parts of the test process.
Proficient in at least one programming language (Python, C, or Javascript or similar scripting language). Hand-on experience with Pytest, Selenium or similar frameworks.
Strong knowledge of SDLC and QA methodologies. Experienced in working with test case management and bug tracking tools.
Experience leading delivery of projects with geographically distributed teams or vendor companies.
Ability to quickly learn and implement unfamiliar technologies.
Detail oriented within a fast-paced work environment.
Analyze and tackle sophisticated software development problems spanning multiple components, sometimes outside areas of expertise.
Excellent problem-solving skills with an emphasis on data-informed decision-making.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: D
LI-REMOTE
Req ID: R2314

To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Hiring Ranges:Canada Tier 1 Locations104,000—153,000 CADCanada Tier 2 Locations94,000—138,000 CAD