

With Firefox, we seek to provide world-class mobile browsing coupled with the privacy and performance people expect from our browsers. We are passionate about improving Firefox in areas like download size and speed, battery life, and network switching. To fulfill our aspirations, we seek a Senior Staff Product Manager with significant experience developing products for resource-constrained markets, including in Africa.
The person in this role will work in a highly collaborative environment to research customers pain points in resource-constrained markets, prioritize the most important use cases, and lead ideation and concept development with design and engineering peers.
Bonus points for PM andor technical experience in web browsers, deep technical and product knowledge of mobile apps,and experience developing products for resource-constrained markets.
Responsibilities

Collaborate with User Research and Data Science
Collaborate with Firefox Mobile UX Design, Engineering, User Research, Data Science and Platform teams to define a Roadmap of prioritized features to address those pain points
Define metrics and counter metrics to determine the success of the program
Work Closely with Cross-functional partners to develop and deploy these features in the Firefox Mobile browser apps.
Collaborate with PMMs to develop a GTM strategy for this program.
Contribute to healthy cross-team relationships.
Bring your full and authentic self!

Qualifications

8 or more years of direct product management experience, including impactful leadership roles on consumer-facing applications with millions of users.
5 years of Mobile Product Management experience. Ideally, in a consumer facing product as scale.
Skill and experience driving partner engagements and discussions
Drive independently at high velocity towards an aligned product strategy
You can reason through problems from multiple perspectives.
You have excellent interpersonal skills and are capable of storytelling complex ideas in written and verbal communication.

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: C
LI-REMOTE
Req ID: R2278

To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Hiring Ranges:Canada Tier 1 Locations165,000—242,000 CADCanada Tier 2 Locations149,000—219,000 CAD