

At Mozilla, the Sr. Director of People Operations and workplace experience is a global  leadership role that will lead and assume overall accountability for strategy development, design, implementation, administration, and governance of all HR Operations and Compliance programs and processes, HR Analytics and Workplace Experience teams. This role will ensure all HR Operations and workplace programs align with the mission and business objectives of Mozilla, help to create an engaged workforce, and are fully compliant with local legal and regulatory requirements. This is a collaborative role that will work cross-functionally with the entire leadership team, Human Resources, Data Engineering, IT and Legal to understand business issues and collectively develop effective business solutions. As a member of the HR senior leadership team, this role will report to the Chief People Officer.
Role Scope:
Strategic Leadership: Collaborate with the People leadership team to align People strategies with Mozillas overall business goals and mission. Develop collaborative strategic relationships with Legal, IT, Data Engineering, HR leadership and business leaders to ensure full comprehension of stakeholder viewpoints in the design of programs and processes.
Inclusion and Belonging: Partnering with the People and Mozilla executive team, ensure that programs, processes and communications strengthen and foster Mozillas philosophy and commitment to an inclusive environment and organization where all employees perceive a strong sense of belonging to Mozillas mission and business objectives. 
People Analytics: Create a baseline strategy, tools and reporting on how Mozilla can leverage data-driven insights to provide actionable information to company leaders, enabling them to make informed decisions related to talent management, workforce planning, and organizational development.
Operational Excellence: Oversee the People Operations and Workplace Experience functions, ensuring that HR processes, systems, and communication are efficient, scalable, compliant, and enhance the employee experience. In addition, this role is accountable for the ongoing evolution of key People systems strategies in partnership with the IT function.
Professional Profile

15 years of experience in HR with at least 8 years in HR Operations leadership roles, in a global company  
8 years of demonstrated success leading HR Operations, Analytics and Insight,  and HR systems functions, in a global environments
Experience managing Real Estate andor Facilities functions desired
Strong leader with a track record of developing and maintaining inclusive high performing teams
Experience working with centralized data engineering and HRIS teams a plus
Demonstrated knowledge and application of HR data analytics trends and best practices, including experience tracking, analyzing HR metrics and reporting at the Executive level
Strong collaborator and communicator with experience influencing internal stakeholders and senior leadership
Excellent presentation and executive engagement skills

Professional Profile

15 years of experience in compensation, benefits, and total rewards, preferably in a global technology company  
10 years of demonstrated success leading HR Operations and HR systems functions, preferably in global environments
Experience building Executive compensation programs, including long term incentive programs for non-publicly traded companies, and interfacing with Executive Compensation Committees and Board of Directors
Broad knowledge and experience in various benefits and compensation philosophies including overall competitive compensation positioning, short and long-term incentive design, compliance, market measurement, etc.
Strong leader with a track record of developing and maintaining inclusive high performing teams
Demonstrated knowledge and application of HR data analytics trends and best practices, including experience tracking, analyzing HR metrics and reporting at the Executive level
Experience managing Real Estate andor Facilities functions is a plus
Strong collaborator and communicator with experience influencing internal stakeholders and senior leadership
Excellent presentation and executive engagement skills

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: B
LI-REMOTE
Req ID: R2325

To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Hiring Ranges:US Tier 1 Locations137,000—200,000 USDUS Tier 2 Locations126,000—185,000 USDUS Tier 3 Locations116,000—170,000 USD