

Why Mozilla?
Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company behind pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser, and Pocket, the content discovery platform. More than 270 million people around the world use its products each month.Along with 20,000 volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozilla Corporations staff are driven by our vision of becoming the trusted guide to a joyful internet. We design, build and distribute software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms.
This is a new role reporting to our SVP, Strategy  Operations, to accelerate the growth and impact of Mozillas existing products while setting the foundation for new product development through strategy development, planning  governance. You will have an opportunity to drive significant impact at a time when Mozilla is positioned to build software that is unambiguously good for the world at scale. Youll do this by bringing your thought leadership and being a strategic partner to leaders across organizations at Mozilla, and help move the companys vision forward.
If youre interested in helping us take on some of the internets biggest challenges — openness, accessibility, safety, privacy, security, interoperability, individual agency and more, we look forward to learning more about you!
Key Responsibilities:

Team Leadership  Development: Lead, mentor, and develop a small team of Strategy focused individuals, ensuring high performance and engagement, and fostering a culture of continuous improvement and learning.
Strategic Vision: Set the strategic direction for various programs within the organization, aligning with Mozillas broader mission and objectives.
Executive Decision Support: Work closely with C-suite and VP-level executives, providing insights and recommendations that support key business decisions.
Stakeholder Management: Manage relationships with key stakeholders across the organization, ensuring strategic initiatives are communicated effectively and receive the necessary support.
Cross-Functional Collaboration: Coordinate with various teams within the organization, ensuring the strategy teams initiatives are aligned with internal goals and capabilities. Approach with influence and not direction.
Industry Analysis: Keep a pulse on industry trends, competitive landscape, and market opportunities, adjusting strategies as necessary to maintain a leading edge.
Change Leadership: Lead organizational change efforts stemming from strategic initiatives, ensuring smooth implementation and adoption across the company.

What youll bring:

Minimum 15 years of relevant experience, including significant leadership roles, with a background in consulting and substantial experience in technology-focused roles.
Bachelors Degree required; technical degree or equivalent is mandatory.
Proven experience in developing and executing sophisticated strategies within technology companies.
Proven experience in managing C-suite communications, influencing at the C-level in fast-paced, technology-centric environments.
Strong business acumen, with extensive experience in business analysis, commercial, strategy andor integrations roles.
Superior communication skills, capable of influencing at all levels of an organization, from team members to the executive board.
Exceptional leadership abilities, with a track record of mentoring and developing others.
Strategic mindset with a knack for innovation, problem-solving, and critical thinking.
Ability to tie the needs of the business to the mission of a company, to work in both crisis and non-crisis situations and transform a company or business unit.

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: B
LI-REMOTE
Req ID: R2391

To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Hiring Ranges:US Tier 1 Locations195,000—285,000 USDUS Tier 2 Locations179,000—263,000 USDUS Tier 3 Locations165,000—242,000 USD