

The Company
Our unique corporate structure guarantees that every decision we make upholds our mission: to make sure the internet stays available, safe, and welcoming to everyone. Beholden to neither shareholders nor investors, Mozilla Corporation is wholly owned by the not-for-profit Mozilla Foundation
Along with 20,000 volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozilla Corporations staff designs, builds, and distributes software that allows people to enjoy the internet on their own terms. Our flagship product — the Firefox browser — has expanded into a family of products that protects users and alerts them of risks.
The Opportunity
The Firefox team is a community of engineers who care deeply about delivering the fastest, friendliest, most usable browser possible. We are responsible for making the things you see in the browser work securely, quickly, and well! We are looking for a Senior Staff Engineer to help us develop and grow new machine learning driven products and tools. You will play a key role in enabling safe and healthy machine learning and AI driven experiences in Firefox. 
What is a Senior Staff Software Engineer at Mozilla?
A Senior Staff Software Engineer is the next level from a Staff Software Engineer. At Mozilla this role can vary, but typically a senior staff engineer leads projects requiring efforts across multiple teams, providing technical leadership, building cross-team relationships, and helping the teams deliver on their objectives. The senior staff engineer is an expert in their domain. They provide feedback on our strategy and goals affecting multiple teams and turn our strategy into coordinated action for those teams. They mentor others by stewarding responsibilities to more junior engineers so they can take on new ones, while collaborating with management on building team consensus and providing direction. Typically, a Senior Staff is a technical lead for multiple teams.
What youll do...

Lead the design, development, and integration of innovative machine learning techniques in Firefox, collaborating cross functionally with product management, full stack engineering and design.
Define use cases and develop methodology  benchmarks to evaluate different approaches that support and improve Mozillas products and experiences
Implement robust validation and testing procedures to ensure the developed models generalizability and reliability
Continuously monitor and optimize deployed models for performance and efficiency
Stay up-to-date with the latest advancements in machine learning, natural language processing, and related fields to ensure our methodologies remain innovative and relevant
Lead by example to upskill the team on AI and generate thought leadership.

What You Bring

10 years experience as a Software Engineer 
Solid knowledge of core web technologies.
Ability to quickly analyze and solve sophisticated software development problems spanning multiple components, sometimes outside your area of expertise.
Strong problem-solving skills and ability to communicate complex concepts to technical and non-technical stakeholders.


Demonstrated prior experience with large language models, and generative AI


Ability to influence roadmaps and execution in the teams you and your team partner with
Youre pragmatic about how to move things forward in specific timeframes including trade-offs and safeguards when implementing new functionality.
Experience working collaboratively with product managers, project managers, andor other non-engineering teams.
Excellent written and verbal English communication skills and have participated effectively on a distributed team.
Proven track record of leadership across teams, showing a high degree of collaboration, flexibility, and respect for diverse perspectives
Passion for responsible AI, transparent algorithms, and putting users needs first.

Bonus Points

A deep understanding of deep learning, reinforcement learning, and natural language processing
Knowledge of and experience with analyzing large-scale dataset utilizing statistical and machine learning tools
Experience with design of experiments, survey design, and large-scale AB testing
You have previously successfully contributed to an open source project.
Track record of not only building one, but multiple projects deployed with an active user base.

We value a variety of voices within our team and at Mozilla. You dont need to check every box on this list to apply.
About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: C
LI-REMOTE
Req ID: R2262

To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Hiring Ranges:Remote UK110,000—162,000 GBP