The company
The Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company that is on a mission to ensure the internet is a global public resource, open and accessible to all. We design, build and distribute open-source software that enables more than 225 million people around the world to enjoy the internet on their terms.
The Role
Are you passionate about mobile applications that help users protect themselves online? Do you want to build software for a massive audience? Mozillas mission is to promote openness, innovation, and opportunity as key to the continued health of the Internet. We are looking for a Staff Mobile Mobile Engineer to help make this happen. 
What youll do

Design, write, maintain, and debug software for mobile applications
Build (and maintain!) top-rated mobile apps (iOS and Android) with quick feedback loops from Product and UX
Define  uphold standards for quality by mentoring junior engineers, performing code reviews, fixing bugs, creating tests, and profiling code
Make technical decisions about the code and architecture of our mobile products
Collaborate with a geographically distributed development team and work in the open as part of the Mozilla open source project, and engage with Mozillas global community

What you bring

Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Advanced coding skills in: Java, Kotlin, Swift, and C
Many years experience building complex applications for a broad and diverse user base using modern mobile technologies and frameworks
Exposure to web technologies (JS, CSS, DOM, HTML)
Helping and mentoring junior team members.
Experience defining and instituting coding, testing, documentation and agile process standards

Bonus points

Experience working with distributed teams.
Experience with a large codebase.
Experience with planning mid to long-term projects.
Experience with other web technologies (React, Python)

Why Mozilla?
When you work at Mozilla, you have the opportunity to make a difference in the lives of users across the globe. Additionally, you give us a chance to make a difference in your life. We offer:

Generous performance-based bonus plans to all regular employees 
Medical, dental, and vision coverage for employees and dependents
Generous retirement contributions with 100 immediate vesting
Quarterly all-company wellness days when everyone takes a pause together
One-time home office stipend 
Annual professional development budget
Quarterly well-being stipend
Considerable paid parental leave
And more!

Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: C
LI-DNI
Req ID: R2218To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Hiring Ranges:Remote Germany80.000—118.000 EUR