

Why Mozilla?
Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company behind pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser, and Pocket, a service for keeping up with the best articles online. More than 225 million people around the world use its products each month.
Along with 60,000 volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozilla Corporations staff are driven by our mission to ensure the internet is a global public resource, open and accessible to all. We design, build and distribute open-source software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms.
The Opportunity
The Senior Brand Partnerships Manager role at Mozilla is a senior individual contributor opportunity whose responsibilities include managing a global portfolio of clients and prospecting for new business across markets including the US, CA, UK, FR, IT, and ES. This is a 6-month Fixed Term Contract  with the potential extend to a Full-time role. 
At Mozilla, youll have the opportunity to work with brands that are excited to partner and grow their relationship with us. You have behind you quality curation, an amazing browser product that has large market share globally, and a resonant mission. Firefox has a loyal and passionate user base and is the leader in the privacy web browsing space. This position will primarily be responsible for selling our Native Advertising products in Firefox globally.
What Youll Get To Do

Actively prospect for new clients and opportunities across advertising agencies and brands directly with support of sales enablement tools.
Own the full sales cycle  Includes researching, prospecting, outreach, pitching, negotiating, and closing deals across our entire suite of ad products.
Ability to lead an RFP process, creating tailored partner proposals that include: Native digital content, custom newsletter sponsorships, and more.
Develop and maintain a strong sales pipeline to ensure sufficient opportunities exist to meet revenue goals.
Forecast, track and report on your sales performance, meeting quarterly targets set by management by keeping up-to-date and detailed records of sales activity through our CRM solution.
Present client feedback to Pocket product and marketing teams and work to develop new sales offerings to meet client goals.
Service existing clients in the territory to ensure satisfactory customer service is met.

Minimum Qualifications

5 years of digital or integrated media sales experience with knowledge of online media planning terms and processes.
Experience selling to directly to global brands andor experience selling in Europe.
Self-starter that is extremely organized with strong time management skills.
New business expert, managing a high volume of calls and meetings per week.
Have a strategic, consultative sales approach with the ability to understand client needs.
Create meaningful solutions, set proper expectations and close deals of all sizes.
Exceptional writing and presentation skills.


About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: C
LI-REMOTE


To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Hiring Ranges:Remote France53.250—77.390 EUR