The Opportunity
Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company that has shaped the internet for the better over the last 25 years. We make pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser, and Pocket, a service for keeping up with the best content online. 
Now, with more than 225 million people around the world using our products each month, were shaping the next 25 years of technology. Our work focuses on diverse areas including AI, social media, security and more. And were doing this while never losing our focus on our core mission  to make the internet better for everyone. 
The Mozilla Corporation is wholly owned by the non-profit 501(c) Mozilla Foundation. This means we arent beholden to any shareholders — only to our mission. Along with 60,000 volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozillians design, build and distribute open-source software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms.
Mozilla isnt just a great place to work. Its an experience youll carry with you throughout your career. As part of our internship program, youll have the opportunity to be mentored one-on-one by somebody brilliant, to impact the projects youll collaborate on, and to never be bored. Ever. From the passionate people youll learn from, to the chances youll have to make the Web a better place, your time with Mozilla will be unlike any other.
We are hiring for multiple Firefox Mobile teams - each solving their own unique challenges to make the web better for everyone. More details about all hiring teams will be shared in the interviews. 
Below is a small snapshot of the work we do to give you an idea about some of the big things you could do at Mozilla.
What youll do

Design, debug, build, and ship mobile solutions that promote a healthy and inclusive internet
Become a member of a hardworking, diverse, and geographically distributed team delivering mobile components, application improvements, and features
Write code and tests, build prototypes, tackle problems with no clear solution, collaborate with other designers and engineers to make the web a better place.
Learn about a wide variety of problems that can span from backend to frontend including analytics and experimentation

What you bring

You are proficient in reading and writing Java, Swift, Kotlin, or CC
Experience with API  Interface design 
Passion for building good products.
You have an interest or experience in building mobile applications
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced environment to deliver well-designed, reusable, and high-quality code
Desire to work with, learn, and grow with an outstanding group of people
You speak English fluently and enjoy conducting software engineering work in the open.
You are enrolled in a university and are available to come to our Toronto offices during regular working hours depending on your schedule.
You will help us to improve Firefox and the web in general. We offer flexible working hours and competitive compensation depending on the number of hours. You will be able to participate in our office life, including catered lunches and various social activities.
You have an interest in and ability to work with a distributed team (which requires good asynchronous written communication skills as well as good verbal communication skills).
You are happy to provide and receive constructive feedback; when you see something that can be improved, you act on it.
You can build consensus on complex issues, through your empathy, internal credibility and visibility.
You know how to approach an existing codebase and improve its architecture through small, planned interventions.

Bonus Points

Unafraid of asking questions, and proposing new ideas if you think they will make a positive impact.
A love of helping your colleagues grow and get better at what they do.

We value a variety of voices within our team and at Mozilla. You dont need to check every box on this list to apply.
About Mozilla 
When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.  Were not a normal tech company. The things we create prioritize people and their privacy over profits. We exist to make the internet a healthier,  happier place for everyone
Commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion
Mozilla believes in the value of diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge, and knows diversity, equity and inclusion are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission. We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws. Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.