The Mozilla Foundation is a nonprofit public benefit organization. Our mission is to ensure that the Internet is a global public resource, open and accessible to all. Join us and become part of our mission to promote openness, innovation, and opportunity online!
Twenty years ago, this meant building a browser and protecting the open web. Today, it also includes making sure AI and data driven technology is more trustworthy. In order to focus on places where Mozilla can impact the next era of our work, we are increasingly working on the topic of trustworthy AI. For us, this means especially two things: human agency is a core part of how AI is built and integrated, and corporate accountability is real and enforced.
The Mozilla Foundation Advocacy team is seeking a German Advocacy campaigner to help design and implement campaigns that advance our goals with a German-speaking audience. Mozillas advocacy program focuses on holding companies accountable for building trustworthy AI and offering users a safe and fair experience online. To do this, our team designs campaigns calling for specific product and policy changes, and brings our work to the attention of key audiences like policy-makers and regulators. This role will report to the Director of Campaigns.
The German Advocacy Campaigner executes Mozillas multi-year advocacy campaigns to change consumer technology products, shape industry norms, and ensure effective tech regulation in Germany, in line with our trustworthy AI theory of change. To do this, the Campaigner communicates with policymakers, media and civil society organizations. They also work to engage and mobilize Mozillas thousands of supporters in Germany around the health of the internet and trustworthy AI. 
Here are some projects youll likely work on in your first 6 months:

Work on campaigns around the issues of Privacy; Digital Services Act; Open-source; Consumer Choice; and Climate Change

As an Advocacy Campaigner at Mozilla Foundation, you will
Campaigning - 50 of time

Implement multi-year advocacy campaigns for Germany to change consumer technology products, shape industry norms, and ensure effective tech regulation in line with Mozillas trustworthy AI theory of change. 
Lead execution and evaluation of Mozilla campaigns for German supporters, including the development of effective campaign materials for German audiences, working with Mozillas Digital Engagement, Policy and Research Teams.

Policy and Advocacy - 40 of time

Track key consumer tech and policy trends for trustworthy AI, to identify advocacy and campaign opportunities for Germany.
Communicate recommendations to German policymakers and regulators on key trustworthy AI issues, in collaboration with policy experts across Mozilla.
Cultivate and maintain relationships with key partners in Germany including civil society organizations, policymakers and media.
Through work in Germany, support Mozillas wider policy and advocacy strategy for the European Union.
Build collaborative relationships within Mozilla and across the Foundation and Corporation.

Fundraising - 10 of time

Work closely with the Fundraising Team to implement effective online fundraising strategies for German supporters.

 
Your Professional Profile:

Experience in crafting and implementing public campaigns, including online.
Five years of work experience or equivalent in campaigning organizations; experience of work in non-profits focused on internet rights or consumer rights preferred.
Strong analytical, oral, written, and social communications skills in German (equivalent to ILR 5  native or bilingual) and English (equivalent to ILR 4).
Ability to conduct research and analysis on a range of issues, and effectively articulate how these relate to policies, initiatives and procedures to non-expert audiences.
Experience in leading projects and communicating with a team so that each person can understand and add to the strategy and vision effectively.
Genuine interest in topics and alignment with Mozillas Mission and Manifesto, especially regarding diversity and inclusion.
Ability to effectively handle workload and complete projects in a timely fashion.
Two or more years of experience of remote work in a globally distributed organization.

We Are Excited To See Any Additional Experience:

Experience of campaigning on tech issues, particularly related to AI or data.
Experience with fundraising, either from individual donors or large foundations (particularly digital fundraising).
Tertiary level degree or equivalent certification 

 
Salary and Benefits Information:
The Mozilla Foundation is dedicated to fair and equitable compensation for our staff. We aim to pay a competitive and market-based salary based on the responsibilities and requirements of the role. We do not ask for, or take into account, salary histories in our offer process.
The starting salary ranges for this role are listed below. These four countries are where we most commonly employ staff.

Germany: [56,460 - 63,412] [target salary offer - 58,192]

 
We offer the following benefits:

Private Medical Insurance
Extended Sick Leave
Global Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Retirement Plan contributions
Paid Time Off: 20 days annual leave  sick days and your birthday  
Company Holidays  Shutdown
Wellness budget
Professional Development budget
Top up program for Pregnancy and Parental leaves

Benefits are subject to change at any time at the discretion of Mozilla Foundation.
Mozilla Foundation Hiring Practices:
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission. We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, and persons of all sexual orientations and gender identities and expressions.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at accommodationmozillafoundation.org. 