To learn the Hiring Ranges for this position, please select your location from the Apply Now dropdown menu.
To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company that has shaped the internet for the better over the last 25 years. We make pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser, and Pocket, a service for keeping up with the best content online. Now, with more than 225 million people around the world using our products each month, were shaping the next 25 years of technology. Our work focuses on diverse areas including AI, social media, security and more.
Help make the internet a better place!
The Mozilla Corporation is wholly owned by the non-profit 501(c) Mozilla Foundation. This means we arent beholden to any shareholders — only to our mission. Along with 60,000 volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozillians design, build and distribute open-source software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms.
Work alongside our product, engineering, marketing, and data science teams to help make practical decisions about legal risk.
Engage with teams throughout the product development life cycle: from the conception of a product idea through iterating on that opportunity, developing requirements to address it, implementing a technical design to make it a reality, formulating a plan to launch it, and beyond.
Youll get to do a little bit of everything: from advising our internal engineering and product teams, working with our marketing team in promoting our products, and helping to guide Mozillas privacy practices.
As Senior Product Counsel for Mozilla, you will

Provide practical legal advice through the product lifecycle across technologies including, browsers, privacy tools, messaging, subscription services, and developing technologies
Identify risks and work cross-collaboratively with teams to propose and implement creative and practical solutions
Build deep relationships across Mozilla with engineering, marketing, product management, business development, PR, community leaders, developers, and marketing so the legal team has a strong understanding Mozilla projects, products, and features
Help align Mozillas product development with our mission for openness, privacy, security, and user agency
Work alongside privacy, intellectual property, and commercial legal specialists to ensure the company gets consistent, appropriate, and practical legal risk recommendations
Draft, revise, and maintain consumer and developer legal terms

Your Professional Profile

J.D. degree and membership in a state bar with good standing
5 years experience
Experience counseling clients regarding internet technology law, privacy and data security, intellectual property, consumer trust, and consumer protection
Strong interest in technology and an ability to understand complex product use cases
In-house attorney experience, especially as product counsel

What youll get:

Generous performance-based bonus plans to all eligible employees - we share in our success as one team
Rich medical, dental, and vision coverage
Generous retirement contributions with 100 immediate vesting
Quarterly all-company wellness days where everyone takes a pause together
Country specific holidays plus a day off for your birthday
One-time home office stipend
Annual professional development budget
Quarterly well-being stipend
Considerable paid parental leave
Employee referral bonus program

Other benefits (lifeADD, disability, EAP, etc.

varies by country)

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: C
LI-DNI
Req ID: R2398