
 
12 month Fixed Term Contract
 
Hybrid role based in our Berlin office 3-4 days week in office and 1-2 days working remotely from home office.
 
Why Mozilla?
Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company behind pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser, and Pocket, the content discovery platform. More than 270 million people around the world use its products each month.
Along with 20,000 volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozilla Corporations staff are driven by our vision to be the trusted guide through a joyful internet. We design, build and distribute software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms.
 
Mozilla is seeking a Senior Desktop Systems Specialist to be based in our Berlin office. Our business-savvy IT organization needs an enthusiastic advocate for enabling our users productivity and driving the Mozilla mission. You will surprise and delight our internal users by ensuring the best technology is available to them both individually and collectively. Mozilla is looking for you to build relationships on the virtual service desk, supporting on premises and remote employees while offering rare abilities to the Service Desk team. You will maintain a positive attitude and the aim to thrive in a dynamic, high-pressure environment.
 
You will respond well to written and verbal directions, retain ownership of incidents and problems, and provide continuous feedback to customers and IT partners. This entails working with the Service Desk team, Network Operations team, Enterprise Applications team, and the Workplace Experience team while coordinating with outside vendors. You will be configuring and setting up Mac, Windows, and Linux laptops, desktops, desk phones, tablets, printers, and performing conference room checks on AV equipment.
The role

Support Mozillians via Slack, Jira Service Management, and email with their Service Requests and Incidents
Resolve escalated issues in a fast-paced global support environment and provide appropriate follow-up
Represent the Global Service Desk on IT projects partnering with various groups throughout Mozilla
Administer SaaS applications like Google Workspace, Slack, Atlassian Suite
Drive process improvement changes, lowering friction for our Mozillians and improving the Global Service Desk experience for all
Proactively monitor upcoming software releases and patches that affect users and provide communications
Manage LDAP user account operations and permissions
Document all incidents and requests with detail, accuracy for both accurate metrics and to help build a rich IT knowledge base

 
Your Professional Profile 

Demonstrated ability supporting both Windows  Mac in an enterprise environment
Indepth experience in SaaS support (Atlassian, Google Workspace, Slack, etc.) 
Ability to work proficiently with minimal daily guidance to meet deadlines
Excellent communication, analytical, and leadership skills necessary for independent project work
Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills 
High level of detail in all aspects of work, including tickets and knowledge articles

 
Bonus Points for

Experience with AV hardware  software
Experience with Google Apps Manager (GAM) for Google Workspace
Experience scripting to create IT automation
ITIL Foundations certified 

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: C
LI-REMOTE

