
 Why Mozilla?

Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company behind pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser, and Pocket, a service for keeping up with the best articles online. More than 225 million people around the world use its products each month.
Along with 60,000 volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozilla Corporations staff are driven by our mission to ensure the Internet is a global public resource, open and accessible to all. We design, build and distribute open-source software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms.
About the role:
As a Staff Web Designer, you will be responsible for overseeing and executing the design of marketing websites. Your deep understanding of design, design systems, and design-to-code principles will be essential in creating visually stunning and functional web experiences that align with the Mozilla brand and mission. You will work to create and elevate designs on high-traffic websites such as mozilla.org while working with UX and product teams to maintain consistency and quality across our digital platforms.
About the team:
The Marketing Websites Team is a cross-functional team in the marketing organization that manages multiple web properties, including www.mozilla.org. We deliver web and digital experiences that tell the Mozilla story and provide users access to Mozilla products and services. The websites we build and maintain reach millions of users every month. We view our web properties as an extension of the Mozilla mission, and we strive to keep very high standards for security, accessibility, and compatibility.
As a Staff web designer here at Mozilla, you will 

Collaborate with product and UX designers to understand project requirements and objectives.
Lead and actively participate in design brainstorming sessions and critiques.
Create designs for marketing websites.
Ensure all design work adheres to established brand guidelines and design systems.
Prepare and document designs, and work with developers to translate designs into code.
Ensure designs meet the Mozilla standard for accessibility
Manage multiple design projects simultaneously, meeting project timelines and deadlines.
Contribute to the development of design and component systems, ensuring scalability and reusability.

Your Professional Profile 

Extensive Web Design Experience: A proven track record with several years of experience in web design, particularly focused on marketing websites.
Design-to-Code Skills: Proficiency in understanding how designs turn into functional code, and an understanding of how design decisions impact development.
Design Systems Knowledge: Familiarity with design systems and the ability to create and maintain design and component libraries for consistency.
Creative Problem Solving: Proven ability to creatively solve design challenges and find innovative solutions.
Collaboration: Excellent teamwork and communication skills, with the ability to work closely with cross-functional teams.
Accessibility Advocate: A commitment to inclusive design, ensuring that websites are usable and enjoyable by a wide range of users, including those with disabilities.

Bonus Points for

Brand Design: An understanding of branding principles and the ability to incorporate brand identity into web design.
Experience with web animations: Strong consideration will be provided to candidates who understand web capabilities for layout, design, and animation, and bring that knowledge and understanding into their designs.
AB Testing: Experience with AB testing methodologies and how design can help optimize website performance and conversion rates.

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: C
LI-REMOTE
Req ID: R2373

To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Hiring Ranges:US Tier 1 Locations137,000—200,000 USDUS Tier 2 Locations126,000—185,000 USDUS Tier 3 Locations116,000—170,000 USD