
 
Mozilla is a mission-driven organization pledging to a healthy internet. One of our four commitments is to build ...an internet that includes all the people of the earth - where a persons demographic characteristics do not determine their online access, opportunities, or quality of experience.
Mozilla seeks to build a work environment that values and makes space for our employees, partners, and the broader community to bring their vast experiences to our mission - to improve the internet. Being inclusive and transparent for the betterment of humankind is at the core of our values.
A healthy and inclusive internet starts with the tools we use to access and discover the Web. In our mobile group, we start by developing applications that give people a choice in their browser to experience the Web in an open, safe, and healthy environment. Promoting transparency, innovation, inclusion, and opportunity from every angle for mobile is at our core.
If you are a Senior Staff Mobile Engineer and want to work for a company that builds products for everyone, join our team!
Position Overview: As a Senior Staff Mobile Engineer, you will play a pivotal role in helping solve difficult technical projects in the mobile organization. You will be designing and implementing mobile solutions and will be responsible for providing technical leadership, architectural guidance, and supervising the mobile development process. Your expertise and experience will be instrumental in shaping the mobile architecture and ensuring its scalability, performance, and security. Collaboration with multi-functional teams, including developers, product managers, and designers, will be essential in driving successful mobile initiatives.
Responsibilities:

Mobile Architecture Design: Develop and communicate a comprehensive mobile architecture strategy and roadmap that aligns with the companys overall technology vision and business goals.
Technical Leadership: Provide technical leadership and guidance to mobile development teams. Mentor and coach developers. Stay up to date with industry trends, emerging technologies, and standard processes in mobile architecture and development. Define standards, and guidelines for mobile development.
Performance and Security: Define and implement mobile performance optimization techniques and security measures. Ensure the mobile applications are optimized for speed, efficiency, and data protection.
Collaboration and Communication: Collaborate with multi-functional teams, including backend developers, infrastructure engineers, and QA testers and automation engineers, to ensure seamless integration and delivery of mobile solutions. Effectively communicate architectural decisions, trade-offs, and recommendations to technical and non-technical partners.
Research and Evaluation: Continuously evaluate emerging mobile technologies, frameworks, and tools. Conduct proof-of-concepts and feasibility studies to assess their suitability for the organizations mobile ecosystem. Provide recommendations for technology adoption and improvement.
Continuous Improvement: Drive continuous improvement initiatives for mobile architecture, development processes, and tools. Identify areas of improvement, implement changes, and promote standard processes across the organization.

Your professional profile:

10 years of experience in mobile application development, including iOS and Android platforms. Bonus for experience with web browsers or engines
Proven experience as a Mobile Architect or similar role, demonstrating successful delivery of large-scale mobile projects.
Solid understanding of mobile architecture patterns, frameworks, and technologies.
Proficiency in mobile development languages such as Kotlin, Java, Swift, Java, JavaScript or Rust.
Expertise in mobile application design for performance, scalability, and security.
Excellent leadership, communication and collaboration skills working effectively with multi-functional teams.
Strong problem-solving and analytical thinking abilities.
Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field.

We value a variety of voices. You dont need to check every box on this list to apply.
About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: C
LI-REMOTE
Req ID: R2225

To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Hiring Ranges:US Tier 1 Locations195,000—285,000 USDUS Tier 2 Locations179,000—263,000 USDUS Tier 3 Locations165,000—242,000 USD