

To learn the Hiring Ranges for this position, please select your location from the Apply Now dropdown menu.
To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Why Mozilla?
Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company that has shaped the internet for the better over the last 25 years. We make pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser, and Pocket, a service for keeping up with the best content online. Now, with more than 225 million people around the world using our products each month, were shaping the next 25 years of technology. Our work focuses on diverse areas including AI, social media, security and more. And were doing this while never losing our focus on our core mission  to make the internet better for everyone. 
The Mozilla Corporation is wholly owned by the non-profit 501(c) Mozilla Foundation. This means we arent beholden to any shareholders — only to our mission. Along with 60,000 volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozillians design, build and distribute open-source software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms. 
About this team and role:
Fakespot is now part of Mozilla, where our mission to bring trust and transparency back to the eCommerce space is now aligned with ensuring the Internet is a global resource, open and accessible to all. Fakespot leverages machine learning and other state-of-the-art technologies to automatically filter out spurious reviews of products and vendors so consumers can make informed purchasing decisions based on real feedback by real people. This role involves being on the frontline of e-commerce and learning what is necessary to protect shoppers from online scams. Developers in this role will be met with fun but challenging puzzles regarding how to process data and present it to the user without compromising their experience or privacy.
What youll do: 

Develop front-end extension code to scrape, process, and present e-commerce safety data to our users
Implement solutions to protect users in the realm of online shopping
Collaborate with other developers regarding design, implementation, testing, and maintenance

What youll bring: 

Experience working in a fast paced startup environment focused on constant delivery and production system reliability
Minimum 5 years of experience with JavaScriptTypesScript, CSS, and HTML
Minimum 2 years of Ruby on Rails experience
Ability to write efficient algorithms, and clean code

Bonus Points for experience

writing and maintaining tests written with Jest, PlaywrightPuppeteer
working on consumer shopping experiences
writingmaintaining browser extensions
working with react.jsredux

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: D
LI-DNI
Req ID: R2324

