

To learn the Hiring Ranges for this position, please select your location from the Apply Now dropdown menu.
To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Why Mozilla?
Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company behind pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser, and Pocket, the content discovery platform. More than 270 million people around the world use its products each month.Along with 20,000 volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozilla Corporations staff are driven by our vision of becoming the trusted guide to a joyful internet. We design, build and distribute software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms.
This is a new role reporting to our SVP, Strategy  Operations, to accelerate the growth and impact of Mozillas existing products while setting the foundation for new product development through strategy development, planning  governance. You will have an opportunity to drive significant impact at a time when Mozilla is positioned to build software that is unambiguously good for the world at scale. Youll do this by bringing your thought leadership and being a strategic partner to leaders across organizations at Mozilla, and help move the companys vision forward.
If youre interested in helping us take on some of the internets biggest challenges — openness, accessibility, safety, privacy, security, interoperability, individual agency and more, we look forward to learning more about you!
Key Responsibilities:

 Strategic Planning: Develop, analyze, and execute strategic plans across various business units, driving alignment with Mozillas overarching business goals.
 Stakeholder Collaboration: Act as a liaison between executive leadership and operational units, fostering a culture of data-driven decision making.
 Data Analysis  Insight Generation: Utilize analytics, market insights, and competitive analysis to inform strategic initiatives and investment decisions.
Strategic Frameworks: Develop frameworks that simplify complex business questions and facilitate decision-making processes.
Influence  Communication: Use exceptional communication skills to influence key stakeholders, including executives, in favor of strategic initiatives.
Project Management: Own and manage key strategy projects from inception through to completion.
Executive Presentations: Prepare and deliver compelling presentations to all levels of leadership showcasing business plans and enabling clear decision making.
Change Management: Facilitate the smooth implementation of strategic initiatives by collaborating with cross-functional teams.

What youll bring

Minimum 10-12 years of relevant experience, with a background in consulting and subsequent years in technology-focused roles.
Bachelors Degree required; MBA or equivalent strongly preferred.
Demonstrated experience in developing and executing strategic companyproduct plans at technology companies. 
Post-acquisition integration experience preferred but not required.
Strong financial modeling abilities including experience with data analysis tools.
Exceptional communication skills, both verbal and written, with experience in effectively communicating complex strategies to senior leadership.
Strong influencing skills, with the ability to move people to action.
Experience in project management with proven ability to manage multiple projects and priorities simultaneously.
High degree of comfort in fast-paced, ambiguous environments.

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: B
LI-DNI
Req ID: R2394

