Job applications for this role will be closed on November 30, 2023. 
The Mozilla Foundation is a nonprofit public benefit organization. Our mission is to ensure that the Internet is a global public resource, open and accessible to all. Join us and become part of our mission to promote openness, innovation, and opportunity online!
Twenty years ago, this meant building a browser and protecting the open web. Today, it includes making sure AI and data driven technology is more trustworthy. Much of our work is focused on the topic of trustworthy AI to ensure healthy digital lives. For us, this means especially two things: human agency is a core part of how AI is built and integrated, and corporate accountability is real and enforced.
A key part of our strategy is to invest in the innovators at the frontlines of working to make the internet more open, inclusive, decentralized, and secure. Through fellowships and awards, we support these leaders and amplify their important work on issues impacting the health of the internet. 
We are seeking a Program Associate to support our Fellowships and Awards (FA) team. The Program Associate is responsible for providing support in the management of grantmaking and program cycles, including fellowships, awardees and our alumni community. This role is also facilitative, working to connect the work of the FA team internally as well as externally with program participants. The Program Associate will report to the Senior Program Manager, Fellowships  Awards.   
This position requires strong project and relationship management  skills as the Program Associate will partner with multiple Program Officers as well as teams within the Foundation to influence program design and support program delivery. The ability to work in a remote culture that spans multiple time zones, with the median time zone being Eastern Time, is also crucial for this role.
This would be an ideal role for someone who has a passion for building a more open, secure, and inclusive internet and is interested in pursuing a career at the intersection of philanthropy and technology. 
 Join us and become part of our mission to promote openness, innovation, and opportunity online!
Responsibilities:
Advancing Mozillas philanthropic mission:

Support Program Officers throughout various grantmakingprogram life cycles, including the design and implementation of the application and selection process, program accompaniment, documentation of learnings and impacts, and our alumni community  
Research issues, programs, and organizations in line with Mozilla Foundation funding strategies  
Work closely with similar roles across the Foundation to connect work internally, share learning, coordinate planning, facilitate connection, and steward shared knowledge systems
Prepare memos, research briefs, presentations andor other materials as requested by  the Director, Fellowships  Awards and other team members
Collaborate with the other teams at Mozilla on special initiatives and cross-programmatic activities

Providing programmatic support for the Fellowships  Awards team:

Support Program Officers in preparing cohort plans, including assessing awardeefellowcohort support needs, drafting materials, and scheduling meetings.  
Give to the design and implementation of convenings within and across funding streams, playing a facilitative role to help awardees and fellows take advantage of the many benefits of being in relationship with the Foundation and one another. 
Help to facilitate participant engagement at Mozilla hosted events like MozFest
Work in close conjunction with colleagues in other teams to build alignment on program implementation, impact measurements, and other related elements, sharing strategies and resources where possible 
Identify and advise on ways to improve processes

Facilitating the open sharing of learning from FA programs:

Help synthesize relevant field research and internal research findings, including lessons from grant cycles, to advance program strategies and advise future funding
Assist with tracking and detailing fellowawardee work, learning, and outcomes on an ongoing basis, including reviewing and providing analysis on interim and final reports, participating in fellowawardeecohort meetings, and supervising other news, research, and outcomes  
Actively contribute to a cross-team effort to maintain and improve internal and external knowledge systems, ensuring the integrity of data and the consistency of program coding   
Build periodic reports that visualize, analyze, and summarize common themes across the programs grantmaking portfolios, for the purpose of shared team and Foundation-wide learning as well as for external publication 
Support and attend philanthropic advocacy events such as funder conferences, funder briefings and webinars, external partner andor grantee events and presentations, as approved

Key Deliverables  Outcomes

Support the  implementation of  programming that lifts leaders in the movement for a healthier internet
Fellows, grantee partners, and community members have the resources they need  to thrive 
Analysis of data to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of programs in meeting their defined goals 
Shared processes and practices exist to capture and share knowledge within and across funding streams 

Your Professional Profile 

At least 3 years of relevant job experience
Knowledge of relevant topics related to the impact of technology on people and society
Effective interpersonal skills and demonstrated ability to interact professionally with diverse stakeholders, both internal and external, across varied geographies
Experience working both independently and collaboratively in a high-volume, remote, and geographically distributed environment
Proven track record to conduct research and analysis, for synthesizing sophisticated topics (and ideally, technical topics) into engaging and creative communications
Project management skills, including experience developing new processes

We Are Excited To See Any Additional Experience With:

Familiarity with grant projects, either through grant management responsibilities or through roles in philanthropy
Experience managing and contributing to a culture of learning
Experience using Fluxx, Salesforce, and Airtable 

Salary and Benefits Information:
The Mozilla Foundation is dedicated to fair and equitable compensation for our staff. We aim to pay a competitive and market-based salary based on the responsibilities and requirements of the role. We do not ask for, or take into account, salary histories in our offer process.
The starting salary ranges for this role are listed below. These four countries are where we most commonly employ staff.

Germany: [49,031 - 55,116] [target salary offer - 50,579]
UK: [40,629 - 45,672] [target salary offer - 41,912]
Canada: [84,645 - 95,150] [target salary offer - 87,318]
US: [62,700 - 70,481] [target salary offer - 64,680]

Some regions fall into a higher salary market and this is reflected in the example ranges below: 

London:  [50,787 - 57,090] [target salary offer - 52,390]
New York: [78,375 - 88,102] [target salary offer - 80,850]

The range for your specific location will be discussed in screening conversations if your application is successful.
We offer the following benefits:

Private Medical Insurance
Extended Sick Leave
Global Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Retirement Plan contributions
Paid Time Off: 20 days annual leave  sick days and your birthday  
Company Holidays  Shutdown
Wellness budget
Professional Development budget
Top up program for Pregnancy and Parental leaves

Benefits are subject to change at any time at the discretion of Mozilla Foundation.
Mozilla Foundation Hiring Practices:
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission. We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, and persons of all sexual orientations and gender identities and expressions.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at accommodationmozillafoundation.org. 
Group: DLI-REMOTE