

The Company
A lot of companies say theyre mission-driven. Our unique corporate structure guarantees that every decision we make upholds our mission: to make sure the internet stays available, safe, and welcoming to everyone. Beholden to neither shareholders nor investors, Mozilla Corporation is wholly owned by the not-for-profit Mozilla Foundation.
Along with 20,000 volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozilla Corporations staff designs, builds, and distributes software that allows people to enjoy the internet on their own terms. Our flagship product — the Firefox browser — has expanded into a family of products that protects users and alerts them of risks.
The Team and Opportunity
Firefox is used by hundreds of millions worldwide and the Sr. Staff Product Manager for Generative AI and Productivity will own how we bring intelligent features to the browser to help make users more productive while browsing. The role will lead the product strategy and execution for productivity features and help create a more intelligent browser. In the role, youll combine product excellence and strong technical skills.
Key Responsibilities

Design and drive product strategy for new features that help users be more productive online
Become an inspiring thought leader and subject matter expert on generative AI features in browsers and how they can enable productivity
Drive product discovery to ensure we are solving concrete customer problems
Collaborate cross functionally with engineering and UX to deliver new features across desktop and mobile browsers
Collaborate with marketing to bring new features to market (GTM)
Build and own the roadmap for productivity generative AI features for Firefox
Partner with business development, engineering, and others to determine which features are built in-house and which are partnership opportunities
Drive experimentation and develop success metrics

Qualifications

8 years of product management experience
5 years of shipping consumer products andor features
Experience shipping customer facing features that leverage AI to improve productivity
Excellent written and verbal communications skills, including with senior executives
Experience with AB testing and developing success metrics
Drive independently at high velocity towards an aligned strategy
Skill and experience driving external partner engagements and discussions

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: C
LI-DNI
Req ID: R2266

