Why Mozilla?
Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company behind pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser, and Pocket, a service for keeping up with the best articles online. More than 225 million people around the world use its products each month.
Along with 60,000 volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozilla Corporations staff are driven by our mission to ensure the internet is a global public resource, open and accessible to all. We design, build and distribute open-source software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms. 
About this team and role:
Fakespot is now part of Mozilla, where our mission to bring trust and transparency back to the eCommerce space is now aligned with ensuring the Internet is a global resource, open and accessible to all. Fakespot leverages machine learning, and other state-of-the-art technologies to detect spurious product reviews and vendors so consumers can make informed purchasing decisions based on real feedback by real people. Fakespot also facilitates the shoppers decision making process by utilizing language models to interactively summarize and highlight product features.  
At the Fakespot team, you will have the opportunity to play a crucial role in bringing trustworthy tools to millions of Firefox and Fakespot users.  By joining our team, you will be at the forefront of ethical and responsible AI, and contribute to a trustworthy Internet. 
What youll do:

Apply statistical and machine learning techniques to process and analyze unstructured textual data
Develop and finetune machine learning models for tasks such as entity recognition, classification, and text generation
Utilize pretrained language models (e.g. GPT, LLAMA) and adapt them for specific use cases
Optimize the models for production usage, including considerations for scalability, latency, and resource
Monitor and refine deployed models for performance and efficiency, and conduct troubleshooting when necessary
Work closely with interdisciplinary teams to deliver high-quality features and solutions
Stay current with advancements in NLP research, methodologies, and best practices

What youll bring:

A bachelors degree in Statistics, Computer Science, related technical field, or equivalent practical experience
A minimum of 3 years of experience in a quantitative role, ideally as a machine learning engineer or a data scientist
Knowledge of and experience with Natural Language Processing (NLP)
Proficiency in a data query language (e.g. SQL), and a programming language (e.g. Python)   
Demonstrable experience with the full lifecycle of machine learning models - from development to deployment and monitoring
Being an excellent team player with a proven ability to work effectively in cross-functional teams, showing a high degree of collaboration, flexibility, and respect for diverse perspectives
Commitment to our values:

Welcoming differences
Being relationship-minded
Practicing responsible participation
Having grit


Bonus Points For

An advanced degree (master or PhD) in a quantitative field
A deep understanding of deep learning, reinforcement learning, and natural language processing
Experience with cloud platforms such as AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure, and familiarity with related machine learning services
Experience with big data technologies like Hadoop, Spark, or similar
Demonstrated prior experience with large language models, and generative AI 
Enthusiasm in bringing trust to the e-commerce platforms and beyond

What youll get:

Generous performance-based bonus plans to all regular employees - we share in our success as one team
Rich medical, dental, and vision coverage
Generous retirement contributions with 100 immediate vesting (regardless of whether you contribute)
Quarterly all-company wellness days where everyone takes a pause together
Country specific holidays plus a day off for your birthday
One-time home office stipend
Annual professional development budget
Quarterly well-being stipend
Considerable paid parental leave
Employee referral bonus program
Other benefits (lifeADD, disability, EAP, etc. - varies by country)

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: E
LI-REMOTE
Req ID: R2287To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Hiring Ranges:Canada Tier 1 Locations105,000—150,000 CADCanada Tier 2 Locations95,000—135,000 CAD