To learn the Hiring Ranges for this position, please select your location from the Apply Now dropdown menu.
To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
The Company
Our unique corporate structure guarantees that every decision we make upholds our mission: to make sure the internet stays available, safe, and welcoming to everyone. Beholden to neither shareholders nor investors, Mozilla Corporation is wholly owned by the not-for-profit Mozilla Foundation
Along with 20,000 volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozilla Corporations staff designs, builds, and distributes software that allows people to enjoy the internet on their own terms. Our flagship product — the Firefox browser — has expanded into a family of products that protects users and alerts them of risks.
The Team and Opportunity
Firefox is used by hundreds of millions worldwide and the Director of Product, Privacy  Platform is a critical role in the product management team. The role will lead a team of PMs and managers, and be responsible for the product strategy, vision, and execution of our investments in creating a dependable and trusted browser. In the role, youll combine product excellence, strong technical skills, and strong leadership skills.
Key Responsibilities

Own and define the vision, strategy, and roadmap for our privacy, security and platform investments
Define the product strategy for our Gecko platform, as an independent browser engine
Define the ecosystem strategy for Firefox add-ons
Drive delivery of the privacy, security, and platform roadmaps
Partner closely with UX, research, engineering, and marketing teams
Synthesize market changes and the technologypeopleskills investments needed to deliver great experiences
Help identify new investment areas and product opportunities 
Contribute to building a world-class product team

Qualifications

10 years of product management experience, including impactful leadership roles on major products
5 years of direct PM management experience
Experience working on a technical platform product
Skill and experience driving partner engagements and discussions
Experience delivering AI-driven consumer facing features
Drive independently at high velocity towards an aligned strategy
Excellent written and verbal communications skills

Dont tick all of the boxes but think youd be a great fit? Apply, wed love to hear from you!
About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: B
LI-DNI
Req ID: R2329