About The Role:
We are looking for a Public Policy Manager with a focus on Product Policy to join our dynamic team. In this pivotal role, you will collaborate with our internal product and engineering teams to provide expert advice on public policy implications related to the rollout of new products in different markets. Your insights will be crucial in navigating the complex regulatory landscapes, ensuring our products not only meet legal standards but also contribute to a safer and more open internet in line with our Manifesto.As this role involves working with multiple stakeholders across teams, geographies and Mozilla entities, strong project management and organisational skills will be essential.
Responsibilities:

Work closely with internal product and engineering teams to understand the features and regulatory implications of products being developed.
Proactively identify potential public policy challenges associated with product rollouts and provide strategic advice to mitigate these risks.
Develop and maintain strong relationships with key internal stakeholders to ensure the integration of public policy considerations in the product development process.
Represent Mozilla in external forums, industry groups, and other public venues on policy issues related to product policy, and ensure our views are accurately and effectively communicated.
Engage with policymakers, regulatory authorities, and other stakeholders to advocate for policy frameworks that support the open web and Mozillas product initiatives.
Translate complex technical concepts into clear, concise, and actionable policy insights and recommendations.
Create and maintain documentation regarding regulatory requirements, compliance, and policy considerations for various markets.
Coordinate with global policy, legal and the Mozilla Foundations teams to ensure consistency in policy positions and advocacy efforts across different jurisdictions.
Monitor, analyse, and communicate internally about emerging policy issues, regulatory developments, and global trends affecting Mozillas products and services.

Qualifications:

A bachelors degree in public policy, law, or a related field; advanced degree preferred.
A minimum of 5 years of experience in public policy, legal, or a related field, preferably with a focus on technology and digital policy.
Strong understanding of the tech industry and digital policy landscape.
Proven ability to work effectively with multidisciplinary teams of engineers, product managers, and other technical experts.
Excellent communication skills with the ability to convey complex issues clearly and with precision.
Strong negotiation and advocacy skills, with a track record of effective external representation.
Ability to work independently, prioritize effectively, and manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment.

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: C
LI-REMOTE
Req ID: R2399
Belgium compensation ranges: 55,000.00 - 81,000.00