

To learn the Hiring Ranges for this position, please select your location from the Apply Now dropdown menu.
To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Firefox is where the information you need and the web you use come together to get things done. Extensions and integrations help Firefox users go beyond the basic web, putting them at the center of their online experience, shaping the internet to their needs.
Mozilla is looking for an experienced product manager to bring out the best in browser extensibility, delivering powerful experiences to Firefox users around the world. This role is focused on the end-user experience, beginning with the discovery of extensions online and continuing through the extension experience in Firefox itself. Help us spot opportunities and lead initiatives, crafting a premiere extension ecosystem for Firefox!
As the Staff Product Manager for Firefox Extensions, you will

Own the experience for extensions inside of Firefox, including discovery, installation, management, engagement, and troubleshooting.
Assume product leadership for Firefoxs online extension store, guiding design and development that make finding and using Firefox extensions a frictionless experience.
Bring innovative product discovery and experimentation techniques to identify new surfaces in Firefox where extensions can make a difference.
Identify and prioritize user needs and enable new use cases for extensions that contribute to a complete Firefox strategy.
Build a streamlined user journey, from initial contact and on-boarding through installation and use

Your Professional profile

Product Management experience leading and optimizing user-facing web properties with millions of monthly users
Proven collaborator with engineering and designers, leading iterations of development towards an optimal user experience
Excellent planning and project management skills; demonstrated ability to drive roadmaps, effectively handling priorities to meet requirements in a multifaceted and fast paced environment, while working on different projects simultaneously
Solid understanding of technical software architectures and data infrastructure principles
A relationship builder, dedicated to conveying truth, not necessarily garnering consensus
Superb written and verbal communication skills
Team oriented, driven and open to receiving feedback, coaching, and direction

Bonus points

Familiarity with foundational web technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Experience working with or supporting extensions in a software product
Comfortable working as part of a distributed team with remote colleagues

About Mozilla 
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.
Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the companys core mission.  We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.
We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodationmozilla.com to request accommodation.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.  Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.
Group: C
LI-REMOTE
Req ID: R2378

To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.
Hiring Ranges:US Tier 1 Locations195,000—283,000 USDUS Tier 2 Locations179,000—261,000 USDUS Tier 3 Locations166,000—241,000 USD