We are looking for a Test Engineer who will proactively identify weaknesses in our systems and validate their behavior under stressful and unpredictable conditions. If you are passionate about cloud, have a strong attention to detail, and thrive in a fast-paced start-up environment, we want to hear from you!
In this role you will

Prepare test environments, including hardware, software, and network configurations, to simulate production environments accurately.
Design chaos experiments and conduct controlled chaos testing scenarios to uncover weaknesses, evaluate system behavior, and measure the systems ability to recover from failures.
Define chaos testing criteria, metrics, and benchmarks to assess system performance, reliability, and fault tolerance.
Integrate testing activities into CICD pipelines.
Monitor and analyze system performance metrics, such as response time, throughput, and resource utilization.
Identify process gaps or inefficiencies in the testing process and CICD pipelines and suggest improvements.
Participate in on-call rotations to handle and resolve critical issues.

Qualifications:

5 years of experience in a similar position (System QA Engineer).
Strong programming skills (preferably in Python) for automation and scripting purposes.
Strong understanding of system architecture, distributed systems, and fault tolerance principles.
Knowledge of continuous integration and deployment (CICD) pipelines and their integration with chaos testing.
Familiarity with cloud-based infrastructure, containerization technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes), and infrastructure-as-code (IaC) concepts.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills to work effectively with cross-functional teams.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, with a passion for continuous learning and improvement.

About Neon
Neon is building open-source cloud-native PostgreSQL. Our architecture separates storage from compute, allowing for stateless and serverless Postgres. Were a well funded startup with deep knowledge of Postgres internals and decades of experience building databases. We are a systems company; we work on low-level code with strict performance and correctness requirements.
Neon was created by a team of Postgres hackers, and led by CEO Nikita Shamgunov (co-founder of SingleStore). Neon is built on open-source principles and is focused on giving back to the Postgres and developer communities.
Our Team

We are a distributed team of 60 people working from 22 countries (concentrating around North America and Europe time zones)
We are a team built on open sources cultural principles (transparency, contribution, accountability, proactivity)
Team with decades of experience building databases and deep knowledge of Postgres internals. We are deeply technical
We have experienced Postgres committers and hackers on the team (check Heikki, Anastasia, Arseny, Matthias profiles)
We believe in the efficacy of collaborative open source
We aim for a diversity of thoughts and backgrounds
We are keen to be a fast-moving flat org and avoid hierarchical structures

Our Investors

Top-tier investors backed up Neons vision:

We raised 104 million in funding from Menlo Ventures, GGV, Khosla Ventures, General Catalyst, Founders Fund. 
Venture vehicles of Snowflake and Databricks invested in Neon.
Our angels investors are prominent technologists, and ecosystem players. More than 20 awesome angels supported Neon, including Nat Friedman, Elad Gil, Mike Ovitz, Ajeet Singh, Guillermo Rauch, Sren Brammer Schmidt, and Wes McKinney.
Our Board includes Quentin Clark, Glenn Solomon, Joe Morrissey, and Tim Tully. 



Our Offer

You have an opportunity to be an early employee in the fast-scaling ambitious team
You can work 100 remote: well handle all formalities to arrange work from your home
We pay top of the market in most parts of the world
We grant equity (stock options) for all full-time hires
We offer a competitive benefits package in line with all tech companies (top-notch equipment, unlimited vacations, paid parental leaves, and much more)
We are distributed, yet make our bonds during regular offsites (the last one was in Cyprus)
