Neon is an open-source company on a mission to create a cloud-native database service for every developer.
We are looking for an experienced Site Reliability Engineer to manage our cloud offering. 
You will

Join an experienced team and contribute to the foundation all of Neon is built upon
Contribute to building a stable and cost-efficient infrastructure foundation
Play a key role in ensuring we are proactive instead of reactive on infrastructure
Coach your fellow engineers on cloud and infrastructure topics
Be ready to join an on-call rotation

Were looking for someone who has

4 years experience working in site reliability engineering
Experience with cloud infrastructure components in Azure
Experience in a complex Linux infrastructure environment
Experience focusing on building repeatable and cost-efficient infrastructure
Experience building solutions for problems with no answers on Google
Bare-metal experience is beneficial

Our stack: AWS, Azure, Terraform
About Neon
Neon is building open-source cloud-native PostgreSQL. Our architecture separates storage from compute, allowing for stateless and serverless Postgres. Were a well funded startup with deep knowledge of Postgres internals and decades of experience building databases. We are a systems company; we work on low-level code with strict performance and correctness requirements.
Neon was created by a team of Postgres hackers, and led by CEO Nikita Shamgunov (co-founder of SingleStore). Neon is built on open-source principles and is focused on giving back to the Postgres and developer communities.
Our Team

We are a distributed team of 75 people working from 25 countries (concentrating around North America and Europe time zones)
We are a team built on open sources cultural principles (transparency, contribution, accountability, proactivity)
Team with decades of experience building databases and deep knowledge of Postgres internals. We are deeply technical
We have experienced Postgres committers and hackers on the team (check Heikki, Anastasia, Arseny, Matthias profiles)
We believe in the efficacy of collaborative open source
We aim for a diversity of thoughts and backgrounds
We are keen to be a fast-moving flat org and avoid hierarchical structures

Our Investors

Top-tier investors backed up Neons vision:

We raised 104 million in funding from Menlo Ventures, GGV, Khosla Ventures, General Catalyst, Founders Fund. 
Venture vehicles of Snowflake and Databricks invested in Neon.
Our angels investors are prominent technologists, and ecosystem players. More than 20 awesome angels supported Neon, including Nat Friedman, Elad Gil, Mike Ovitz, Ajeet Singh, Guillermo Rauch, Sren Brammer Schmidt, and Wes McKinney.
Our Board includes Quentin Clark, Glenn Solomon, Joe Morrissey, and Tim Tully. 



Our Offer

You have an opportunity to be an early employee in the fast-scaling ambitious team
You can work 100 remote: well handle all formalities to arrange work from your home
We pay top of the market in most parts of the world
We grant equity (stock options) for all full-time hires
We offer a competitive benefits package in line with all tech companies (top-notch equipment, unlimited vacations, paid parental leaves, and much more)
We are distributed, yet make our bonds during regular offsites (the last one was in Cyprus)

Our Hiring Process
We like to keep things and get awesome people fast. We aim to complete a hiring process within 2 weeks from the moment we review your application. 

The entire hiring process is fully remote.
Once you have submitted your CV, our team will review them, and we can contact you to schedule an initial call with a recruiter.
If we move on to the next steps, you will have two 1:1 calls with our Infra Team and a culture-add interview.
Once all the interviews are over, our team will swiftly analyze the results of all the steps, run a reference check, and present the final decision.
