We are seeking a talented and dedicated QA Engineer to join our Product Engineering team. As a QA Engineer, you will play a crucial role in ensuring the quality of our product. You will collaborate closely with the Engineering team to design and execute test plans, identify and track defects, and provide valuable feedback for product improvement.
This is an exciting opportunity to contribute to the success of our company by helping us deliver exceptional and bug-free software to our users.
You will:

Ensure the quality of our product: console (web-service for managing neon projects), CLI, APIs, integrations, demo apps.
Design and develop well-structured test plans, test cases, and test scripts based on product features and user stories.
Execute both manual and automated tests to validate software functionality, usability, and performance.
Perform a variety of tests, including end-to-end, regression, smoke, usability, integration, etc.
Identify, document, and track software defects, and work with the Engineering team to ensure their timely resolution.
Participate in the feature development process from start to finish alongside Engineering and Product teams.
Work proactively to identify potential areas of improvement in the software development process to enhance overall product quality.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure a smooth integration of QA processes throughout the product development lifecycle.
Continuously stay updated with industry best practices and QA methodologies to implement efficient and effective testing strategies.
Participate in on-call rotations to handle and resolve critical issues.

Were looking for someone who has:

3 years of experience in a QA role with the following products: databases, distributed systems, developer tools, SaaS products.
Proficiency in manual testing techniques and familiarity with various testing methodologies.
Solid understanding of software QA methodologies, tools, and processes.
Hands-on experience with Javascript or Python.
Familiarity with Playwright  Selenium  Cypress and Postman.
Familiarity with bug tracking systems and version control tools.
Experience in building test frameworksprocesses for a product or working with a well established ones.
Excellent communication skills and ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams.

Additional bonus:

Experience in a startup or hyper-growth environment.
Knowledge of performance testing, security testing, or other specialized testing areas.
Software Engineering background.

About Neon
Neon is building open-source cloud-native PostgreSQL. Our architecture separates storage from compute, allowing for stateless and serverless Postgres. Were a well funded startup with deep knowledge of Postgres internals and decades of experience building databases. We are a systems company; we work on low-level code with strict performance and correctness requirements.
Neon was created by a team of Postgres hackers, and led by CEO Nikita Shamgunov (co-founder of SingleStore). Neon is built on open-source principles and is focused on giving back to the Postgres and developer communities.
Our Team

We are a distributed team of 60 people working from 22 countries (concentrating around North America and Europe time zones)
We are a team built on open sources cultural principles (transparency, contribution, accountability, proactivity)
Team with decades of experience building databases and deep knowledge of Postgres internals. We are deeply technical
We have experienced Postgres committers and hackers on the team (check Heikki, Anastasia, Arseny, Matthias profiles)
We believe in the efficacy of collaborative open source
We aim for a diversity of thoughts and backgrounds
We are keen to be a fast-moving flat org and avoid hierarchical structures

Our Investors

Top-tier investors backed up Neons vision:

We raised 104 million in funding from Menlo Ventures, GGV, Khosla Ventures, General Catalyst, Founders Fund. 
Venture vehicles of Snowflake and Databricks invested in Neon.
Our angels investors are prominent technologists, and ecosystem players. More than 20 awesome angels supported Neon, including Nat Friedman, Elad Gil, Mike Ovitz, Ajeet Singh, Guillermo Rauch, Sren Brammer Schmidt, and Wes McKinney.
Our Board includes Quentin Clark, Glenn Solomon, Joe Morrissey, and Tim Tully. 



Our Offer

You have an opportunity to be an early employee in the fast-scaling ambitious team
You can work 100 remote: well handle all formalities to arrange work from your home
We pay top of the market in most parts of the world
We grant equity (stock options) for all full-time hires
We offer a competitive benefits package in line with all tech companies (top-notch equipment, unlimited vacations, paid parental leaves, and much more)
We are distributed, yet make our bonds during regular offsites (the last one was in Cyprus)
