Neon is an open-source company on a mission to create a cloud-native Postgres database as a service for every developer.
Neon is a distributed team building an open-source cloud-native Postgres. Were a well-funded startup with deep knowledge of Postgres internals and decades of experience building databases. Our storage layer is written in Rust, cloud control plane is written in Go. Were on a mission to create a cloud-native database service for every developer.
We are looking for an experienced Backend Engineer who will contribute to the development of our Billing System. In this position you will work at the forefront of our mission to enhance billing components. You will collaborate with our talented team to architect and implement backend solutions that redefine how businesses and users consume billing information.
You will:

Work on the backend for Neon Cloud applications
Join an experienced Golang team and contribute to the development of new features for the Billing
Own feature end-to-end from participating in the design process to iterating based on stakeholders feedback after it has been shipped
Communicate with various teams and external partners to consolidate requirements and ensure a seamless user experience in handling billing information
Keep the bar high for the code quality and internal devX
Participate in on-call rotations to handle and resolve critical issues

Were looking for someone who has

3 years experience developing backend apps (at least 1 year of the recent Golang experience)
Exposure to infrastructure technologies such as Kubernetes, Docker, GitHub Actions, cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.)
Participated in building highly-available, data-driven systems using message brokers, like Kafka, AWS Kinesis; and databases like ClickHouse, Cassandra, Postgres (TimescaleDB), etc.
Bonus Skills: Experience with financial systems or payment gateways is advantageous but not mandatory.

About Neon
Neon is building open-source cloud-native PostgreSQL. Our architecture separates storage from compute, allowing for stateless and serverless Postgres. Were a well funded startup with deep knowledge of Postgres internals and decades of experience building databases. We are a systems company; we work on low-level code with strict performance and correctness requirements.
 
Neon was created by a team of Postgres hackers, and led by CEO Nikita Shamgunov (co-founder of SingleStore). Neon is built on open-source principles and is focused on giving back to the Postgres and developer communities.
Our Team

We are distributed team of 65 people working from 23 countries (concentrating around North America and Europe time zones)
We are team built on open sources cultural principles (transparency, contribution, accountability, proactivity)
Team with decades of experience building databases and deep knowledge of Postgres internals. We are deeply technical
We have experienced Postgres committers and hackers on the team (check Heikki, Anastasia, Arseny, Matthias profiles)
We believe in the efficacy of collaborative open source
We aim for a diversity of thoughts and backgrounds
We are keen to be a fast-moving flat org and avoid hierarchical structures

Our Investors

Top-tier investors backed up Neons vision:

We raised 104 million in funding from Menlo Ventures, GGV, Khosla Ventures, General Catalyst, Founders Fund.
Venture vehicles of Snowflake and Databricks invested in Neon.
Our angels investors are prominent technologists, and ecosystem players. More than 20 awesome angels supported Neon, including Nat Friedman, Elad Gil, Mike Ovitz, Ajeet Singh, Guillermo Rauch, Sren Brammer Schmidt, and Wes McKinney.
Our Board includes Quentin Clark, Glenn Solomon, Joe Morrissey, and Tim Tully.



Our Offer

You have an opportunity to be an early employee in the fast-scaling ambitious team
You can work 100 remote: well handle all formalities to arrange work from your home
We pay top of the market in most parts of the world
We grant equity (stock options) for all full-time hires
We offer a competitive benefits package in line with all tech companies (top-notch equipment, unlimited vacations, paid parental leaves and much more)
We are distributed, yet make our bonds during regular offsites (the last one was in Cyprus)

Hiring Process
We like to keep things and get awesome people fast. Our goal is to get a hiring process done within a week from the moment we reviewed your application.

The entire hiring process is fully remote.
Once you have submitted your CV, our team will review it and we can contact you to schedule an initial call with a Talent Acquisition Partner.
If we move on to the next steps, you will have 3 interviews with our Hiring Team. All interviews are 1:1 with our Software Engineers and usually last 45-60 minutes.
Once all the interviews are over, our team will swiftly analyze the results of all the steps and present the final decision.
