As our First Founding Account Executive, youll be on the ground floor of an incredible opportunity to pair product-led adoption and growth with hands-on outreach. This is a unique opportunity to work directly with the founding GTM leadership to help build out a repeatable and scalable sales motion.
Our ideal candidate for this role is a someone who is excited to cut their teeth as the first sales hire in a small, scrappy team and who is looking to be here for the long run. You should be excited about the idea of stepping into a role that we dont have a perfect template for, where youll get to really define what our sales motions and processes look like and pursue opportunities with a lot of autonomy and empowerment.
Location: US-based
Job Type: Full-Time
Key Responsibilities:

Manage prospects from lead generation to onboarding. That includes everything from prospecting, discovery, demos, negotiation, and successful deal closures.
Clearly articulate and demonstrate Neons value proposition, creating excitement and enthusiasm among prospects.
Build and maintain strong relationships with clients, understanding their needs and providing tailored solutions.
Maintain weekly sales forecast and achieve quota monthly.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including marketing, product, engineering and customer support, to ensure seamless customer experiences.
Adapt to changing market conditions and evolving company goals with resilience and creativity.

Qualifications:

2-5 years of relevant selling experience, bonus if you have sold to technical buyers (Head of Eng Product  CTO).
Previous SaaS and enterprise software experience.
Previous outbound prospecting experience.
Demonstrated success in achieving sales goals.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Comfortable working in a fast paced dynamic startup environment.
Self-motivated with an entrepreneurial spirit and a results-oriented mindset.
Comfortable selling to and navigating through multiple decision makers in an organization.

Who You Are:

Someone that can lead the full sales cycle - this is not a role that is supported by a SDR
Self-starter who finds comfort and excitement in helping build a company
Passionate about being a founding startup member

About Neon
Neon is building open-source cloud-native PostgreSQL. Our architecture separates storage from compute, allowing for stateless and serverless Postgres. Were a well funded startup with deep knowledge of Postgres internals and decades of experience building databases. We are a systems company; we work on low-level code with strict performance and correctness requirements.
Neon was created by a team of Postgres hackers, and led by CEO Nikita Shamgunov (co-founder of SingleStore). Neon is built on open-source principles and is focused on giving back to the Postgres and developer communities.
Our Team

We are a distributed team of 65 people working from 24 countries (concentrating around North America and Europe time zones)
We are a team built on open sources cultural principles (transparency, contribution, accountability, proactivity)
Team with decades of experience building databases and deep knowledge of Postgres internals. We are deeply technical
We have experienced Postgres committers and hackers on the team (check Heikki, Anastasia, Arseny, Matthias profiles)
We believe in the efficacy of collaborative open source
We aim for a diversity of thoughts and backgrounds
We are keen to be a fast-moving flat org and avoid hierarchical structures

Our Investors

Top-tier investors backed up Neons vision:

We raised 104 million in funding from Menlo Ventures, GGV, Khosla Ventures, General Catalyst, Founders Fund. 
Venture vehicles of Snowflake and Databricks invested in Neon.
Our angels investors are prominent technologists, and ecosystem players. More than 20 awesome angels supported Neon, including Nat Friedman, Elad Gil, Mike Ovitz, Ajeet Singh, Guillermo Rauch, Sren Brammer Schmidt, and Wes McKinney.
Our Board includes Quentin Clark, Glenn Solomon, Joe Morrissey, and Tim Tully. 



Our Offer

Opportunity to take on significant responsibility and ownership in building out the sales motion at Neon.
Ongoing training and professional development.
Fully remote working environment: well handle all formalities to arrange work from your home.
We pay top of the market in most parts of the world.
We grant equity (stock options) for all full-time hires.
We offer a competitive benefits package in line with all tech companies (top-notch equipment, unlimited vacations, paid parental leaves, and much more).
We are distributed, yet make our bonds during regular offsites (the last one was in Cyprus).
