Neon is an open-source company on a mission to create a cloud-native Postgres database as a service for every developer
We are looking for an Engineering Manager who will manage and scale a distributed team of top-performing Systems Software Engineers.
You drive engineering happiness and growth, both on a personal and professional level. You ensure delivery of a game-changing PostgreSQL solution on time and with quality.
You will

Manage a distributed team of 10 people located in various time zones across USA  Europe
Remove obstacles that impact team productivity to build a high-performing team
Spend a significant part of your time coaching and helping engineers to thrive and grow: evaluate performance, support career plans
Participate in code reviews, code 50 of the time (a big part is low-level system coding)
Pair with tech leaders and products to build an efficient process that defeats tech debt, improves code quality, and minimizes the time to market
Maintain a healthy on-call process for the team
Expand our impact by interviewing and hiring great Software Engineers

We are looking for someone who has

Recent 3 years of experience in an Engineering Management role, 5 years in system coding (Rust, C, C)
Background in buildingmanaging teams for a cloud service or a platform
Experience developing databases or storage systems
Traction in managing and scaling remote distributed teams at various timezones
Proven coaching ability, including strong communication, emotional IQ, and prioritization skills
Experience in planning and delivering experimental features, and overseeing execution to deliver with predictability
Experience in implementing tools, processes, and resolving blockages
Excellent English verbal and writing skills (native or near-native speaker)
Data-driven, curious, have attention to detail, passion for CS papers, and biased to stay up to date with the latest trends in storage systems
Experience with open-source projects and developing publicly is a plus

About Neon
Neon is building open-source cloud-native PostgreSQL. Our architecture separates storage from compute, allowing for stateless and serverless Postgres. Were a well funded startup with deep knowledge of Postgres internals and decades of experience building databases. We are a systems company; we work on low-level code with strict performance and correctness requirements.
Neon was created by a team of Postgres hackers and led by CEO Nikita Shamgunov (co-founder of SingleStore). Neon is built on open-source principles and is focused on giving back to the Postgres and developer communities.
Our Team

We are a distributed team of 60 people working from 22 countries (concentrating around North America and Europe time zones)
We are a team built on open sources cultural principles (transparency, contribution, accountability, proactivity)
Team with decades of experience building databases and deep knowledge of Postgres internals. We are deeply technical
We have experienced Postgres committers and hackers on the team (check Heikki, Anastasia, Arseny, Matthias profiles)
We believe in the efficacy of collaborative open source
We aim for a diversity of thoughts and backgrounds
We are keen to be a fast-moving flat org and avoid hierarchical structures

Our Investors

Top-tier investors backed up Neons vision:

We raised 104 million in funding from Menlo Ventures, GGV, Khosla Ventures, General Catalyst, Founders Fund.
Venture vehicles of Snowflake and Databricks invested in Neon.
Our angels investors are prominent technologists, and ecosystem players. More than 20 awesome angels supported Neon, including Nat Friedman, Elad Gil, Mike Ovitz, Ajeet Singh, Guillermo Rauch, Sren Brammer Schmidt, and Wes McKinney.
Our Board includes Quentin Clark, Glenn Solomon, Joe Morrissey, and Tim Tully.



Our Offer

You have an opportunity to be an early employee in the fast-scaling ambitious team
You can work 100 remote: well handle all formalities to arrange work from your home
We pay top of the market in most parts of the world
We grant equity (stock options) to all full-time hires
We offer a competitive benefits package in line with all tech companies (top-notch equipment, unlimited vacations, paid parental leaves, and much more)
We are distributed, yet make our bonds during regular offsites (the last one was in Cyprus)
