Neon is an open-source company on a mission to create a cloud-native Postgres database as a service for every developer
We are looking for a Marketing Operations Specialist who will play a crucial role in optimizing our marketing processes and driving efficiency across the marketing activities. You will be responsible for managing and enhancing our CRM systems, overseeing marketing campaign tracking and analytics, and leveraging marketing tools like Marketo to create and execute effective email campaigns.
Key Responsibilities
CRM Management:

Administer and maintain marketing data in our CRM system, ensuring data accuracy and completeness.
Implement best practices for lead scoring, segmentation, and data hygiene.
Collaborate with salesdeveloper relations teams to ensure alignment between marketing and sales processes.

Marketing Campaign Tracking and Analytics:

Develop and implement tracking mechanisms to monitor the performance of marketing campaigns.
Analyze data to derive actionable insights and make data-driven recommendations for optimization.

Marketing Tools Expertise:

Utilize marketing automation tools like Marketo to plan, execute, and analyze email campaigns.

Email Campaigns:

Plan, create, and execute email marketing campaigns to nurture leads and engage customers.
Optimize email deliverability, open rates, click-through rates, and conversion rates.

Conversion and Funnel Tracking:

Implement and monitor tracking mechanisms to measure conversion rates and analyze marketing funnels.
Identify bottlenecks and areas for improvement in the conversion process.

We are looking for someone who has

Bachelors degree in Marketing, Business, or a related field.
4 years of experience in marketing operations (preferably in a developer-focused product), with a focus on CRM management marketing analytics and email campaigns.
Strong proficiency in CRM systems (e.g., Salesforce, HubSpot) and marketing automation tools (e.g., Marketo).
Proven experience in email campaign management and optimization.
Exceptional analytical skills and the ability to translate data into actionable insights.
Strong project management skills with the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills.

About Neon
Neon is building open-source cloud-native PostgreSQL. Our architecture separates storage from compute, allowing for stateless and serverless Postgres. Were a well funded startup with deep knowledge of Postgres internals and decades of experience building databases. We are a systems company; we work on low-level code with strict performance and correctness requirements.
Neon was created by a team of Postgres hackers and led by CEO Nikita Shamgunov (co-founder of SingleStore). Neon is built on open-source principles and is focused on giving back to the Postgres and developer communities.
Our Team

We are a distributed team of 65 people working from 23 countries (concentrating around North America and Europe time zones)
We are a team built on open sources cultural principles (transparency, contribution, accountability, proactivity)
Team with decades of experience building databases and deep knowledge of Postgres internals. We are deeply technical
We have experienced Postgres committers and hackers on the team (check Heikki, Anastasia, Arseny, Matthias profiles)
We believe in the efficacy of collaborative open source
We aim for a diversity of thoughts and backgrounds
We are keen to be a fast-moving flat org and avoid hierarchical structures

Our Investors

Top-tier investors backed up Neons vision:

We raised 104 million in funding from Menlo Ventures, GGV, Khosla Ventures, General Catalyst, Founders Fund.
Venture vehicles of Snowflake and Databricks invested in Neon.
Our angels investors are prominent technologists, and ecosystem players. More than 20 awesome angels supported Neon, including Nat Friedman, Elad Gil, Mike Ovitz, Ajeet Singh, Guillermo Rauch, Sren Brammer Schmidt, and Wes McKinney.
Our Board includes Quentin Clark, Glenn Solomon, Joe Morrissey, and Tim Tully.



Our Offer

You have an opportunity to be an early employee in the fast-scaling ambitious team
You can work 100 remote: well handle all formalities to arrange work from your home
We pay top of the market in most parts of the world
We grant equity (stock options) to all full-time hires
We offer a competitive benefits package in line with all tech companies (top-notch equipment, unlimited vacations, paid parental leaves, and much more)
We are distributed, yet make our bonds during regular offsites (the last one was in Cyprus)
