Fundera, at NerdWallet, is the go-to financial resource for small businesses. Were here to help entrepreneurs achieve their financial goals and grow businesses as big as their aspirations.
As a catalyst for smart financial decisions, our combination of proprietary technology and financial expertise provides business owners with tailored solutions based on their unique needs and eligibility—helping them prosper, create more jobs, and, ultimately, grow the economy.
Our Account Executive will be essential in providing the highest level of service to our small business customers, to understand their financial needs and lender partners to manage a process towards funding. If youre interested in the position, here are a few things youll get to do and the qualifications that will make you successful in this role.
If you were here 6 months ago, here are some things you might have worked on:

Leading floor wide roundups to kick off sales days. 
Testing and iterating with our new customer journeys through updated product changes. 
Participating in group trainings to help bolster your sales acumen.
Helping shape the layout of our user application. 
Working with marketing to rewrite our email cadences.
Raising feedback to senior leadership on suboptimal areas in our sales process while also raising feedback on general day to day operations.

Where you can make an impact:

Manage the entire sales process from handling initial outreach to closing the deal.
Dive right into training and quickly learn the Fundera sales process, including our entire product suite and basic qualifying material.
Jump on the phones and become a Fundera expert who can confidently speak about our products and help business owners find the best loan options for their business.
Work alongside the lenders in our Fundera network to identify the best opportunities for them and serve as liaison between lender and small business owner.
Achieve, and consistently exceed, your monthly sales goals.

You are:
We recognize not everyone will meet all of the criteria. If you meet most of the criteria below and youre excited about the opportunity and willing to learn, wed love to hear from you.

0-4 years of direct sales experience.
Proven ability to effectively manage a pipeline with consistent performance against various KPIssales metrics.
Possess outstanding communication skills.
Have the ability to multi-task, prioritize, and autonomously manage your time.
Are comfortable and resilient in conversations with business owners from all walks of life.
Are excited by and thrive in a fast-paced inside sales environment.
Think on your feet when faced with new challenges, tough conversations, or difficult questions.
Always raise your personal bar. You can take feedback like a champ and implement it immediately.

Where:

This role will be based in New York, NY. 
We have found that working in-person, alongside peers and more senior members of the team, confers great advantages owing to the spontaneous learning and collaboration opportunities that arise daily on a sales floor and that cannot be easily replicated in a remote environment.
We also know that people want the flexibility to work remotely, both for personal and professional reasons, so while this is an in-office role, as long as you are performing at our minimum standards youll have the flexibility to work remotely 20 of the month anywhere in the continental US starting in your second month.

What we offer:
Pay Transparency

Account Executive I - 68,000 On Target Earnings (Base  Commission)
Account Executive II - 75,000 On Target Earnings (Base  Commission)
These roles include uncapped commission

Work hard, stay balanced (Lifes a series of balancing acts, eh?)

Industry leading medical, dental, and vision health care plans for employees and their dependents
Rejuvenation Policy  Flexible Time Off  13 holidays  4 Mental Health Days Off
New Parent Leave for employees with a newborn child or a child placed with them for adoption or foster care
Mental health support through Ginger.io 
Financial wellness, guidance, and unlimited access to a Certified Financial Planner (CFP) through Northstar 
Paid sabbatical for Nerds to recharge, gain knowledge and pursue their interests
Health and Dependent Care FSA and HSA Plan with monthly NerdWallet contribution
Weekly Virtual Bootcamp, Yoga, and Mindfulness Meditation sessions
Monthly Wellness Stipend, Cell Phone Stipend, and Wifi Stipend

Have some fun! (Nerds are fun, too)

Nerd-led group initiatives  Intramural Sports, Employee Resource Groups for Parents, Diversity Equity and Inclusion, Women, LGBTQIA, and other communities
Hackathons, Happy Hours and team bonding across all teams and departments
Company-wide events like Little Nerds Day (aka bring your kids to work day, even if youre remote!) and our annual Charity Auction 

Lifestyle (Be your best self - well take care of the details)

Our Nerds love to make an impact by paying it forward  Donate to your favorite causes with a company match 
Anniversary recognition program  choose from different items and experiences
Commuting Stipend

Plan for your future (And when you retire on your island, remember the little people)

401K with company match
Annual Enrichment Stipend for learning and development
Be the first to test and benefit from our new financial products and tools
Access to Rocket Lawyer for online legal support and resources 

If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information for California residents linked here.
NerdWallet is committed to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of any characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
LI-KN2
LI-Onsite
LI-3