NerdWallet is growing its CRM initiatives and is in search of a CRM Marketer to lead the development, implementation, and optimization of email and push campaigns. These campaigns will use dynamic data and event triggers to onboard, activate, cross-sell, and retain our valued members. Specifically, you will craft and execute strategies to engage our product active members, utilizing data-driven insights to deliver highly personalized communications to drive conversion.
If you were here 6 months ago, here are some things you might have worked on: 

Channel expansion - Exploring strategies to maximize user engagement and retention by leveraging high-touch communication channels.
Lifecycle optimization - Crafting approaches to capture users attention within the first 30 days of registration, and finding new ways to win users back through personalized and relevant content. 
Targeted cross-sell - Leveraging data to drive revenue conversion by effectively cross-selling users on their next best financial product.

Where you can make an impact: 

Develop and launch campaigns: Youll own the strategy and execution for your verticals for CRM marketing strategy across email, push, in-app, and SMS.
Segment audience effectively: Identify and target the right audience by leveraging data-driven insights.
Leverage high-impact data: Identify opportunities to harness high-impact data for personalization.
Execute lifecycle strategies: Strategically map out user journeys, designing user flows that foster lasting retention and loyalty.
Work cross-functionally: Youll drive alignment with internal cross-functional and external solution partners including Product, Engineering, Analytics, Creative, Sales and Program Management.
Test and Optimize: Continuously optimize campaigns through rapid AB testing, measuring impact, and iterating for improved results.
Measure campaign performance: Monitor and analyze campaign performance data to inform and recommend strategic initiatives.

You are:

A results-driven marketer with a proven track record of delivering the right message to the right audience.
Highly analytical, able to synthesize insights from various campaigns to shape strategy.
Skilled in balancing strategic thinking with hands-on execution.
Adaptable and able to thrive in a dynamic environment.
A natural leader and team-player who excels in fostering effective collaboration.

Your experience:
We recognize not everyone will meet all of the criteria. If you meet most of the criteria below and youre excited about the opportunity and willing to learn, wed love to hear from you.

2 years of marketing experience (lifecycle marketing experience is a plus).
2 years of experience developing marketing campaigns using an email campaign management system (e.g., Iterable, Braze, Pardot, Marketo, Responsys, ExactTargetSalesForce Marketing Cloud, etc.).
Experience collaborating with multiple stakeholders in a matrixed organization.
Proven track record of successfully ideating and executing marketing campaigns independently.

Where:

This role will be based in San Francisco, CA or remote (based in the U.S.).
We believe great work can be done anywhere. No matter where you are based, NerdWallet offers benefits and perks to support the physical, financial, and emotional well being of you and your family.Pay Transparency

What we offer:
Work Hard, Stay Balanced (Lifes a series of balancing acts, eh?)

Industry-leading medical, dental, and vision health care plans for employees and their dependents
Rejuvenation Policy  Flexible Time Off  13 holidays  4 Mental Health Days Off
New Parent Leave for employees with a newborn child or a child placed with them for adoption or foster care
Mental health support through Ginger.io 
Financial wellness, guidance, and unlimited access to a Certified Financial Planner (CFP) through Northstar 
Paid sabbatical for Nerds to recharge, gain knowledge and pursue their interests
Health and Dependent Care FSA and HSA Plan with monthly NerdWallet contribution
Weekly Virtual Bootcamp, Yoga, and Mindfulness Meditation sessions
Monthly Wellness Stipend, Cell Phone Stipend, and Wifi Stipend

Have Some Fun! (Nerds are fun, too)

Nerd-led group initiatives  Intramural Sports, Employee Resource Groups for Parents, Diversity, and Inclusion, Women, LGBTQIA, and other communities
Hackathons, Happy Hours, and team events across all teams and departments
Company-wide events like Little Nerds Day (aka bring your kids to work day, even if youre remote!) and our annual Charity Auction 

Lifestyle (Be your best self - well take care of the details)

Our Nerds love to make an impact by paying it forward  Donate to your favorite causes with a company match
Work from home equipment stipend and co-working space subsidy 
Anniversary recognition program  choose from different items and experiences
Commuting stipend 

Plan for your future (And when you retire on your island, remember the little people)

401K with company match
Annual Enrichment Stipend for learning and development
Be the first to test and benefit from our new financial products and tools
Access to Rocket Lawyer for online legal support and resources 

If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information for California residents linked here.
NerdWallet is committed to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of any characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
LI-DNIBase pay offered may vary within the posted range based on several factors, including but not limited to education, job-related knowledge, skills, experience, and location.The pay range for this role is82,000—140,000 USD