Position: Writer
Location: Norwich, UK or Remote (Based in the UK)
Employment type: FTE
Department: Content
NerdWallet is seeking a determined, journalistic-minded writer to join our Small Business Team to help drive rapid audience growth and engagement in the UK. This position will report to the Managing Editor of NerdWallet UK.
Founded in 2009, and headquartered in San Francisco, California,NerdWallet is a publicly traded personal finance company thats on a mission to provide clarity for all of lifes financial decisions. Our global team consists of over 700 Nerds that work to provide consumers and small businesses with personalised, unbiased and actionable insights so they can make smart money moves. NerdWallet UK has been on a strong growth trajectory since it launched in 2020. Our UK team, based out of Norwich and made up of about 30 Nerds, is a tenacious, high-growth unit focused on furthering our mission in a new market. 
Where you can make an impact: 

Write well-researched and rigorously fact-checked stories for the self-employed and small business community.  
Keep abreast of small business news and developments in the market in order to write new content and optimise existing pieces accordingly. 
Help shape NerdWallets rapidly evolving small business offering with contributions to diverse product experiences like calculators, product reviews and comparison tools
Collaborate with cross-functional partners and leverage analytics insights to smartly improve the user experience through new content and frequent optimization
Raise NerdWallets standing in the UK small business community as the go-to place for information and guidance as well as product comparison and reviews.

You are:

Tenacious and self-directed. You can tackle anything from story assignments and developing new sources to product reviews and comparison tools  all with urgency and a willingness to drive towards creative solutions that may go beyond the standard playbook.
Structured, thoughtful, and analytical. You are organized in your approach and are eager to diligently understand how your direct contributions inform the bigger picture. 
Passionate about consumers. You have a strong focus on user needs and an intellectual curiosity about the content, products and capabilities that help meet them.
Flexible. You easily and eagerly adjust to the constantly evolving needs of a company in hyper-growth mode.
Open, candid, and constructive. You work hard to ensure clear and frequent communication lines with cross functional partners. Being able to provide, and receive, candid feedback will help you establish relationships and overcome roadblocks faster.

Your experience:

2 years relevant work experience writing about personal or small-business finance for consumer facing or industry-specific publications in the UK.
A proven passion for helping consumers and  or small businesses. 
Ability to partner effectively with cross-functional teams
A track record of engaging with external contacts and industry sources
Ability to think creatively and critically and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, hyper-growth work environment
Strong familiarity with SEO best practices. 

Where:

This role will be based in Norwich, UK or remote (based in the UK).
We believe great work can be done anywhere. No matter where you are based, NerdWallet offers benefits and perks to support the physical, financial, and emotional well being of you and your family.

What We Offer:

Generous Pension: NerdWallet offers up to 6 matched pension contribution
Paid Time Off (PTO): You will be granted twenty-five (25) days of paid time off, not including public holidays.
Wellness stipend: NerdWallet gives every employee a monthly wellness stipend. It is yours to use however youd like 
Career enrichment stipend: We value a growth mindset, and we never stop learning Each year, you will have funds to help you grow professionally in your role at NerdWallet
Mental health support: We take mental health seriously. To offer you mental health support, NerdWallet partners with Ginger, a chat-based mental health app. You are able to use Ginger anytime, any place 
Legal support: NerdWallet offers access to online legal support through Rocket Lawyer
Wifi stipend: NerdWallet gives every remote employee a monthly Wifi stipend

NerdWallet is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity and we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected characteristic: age; gender reassignment; being married or in a civil partnership; being pregnant or on maternity leave; disability; race including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin; religion or belief; sex; or sexual orientation. Please let us know if you require any reasonable adjustments to be made for the recruitment process.
LI-Remote
LI-4