Position: Compliance Manager
Location: Norwich, UK or Remote (Based in the UK)
Employment type: FTE
Department: Compliance  Legal
NerdWallet is seeking a highly driven, commercially-minded Compliance Manager with experience of financial products or promotions (mortgages, loans, credit, insurance, banking etc).  The Compliance Manager will oversee our compliance strategy and ensure we meet our UK regulatory requirements. This position will report to the Operations Director of NerdWallet U.K.
Founded in 2009, NerdWallet is a publicly traded personal finance company thats on a mission to provide clarity for all of lifes financial decisions. Headquartered in San Francisco, California, our team consists of over 700 Nerds that work to provide consumers and small businesses with personalized, unbiased and actionable insights so they can make smart money moves. Our UK team, based out of Norwich and made up of about 30 Nerds, is a dynamic , high-growth unit focused on furthering our mission in a new market. 
Where you can make an impact: 

Working collaboratively with cross-functional stakeholders to understand their needs whilst delivering compliance solutions that enable effective business
Reviewing and interpreting regulatory requirements relevant to commercial and financial promotions to ensure our business activities are compliant
Strategically and judiciously developing the compliance function by identifying and building processes to drive efficient outcomes
Advising on and reviewing the content, customer journeys and financial promotions on our website to ensure compliance
Creating and maintaining up to date and accurate regulatory registers, processes and policies
Managing and administering our wider core compliance requirements including training, risk reporting and complaints registers

You are:

Solution-oriented. You have a key eye for detail, sound judgment and the ability to quickly solve problems and identify viable solutions
An excellent communicator. You have excellent written and verbal communication skills, capable of working with people at all levels within the business
Structured and thoughtful. You are coherent but also economical in your approach to documentation and process
Open, candid and constructive. You can provide constructive feedback, work through competing viewpoints and handle challenging conversations effectively
Flexible. You are open to learning new business models and systems within an innovative, fast paced working environment
Knowledgeable. You are familiar and comfortable with risk management, risk based decision making and wider relevant industry regulation (e.g., GDPR)

Your experience:
We recognize not everyone will meet all of the criteria. If you meet most of the criteria below and youre excited about the opportunity and willing to learn, wed love to hear from you.

6 years of relevant work experience operating within the financial services industry, be that with financial comparison sites, brokers or other consumerbusiness financial product providers 
Experience with financial products, including mortgages, ideally holding a CeMAP or equivalent  mortgage qualifications (other qualifications such as CErer and CIIDipPFS useful but not essential)
Ability and eagerness to understand the operational and commercial complexities of our business
Familiar with regulatory requirements and FCA portal management

Where:

This role will be based in Norwich, UK or remote (based in the UK).
We believe great work can be done anywhere. No matter where you are based, NerdWallet offers benefits and perks to support the physical, financial, and emotional well being of you and your family.

What we offer:

Generous Pension: NerdWallet offers up to 6 matched pension contribution
Paid Time Off (PTO): You will be granted twenty-five (25) days of paid time off, not including public holidays.
Wellness stipend: NerdWallet gives every employee a monthly wellness stipend. It is yours to use however youd like 
Career enrichment stipend: We value a growth mindset, and we never stop learning Each year, you will have funds to help you grow professionally in your role at NerdWallet
Mental health support: We take mental health seriously. To offer you mental health support, NerdWallet partners with Ginger, a chat-based mental health app. You are able to use Ginger anytime, any place 
Legal support: NerdWallet offers access to online legal support through Rocket Lawyer
Wifi stipend: NerdWallet gives every remote employee a monthly Wifi stipend

NerdWallet is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity and we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected characteristic: age; gender reassignment; being married or in a civil partnership; being pregnant or on maternity leave; disability; race including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin; religion or belief; sex; or sexual orientation. Please let us know if you require any reasonable adjustments to be made for the recruitment process.
LI-Remote