We are looking to hire a contract Program Manager to join our Program Management team. At NerdWallet, Program Management functions as the connective tissue across various functions to execute projects and programs that drive business results. Program managers provide planning, execution, and reporting services for leaders throughout the company including Product, Engineering, Business, and more.
In this role you will support projects and programs sponsored by our Security Engineering and Legal teams. As NerdWallet continues to grow and mature, we must ensure legal compliance and top-notch security of our assets - especially data! Several projects are sprouting out from our Security and Legal teams that address these challenges and program management fills this gap. These teams also need program managements assistance to hone their internal processes and tools to ensure their execution is efficient and effective.
Youll also have the opportunity to help coordinate our international contractor hiring process. This will include posting new roles, coordinating interviews for hiring managers, and tracking the onboarding process. This is a chance to get involved in a business critical evolution of NerdWallet as we expand our workforce in other countries.  
You are:

Able to solve problems on multiple topics across multiple projects quickly and effectively, knowing how to best prioritize your time
Strong communication skills, including active listening and interpersonal skills
Comfortable following up with partners and tracking progress against deadlines
Interested in understanding and mastering the art of change management
Eager to develop your skills in project management, program management andor operations

Your experience:
If you meet most of the criteria below and youre excited about the opportunity and willing to learn, wed love to hear from you.

1 years of project management or program management experience, ideally in a software development setting
Proficient in Google Suite, especially Google Sheets and Google Calendar
Recent experience working remotely utilizing collaboration tools such as Slack and Zoom
Familiarity with Jira, Confluence, SmartSheets andor other project management software
Experience driving projects and programs with multiple stakeholders under tight timelines with competing priorities

Where:

This role will be based in San Francisco, CA or remote (based in the U.S.).

Pay Transparency  Contract Details:

The hourly rate for this position is 50 per hour
This is a W2 contract role 
The estimated schedule for this engagement is about 40 hours per week for 12 months

If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information for California residents linked here.
NerdWallet is committed to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of any characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
LI-DNI