We are a moderately sized engineering organization supporting the lending business unit and its high-growth plans. We are looking for a highly motivated Senior Engineer to join the Lending Engineering team to partner with our leadership and our engineers to build out our Lending Platform.
If you enjoy writing code, delivering value, and being engaged all day in a fast paced environment, this is the role for you. You will write a lot of code in this position and subsequently, learn a lot. You will also work with our managers and principal engineer to inform and learn architecture and design. As a senior engineer we will look to you to help bring up the quality of our deliveries and help to engage the team in leading the quality and outcomes of their work.
We are an agile team practicing Sprints and indexing on continuous improvement and delivery.
Over the next 6 months, here are some things you might work on:

Optimize consumer flows through our paid marketing funnels via changes to back end algorithms that drive loan selection criteria
Integrating partner data for product data ingestion (loan types, loan metadata) into our local data storage
Optimizing data storage, reporting, ETL and general data cleanliness within our lending platform data ecosystem in support of rampant democratization of our data within the lending team
Instrumenting, alerting, and bringing clarity of our systems behavior into Data Dog
Integrating to pull conversion and revenue data from lending partners, ensuring data accuracy within our reporting ecosystem and reliability so that our business has the information is needs to execute its strategy

Where you can make an impact:

Driving relevant and real revenue for NerdWallets lending division
Serving as a mentor to the less experienced engineers on the team
Delivering large amounts of features to live in a high quality fashion, serving as an example of what good looks like to the team
Owning moderately complex projects, ensuring they are coded well, and sufficiently operationalized with observability, supportability, and graceful failure designed into them
Partnering with management to continuously inform the engineering roadmap for our team

You are:

Biased to action and are happy to iterate along the way based on what we learn. You tend to believe that time to market is more significant than perfection
Not afraid to fail. We take informed risks and chances, they often work, sometimes they dont. You learn from those mistakes and incorporate them into how you think in the future
Aware that fast and quality are not mutually exclusive. We can deliver high quality, well engineered code fast. You do not cut quality first to meet timelines, you often thoughtfully try to determine how to do both
Interested in being a mentor and a teacher to make those around you better. We arent perfect, neither, are you. You believe that together we are more than the sum of our parts and you expect others to help you to grow and learn too
Keenly aware of the cost of fetching data from various sources such as local browser, CDN, distributed cache, memory, and disk

Your experience:

Highly knowledgeable in Data, Database design, tuning, and relational database technologies.
Postgres and SQL Server specific knowledge is a plus
Expertise in a backend language that will translate to success in NodeJS and Python
Experience with ReactJS and TypeScript
Familiarity with NodeJS
Familiarity with Python
5 years of professional experience in software engineering
3 years of relational database experience

Where:

This role will be based in San Francisco, CA or remote (based in the U.S.).
We believe great work can be done anywhere. No matter where you are based, NerdWallet offers benefits and perks to support the physical, financial, and emotional well being of you and your family.

What we offer:
Work Hard, Stay Balanced (Lifes a series of balancing acts, eh?)

Industry-leading medical, dental, and vision health care plans for employees and their dependents
Rejuvenation Policy  Flexible Time Off  13 holidays  4 Mental Health Days Off
New Parent Leave for employees with a newborn child or a child placed with them for adoption or foster care
Mental health support through Ginger.io 
Financial wellness, guidance, and unlimited access to a Certified Financial Planner (CFP) through Northstar 
Paid sabbatical for Nerds to recharge, gain knowledge and pursue their interests
Health and Dependent Care FSA and HSA Plan with monthly NerdWallet contribution
Weekly Virtual Bootcamp, Yoga, and Mindfulness Meditation sessions
Monthly Wellness Stipend, Cell Phone Stipend, and Wifi Stipend

Have Some Fun! (Nerds are fun, too)

Nerd-led group initiatives  Intramural Sports, Employee Resource Groups for Parents, Diversity and Inclusion, Women, LGBTQIA, and other communities
Hackathons, Happy Hours, and team events across all teams and departments
Company-wide events like Little Nerds Day (aka bring your kids to work day, even if youre remote!) and our annual Charity Auction 

Lifestyle (Be your best self - well take care of the details)

Our Nerds love to make an impact by paying it forward  Donate to your favorite causes with a company match
Work from home equipment stipend and co-working space subsidy 
Anniversary recognition program  choose from different items and experiences
Commuting stipend 

Plan for your future (And when you retire on your island, remember the little people)

401K with company match
Annual Enrichment Stipend for learning and development
Be the first to test and benefit from our new financial products and tools
Access to Rocket Lawyer for online legal support and resources 

If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information for California residents linked here.
NerdWallet is committed to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of any characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
LI-DNP LI-RemoteBase pay offered may vary within the posted range based on several factors, including but not limited to education, job-related knowledge, skills, experience, and location.The pay range for this role is136,000—252,000 USD