Position: Senior Commercial Manager
Location: Norwich, UK or remote (based in the UK)
Employment type: Full-time
Department: Business
NerdWallet is seeking a highly driven Senior Commercial Manager to oversee our commercial strategy and partnership portfolio to drive profitable growth in the U.K. This position will report to the General Manager of NerdWallet U.K. 
Where you can make an impact: 

Understand provider strategies and priorities to collaboratively design and negotiate commercial propositions to achieve our mutual goals.
Strategically grow our portfolio of commercial relationships in existing and new categories across Small Business and Consumer financial services.  
Set and own commercial objectives and deliver against forecasted performance.
Work closely with a tight-knit, cross-functional team of Organic SEO, PPC, Product and other experts to identify acquisition opportunities, support a competitive marketplace, and optimise our return on investment.

You are:

An excellent communicator:You can manage competing viewpoints, handle challenging conversations, and influence at all levels in and outside of the business.
Commercially astute:  You have the ability to understand key trading levers and performance drivers to deliver on channel plans and produce results. 
Solution-oriented: You have a key eye for detail, sound judgment and the ability to quickly solve problems that balance short term performance with long term strategy.
Structured and thoughtful: You excel at time management, prioritisation and handling multiple tasks at once within an innovative, fast paced working environment.
Data driven: You are highly analytical and can work skillfully with data to generate insights and support your decision making. 

Your experience:
We recognize not everyone will meet all of the criteria. If you meet most of the criteria below and youre excited about the opportunity and willing to learn, wed love to hear from you.

 7 years work experience managing commercial relationships and strategy, ideally at a price comparison website.
Deep domain knowledge in small business andor consumer financial services.
Strong track record of making strategic decisions and negotiating commercials based on business priorities and industry insights.
Ability to partner effectively with cross-functional teams and communicate with a solutions-first approach.
Excellent organization, attention to detail, and ability to multitask.
Strong computer skills (Google Calendar, Google Drive, Excel).
Ability to think creatively and critically and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, hyper-growth work environment.
Experience managing and mentoring junior team members to enable rapid development.

Where:

This role will be based in Norwich, UK or remote (based in the UK).
We believe great work can be done anywhere. No matter where you are based, NerdWallet offers benefits and perks to support the physical, financial, and emotional well being of you and your family.

What we offer:

Generous Pension: NerdWallet offers up to 6 matched pension contribution
Paid Time Off (PTO): You will be granted twenty-five (25) days of paid time off, not including public holidays.
Wellness stipend: NerdWallet gives every employee a monthly wellness stipend. It is yours to use however youd like 
Career enrichment stipend: We value a growth mindset, and we never stop learning Each year, you will have funds to help you grow professionally in your role at NerdWallet
Mental health support: We take mental health seriously. To offer you mental health support, NerdWallet partners with Ginger, a chat-based mental health app. You are able to use Ginger anytime, any place 
Legal support: NerdWallet offers access to online legal support through Rocket Lawyer
Wifi stipend: NerdWallet gives every remote employee a monthly Wifi stipend

NerdWallet is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity and we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected characteristic: age; gender reassignment; being married or in a civil partnership; being pregnant or on maternity leave; disability; race including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin; religion or belief; sex; or sexual orientation. Please let us know if you require any reasonable adjustments to be made for the recruitment process.LI-Remote