Position: Manager, Performance Marketing
Location: Norwich, UK or Remote (Based in the UK)
Employment type: FTE
Department: Marketing
NerdWallet is seeking a highly driven, commercially-minded Performance Marketing Lead to oversee our paid marketing strategy and drive revenue growth in the U.K. This position will report to the General Manager of NerdWallet U.K. 
Where you can make an impact: 

Lead and grow our SEM campaigns to outstanding levels
Define and drive new funnel acquisition strategies
Collaborate with an experienced team of commercials, product, engineering, and data cross-functional partners
Work on high impact, user acquisition-focused initiatives related to paid digital marketing, partnerships, and the NerdWallet brand
Be the channel authority teams look to as the business marketing needs scale

You are:

An original and creative problem solver: You can drive towards independentcreative solutions that go beyond the standard playbook
Strategic: You know how to synthesize data and inputs into important and practical insights and you know what is going to move the needle most
Operational master: You always know how your campaigns, keywords and audiences are performing, and are constantly working to uncover growth opportunities
Data driven: You prioritize analytics over instincts when it comes to decision making and are comfortable with complex data sets and LTV models
Flexible: You easily adjust to constantly evolving needs of a company in hyper-growth mode

Your experience:
We recognize not everyone will meet all of the criteria. If you meet most of the criteria below and youre excited about the opportunity and willing to learn, wed love to hear from you.

8 years relevant work experience leading multi-million dollar budgets across SEM and other channels
Strong track record of scaling SEM campaigns through consistent bidding strategy evolution, keywordaudience segmentation, ad copy and landing page testing
Familiarity with affiliate, display, native, and social lead acquisition, and experience in (and excitement for) scaling performance marketing programs into new channels 
Makes strategic decisions based on business priorities and industry insights
Ability to partner effectively with cross-functional teams and communicate with a solutions-first approach
Ability to think creatively and critically and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, hyper-growth work environment
Experience managing and mentoring junior team members to enable rapid development

Where:

This role will be based in Norwich, UK or remote (based in the UK).
We believe great work can be done anywhere. No matter where you are based, NerdWallet offers benefits and perks to support the physical, financial, and emotional well being of you and your family.

What We Offer:

Generous Pension: NerdWallet offers up to 6 matched pension contribution
Paid Time Off (PTO): You will be granted twenty-five (25) days of paid time off, not including public holidays.
Wellness stipend: NerdWallet gives every employee a monthly wellness stipend. It is yours to use however youd like 
Career enrichment stipend: We value a growth mindset, and we never stop learning Each year, you will have funds to help you grow professionally in your role at NerdWallet
Mental health support: We take mental health seriously. To offer you mental health support, NerdWallet partners with Ginger, a chat-based mental health app. You are able to use Ginger anytime, any place 
Legal support: NerdWallet offers access to online legal support through Rocket Lawyer
Wifi stipend: NerdWallet gives every remote employee a monthly Wifi stipend

NerdWallet is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity and we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected characteristic: age; gender reassignment; being married or in a civil partnership; being pregnant or on maternity leave; disability; race including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin; religion or belief; sex; or sexual orientation. Please let us know if you require any reasonable adjustments to be made for the recruitment process.
LI-Remote
LI-4