What are we all about?
We are a team of world class builders and researchers with expertise across several domains: Ethereum Protocol Engineering, Layer-2, Decentralized Finance (DeFi), Miner Extractable Value (MEV), Smart Contract Development, Security Auditing and Formal Verification.
Working to solve some of the most challenging problems in the blockchain space, we frequently collaborate with renowned companies, such as Ethereum Foundation, StarkWare, Gnosis Chain, Aave, Flashbots, xDai, Open Zeppelin, Forta Protocol, Energy Web, POA Network and many more.
We actively contribute to Ethereum core development, EIPs and network upgrades together with the Ethereum Foundation, and other client teams.







Today, there are nearly 200 of us working remotely from over 45 countries.







You can view all our open positions here: https:jobs.nethermind.ioThe Role:
We are currently seeking a highly skilled and experienced DevOps Engineer to join our dynamic team. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in deploying, debugging, tuning, and maintaining high-performance, container-based applications, microservices, and databases while working effectively with the developer.
Your commitment to delivering top-notch solutions and exceptional support to our internal products will be crucial in this role. Additionally, your alignment with Netherminds vision of leading in blockchain technology, promoting innovation, and nurturing growth within the industry is essential.
Responsibilities:

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure seamless deployment and integration of applications, as well as strategic DevOps initiatives that align with the product goals.
Design and implement robust system and cloud architectures, ensuring scalability, resilience, and optimal performance.
Deploy and maintain both web 2.0 and web 3.0 infrastructure in a cloud environment via Infra as Code.
Exceptional communication with developers and product managers to tailor the solutions effectively.
Contribute to the continuous improvement of processes and tools, aligning with industry best practices.
Evaluate and refine existing DevOps processes, implementing automation and efficiency improvements where necessary.

Must have:

3 years of experience in a DevOpsSRE Engineer role
Extensive AWS cloud experience and familiarity with configuring, scaling, tuning, and monitoring the range of services. Especially AWS Lambda, ECS and API Gateway.
Strong experience with designing and building CICD pipelines
Strong experience with Infra as Code, for example, Terraform and Ansible
Good communication skills and stakeholder management experience
Working Knowledge of programming languages TypescriptJavaScript
Experience producing operational and design documentation for the things you build, and writing post-mortem docs after troubleshooting service issues.
Experience with continuous integration and continuous delivery tools, like Jenkins, GitHub Actions, etc

Nice to have:

Any blockchain experience is a plus
Experience in software development is a plus.
Disclaimer: I hereby consent to my personal information being stored and processed by Demerzel Solutions Limited (ta Nethermind) (the Company) for recruitment purposes in relation to both the selected job role and any other role the Company considers me a qualified candidate for. All data storing and processing by the Company takes place in accordance with the UK GDPR. Kindly refer to our privacy policy for more details. Your consent to share personal information is entirely voluntary, and you may withdraw your consent at any time. Should you have any questions about this process, or wish to withdraw your consent please contact: legalnoticesnethermind.io Keep up to date on what we are working on by following us on our social channels
      
 
Click here to view our Privacy Policy.