What are we all about?
We are a team of world class builders and researchers with expertise across several domains: Ethereum Protocol Engineering, Layer-2, Decentralized Finance (DeFi), Miner Extractable Value (MEV), Smart Contract Development, Security Auditing and Formal Verification.
Working to solve some of the most challenging problems in the blockchain space, we frequently collaborate with renowned companies, such as Ethereum Foundation, StarkWare, Gnosis Chain, Aave, Flashbots, xDai, Open Zeppelin, Forta Protocol, Energy Web, POA Network and many more.
We actively contribute to Ethereum core development, EIPs and network upgrades together with the Ethereum Foundation, and other client teams.







Today, there are nearly 200 of us working remotely from over 45 countries.







You can view all our open positions here: https:jobs.nethermind.ioThe role:
Were seeking senior auditors and developers with smart contract auditing experienceknowledge to join our team. Youll work on projects written in Solidity and Cairo. Knowledge of Rust andor GoLang is a great plus. We are looking for someone who understands the Ethereum Virtual Machine, Yellow Paper, and the Solidity language. Youll get the opportunity to work at the bleeding edge of Blockchain technology and interact with different teams working in every aspect of Ethereum and StarkNet.
Responsibilities:

Work directly with protocols in the Ethereum and StarkNet ecosystems to review their code and help secure their protocols;
Collaborate with teammates to maintain and continually improve our existing blockchain security tools using modern software engineering practices;
Develop new blockchain security tools;
Engage in meetings with clients to discuss security and best practice improvements.

Requirements:

PhD in Computer Science, Math or related field. 
3 year(s) of experience in Solidity security analysis;
Solid understanding of the Ethereum Virtual Machine and Yellow Paper;
Fluency in Solidity development and the deployment of smart contracts;
Detailed understanding of common smart contract vulnerabilities;
Fluency with common tools and frameworks used for the development and security analysis of smart contracts;
Strong debugging skills andor experience in reverse engineering;
Basic knowledge of Cairo and Starknet.

Nice to have:

Multiple years of prior experience in traditional cybersecurity (before transitioning to the blockchain space);
Experience in Cairo development;
Solid understanding of StarkNet;
Good written and verbal communication skills;
Understanding of most common DeFi applications.
A portfolio of blog posts or presentations on DeFi or security-related topics;
Publicly visible audit reports in your portfolio.

Perks and benefits:

Fully remote
Flexible working hours
Plus equity
Disclaimer: I hereby consent to my personal information being stored and processed by Demerzel Solutions Limited (ta Nethermind) (the Company) for recruitment purposes in relation to both the selected job role and any other role the Company considers me a qualified candidate for. All data storing and processing by the Company takes place in accordance with the UK GDPR. Kindly refer to our privacy policy for more details. Your consent to share personal information is entirely voluntary, and you may withdraw your consent at any time. Should you have any questions about this process, or wish to withdraw your consent please contact: legalnoticesnethermind.io Keep up to date on what we are working on by following us on our social channels
      
 
Click here to view our Privacy Policy.