What are we all about?
We are a team of world class builders and researchers with expertise across several domains: Ethereum Protocol Engineering, Layer-2, Decentralized Finance (DeFi), Miner Extractable Value (MEV), Smart Contract Development, Security Auditing and Formal Verification.
Working to solve some of the most challenging problems in the blockchain space, we frequently collaborate with renowned companies, such as Ethereum Foundation, StarkWare, Gnosis Chain, Aave, Flashbots, xDai, Open Zeppelin, Forta Protocol, Energy Web, POA Network and many more.
We actively contribute to Ethereum core development, EIPs and network upgrades together with the Ethereum Foundation, and other client teams.







Today, there are nearly 200 of us working remotely from over 45 countries.







You can view all our open positions here: https:jobs.nethermind.ioAre you the one?

We are seeking a highly motivated Investment Systems Engineer to join our team. The Investment Systems Engineer will be responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining systems that support our Clients trading and portfolio management activities. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in software development and experience working in the financial industry (preferably within a hedge fundasset manager andor trading desks, with exposure to traditional asset classes or digital assets).
Responsibilities:

Design, develop, and maintain high-performance platforms and tools
Manage and analyze large financial data sets, including blockchain data
Integrate various third-party financial software and data providers into our Clients systems
Create tools and systems to help traders make optimal decisions
Collaborate with traders, analysts, and other stakeholders to understand business requirements and develop software solutions that meet their needs
Ensure the security and reliability of our Clients systems
Designing and building distributed and fault-tolerant systems
An appreciation of scalable, high-availability, and low-latency architectures
Optimizing software performance
Troubleshooting

Skills:

Excellent programming skills, C and Python preferred but will also consider other tech stacks (e.g., Go, Java)
Ability to implement efficient algorithms and design complex data structures
Experience with high-performance computing, data analytics, and distributed systems
An understanding of good software architecture
Ability to write clean, testable, and maintainable code without over-engineering
An entrepreneurial nature, willing to take ownership and run toward problems
Several years of experience in software development
Strong computer science background
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills
Strong communication and collaboration skills

Nice to have:

Experience working in the financial industry, with knowledge of financial markets, instruments, assets, products, and trading strategies
Blockchain  Crypto
Familiarity with financial data providers and APIs
DevOps
Experienced with AWS or GCP

Perks and benefits:

Fully remote
Flexible working hours
Plus equity
Disclaimer: I hereby consent to my personal information being stored and processed by Demerzel Solutions Limited (ta Nethermind) (the Company) for recruitment purposes in relation to both the selected job role and any other role the Company considers me a qualified candidate for. All data storing and processing by the Company takes place in accordance with the UK GDPR. Kindly refer to our privacy policy for more details. Your consent to share personal information is entirely voluntary, and you may withdraw your consent at any time. Should you have any questions about this process, or wish to withdraw your consent please contact: legalnoticesnethermind.io Keep up to date on what we are working on by following us on our social channels
      
 
Click here to view our Privacy Policy.