What are we all about?
We are a team of world class builders and researchers with expertise across several domains: Ethereum Protocol Engineering, Layer-2, Decentralized Finance (DeFi), Miner Extractable Value (MEV), Smart Contract Development, Security Auditing and Formal Verification.
Working to solve some of the most challenging problems in the blockchain space, we frequently collaborate with renowned companies, such as Ethereum Foundation, StarkWare, Gnosis Chain, Aave, Flashbots, xDai, Open Zeppelin, Forta Protocol, Energy Web, POA Network and many more.
We actively contribute to Ethereum core development, EIPs and network upgrades together with the Ethereum Foundation, and other client teams.







Today, there are nearly 200 of us working remotely from over 45 countries.







You can view all our open positions here: https:jobs.nethermind.ioJob Summary
The Business Development Associate role will utilize Netherminds engineering talent to accelerate the adoption  development of permissionless, open  decentralized systems. You will have the opportunity to be at the forefront of a pivotal time in web3.
Key Job Responsibilities
As a member of the Business Development team, you will focus on the growth of Netherminds business across Security Audits, and formal Verification
Your responsibilities will be multifaceted and will require you to be proactive and motivated. You will attract new clients, build relationships with them, negotiate and close deals, and manage existing relationships. Other duties will include market research, developing business strategies and pitches, managing a variety of projects, and identifying new business opportunities. You will focus on working with Security Audits, formal verification, and real-time monitoring
This is an enormous opportunity to utilize your problem-solving ability and pave the path for the future of Blockchain technology.
A Day in the Life

Identifying and evaluating new business opportunities
Managing and prioritizing a pipeline
Negotiating and closing deals
Conducting market research and identifying potential clients
Building strong relationships with new clients while maintaining existing client relationships
Engaging with projects across ecosystems
Identify and invent new value propositions with existing relationships and partners
Assisting with drafting business plans, sales pitches, presentations, reference material, etc

What youll need

2 years of work experience in sales or business development
Experience in web3 is required
Previous experience selling security services and products is preferred
Proven experience in sales and closing deals (provide measurable results)
Strong negotiation skills
Strong writtenverbal communication  presentation skills
Ability to generate and acquire new leads
Strong network in Web3 space (Ethereum, Starknet, other L2s)
Experience on working with marketing on lead generation campaigns
Comfort in making decisions autonomously and explaining your ideas concisely
Self Driven  Entrepreneurial mindset. Ability to work fast, and autonomous
Good knowledge of Blockchain technology  the crypto space.
Great at building  leveraging relationships, while maintaining and bringing relationships with an already existing base of clientsconnections (portfolio)
Data-savvy, understand basic metrics of sales, marketing and operations.
Disclaimer: I hereby consent to my personal information being stored and processed by Demerzel Solutions Limited (ta Nethermind) (the Company) for recruitment purposes in relation to both the selected job role and any other role the Company considers me a qualified candidate for. All data storing and processing by the Company takes place in accordance with the UK GDPR. Kindly refer to our privacy policy for more details. Your consent to share personal information is entirely voluntary, and you may withdraw your consent at any time. Should you have any questions about this process, or wish to withdraw your consent please contact: legalnoticesnethermind.io Keep up to date on what we are working on by following us on our social channels
      
 
Click here to view our Privacy Policy.