What are we all about?
We are a team of world class builders and researchers with expertise across several domains: Ethereum Protocol Engineering, Layer-2, Decentralized Finance (DeFi), Miner Extractable Value (MEV), Smart Contract Development, Security Auditing and Formal Verification.
Working to solve some of the most challenging problems in the blockchain space, we frequently collaborate with renowned companies, such as Ethereum Foundation, StarkWare, Gnosis Chain, Aave, Flashbots, xDai, Open Zeppelin, Forta Protocol, Energy Web, POA Network and many more.
We actively contribute to Ethereum core development, EIPs and network upgrades together with the Ethereum Foundation, and other client teams.







Today, there are nearly 200 of us working remotely from over 45 countries.







You can view all our open positions here: https:jobs.nethermind.ioNethermind is a prominent player in the Ethereum industry, dedicated to driving innovation and adoption of decentralized applications, blockchain solutions, and smart contracts.
Are you eager to explore the fascinating world of Ethereum and develop your career in the blockchain industry? Nethermind is currently seeking motivated individuals to join our team!
Our requirements

Passion for blockchain and the Ethereum ecosystem.
Bachelors degree in engineering, programming, finance, economy, Business, HR, legal, or any area.
Some experience in similar positions within blockchain and crypto companies.
Ability to work remotely and independently with a globally distributed team

What do we look for?

A genuine interest in blockchain technology, particularly Ethereum, and its potential for disrupting industries.
Strong written and verbal communication skills to effectively work with team members.
Ability to manage multiple tasks, prioritize, and adapt to a fast-paced environment.
Proactive and self-motivated, with a willingness to learn and embrace new technologies and concepts.
Attention to detail and commitment to delivering quality work.
Basic knowledge of cryptocurrency, decentralized finance (DeFi), and smart contracts is a plus.

Why join us?

Become part of a pioneering company at the forefront of the Ethereum industry.
Work alongside a diverse and talented team of professionals passionate about blockchain technology.
Gain valuable experience and knowledge in a rapidly evolving field.
Enjoy a collaborative and inclusive work environment that promotes growth and innovation.
Opportunities for professional development and advancement.

 
How to Apply: If you are excited about the potential of Ethereum and want to begin your journey in the decentralized finance industry, we would love to hear from you! Please submit your resume and a brief cover letter expressing your interest in the Ethereum industry and any relevant skills. We look forward to reviewing your application!
 
Note: Only candidates selected for further consideration will be contacted.Disclaimer: I hereby consent to my personal information being stored and processed by Demerzel Solutions Limited (ta Nethermind) (the Company) for recruitment purposes in relation to both the selected job role and any other role the Company considers me a qualified candidate for. All data storing and processing by the Company takes place in accordance with the UK GDPR. Kindly refer to our privacy policy for more details. Your consent to share personal information is entirely voluntary, and you may withdraw your consent at any time. Should you have any questions about this process, or wish to withdraw your consent please contact: legalnoticesnethermind.io Keep up to date on what we are working on by following us on our social channels
      
 
Click here to view our Privacy Policy.