Company Description:
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence and invent new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.Team Description:
Our Recruiting and Sourcing teams come from many different industries to make up a group of experts on Hardware, Software, Research, and Operations hiring. We embed ourselves into our hiring teams to create the best possible alignment and relationship. Also, the team works closely with each other, we believe communication is the key to success. 
Job Responsibilities and Description: 
Neuralink is looking for a Life Science Recruiter who is interested in becoming a true partner to the Research Services team. This position requires the unique ability to find Computer Vision Engineers with a degree in Pathology, Animal Care specialists with primate experience, or even Neurosurgeons interested in working with engineers. Recruitment is the driving force behind Neuralinks growth and we are responsible for cultivating exceptionalism by finding top talent and hiring experts for our interdisciplinary teams, all while providing an all-around great candidate experience.

Responsibilities include sourcing, interviewing, and pipeline management.
Independently drive continuous improvement and strategic recruiting initiatives by providing your hiring managers with the metrics they need. 
Build relationships with hiring managers to discuss new requisitions, hiring strategy, and interview feedback.
Create strategies to identify, attract, and engage with the best talent (sourcing, referrals, and more). 
Attend debriefs alongside hiring teams to act as a peer in evaluating candidates.
Assist in initiating background checks, completing reference checks, and negotiating offers.

Key Qualifications: 

5 years of software recruiting experience in a startup environment.
3 years of experience placing mid-senior level engineers, scientists, or biotech
Demonstrated expertise in sourcing and identifying industry experts and finding unique methods to engage.
Ability to interview engineers on a technical level, to determine their level of skill.
Enough passion and depth to learn the basic technical fundamentals of the positions for which youre hiring. 
Ability to build strong relationships with both hiring managers and candidates.

Preferred Qualifications: 

Experience using Greenhouse, Gem, LinkedIn, and G Suite.
Experience hiring Pathology, Histology, QA, Animal Care, Computer Vision Engineers, Neuroscientists, Machine Learning, Clinical, and Regulatory.
Pay Transparency:
Based on California law, the following details are for California individuals only:California base salary range:  103,659—136,966 USDFor full-time employees, your compensation package will include two major components: salary and equity. Guidance on salary for this role will be determined according to the level you enter the organization (with the ability to gain more through time as you contribute). 
 
Full-Time Employees are eligible for equity and benefits listed below in addition.

What we offer:

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields. 
Growth potential. We rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact. 
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan; parental leave.
Flexible time off  paid holidays.
Equity  401(k) plan.
Commuter Benefits.
Meals provided.


Multiple studies have found that a higher percentage of women and BIPOC candidates wont apply if they dont meet every listed qualification. Neuralink values candidates of all backgrounds. If you find yourself excited by our mission but you dont check every box in the description, we encourage you to apply anyway!
Neuralink provides equal opportunity in all of our employment practices to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information or any other category protected by federal, state and local laws.  This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, compensation, promotion, transfer, disciplinary action, layoff, return from layoff, training and social, and recreational programs. All such employment decisions will be made without unlawfully discriminating on any prohibited basis.