Company Description:
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence and invent new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.Team Description:
Join the implant team and be part of an elite team of engineers working on high-performance, safety-critical embedded systems for the next-generation brain-computer interfaces. We are looking for experienced, hands-on engineers who are interested in exploring whats possible in highly powered and latency-constrained environments. Firmware is the kernel of operation for the implant and you have the chance to determine and implement features that have a massive impact on the products capabilities. You will have the opportunity to work closely with chip designers, EEs, algorithms, and software engineers on a small team that moves quickly.
Job Responsibilities and Description: 

You find enormous challenges exciting and enjoy discovering and defining problems as much as solving them.
You deliver. You may enjoy thoughtful conversations about problems and perfecting design, but in the end, you know that delivering reliable manufacturable solutions matters.
You are a cross-disciplinary team member. You are excited to work with and learn from chip designers to neuroscientists.

Key Qualifications:

2 years of experience with embedded systems.
Proficient in CC, and Python.
Knowledge of MCU architectures, peripherals, and development environments.
Comfortable reading electrical schematics and datasheets.
Deep knowledge of the embedded toolchains and workflow.
Strong EE  DSP fundamentals
HWSW debugging skills with lab equipment.

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with embedded stacks for ARM cores.
Experience with safety-critical systems.
Experience with FPGA development and testing.
Experience with RF, BLE, TCPIP stacks from a practical embedded perspective.
Prior work or experience with applied cryptography and embedded systems security.
Pay Transparency: The following details are for Texas individuals only:Texas Pay Transparency87,300—114,300 USDFor full-time employees, your compensation package will include two major components: salary and equity. Guidance on salary for this role will be determined according to the level you enter the organization (with the ability to gain more through time as you contribute). 
 
Full-Time Employees are eligible for equity and benefits listed below in addition.

What we offer:

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields. 
Growth potential. We rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact. 
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan; parental leave.
Flexible time off  paid holidays.
Equity  401(k) plan.
Commuter Benefits.
Meals provided.


Multiple studies have found that a higher percentage of women and BIPOC candidates wont apply if they dont meet every listed qualification. Neuralink values candidates of all backgrounds. If you find yourself excited by our mission but you dont check every box in the description, we encourage you to apply anyway!
Neuralink provides equal opportunity in all of our employment practices to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information or any other category protected by federal, state and local laws.  This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, compensation, promotion, transfer, disciplinary action, layoff, return from layoff, training and social, and recreational programs. All such employment decisions will be made without unlawfully discriminating on any prohibited basis.