Company Description:
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence and invent new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.Team Description:
Software Engineering Interns at Neuralink work on a variety of teams like Implant, Robot, Brain Computer Interface (BCI), and Core Software. You will have the opportunity to partner with our electrical, microfabrication, chip designers, neuro and mechanical engineers - to accelerate our pathway to human ready brain-computer interfaces. 
Job Description:
We are looking for versatile engineers who are interested in architecting and implementing elegant software solutions and who thrive with the autonomy to propose creative approaches to problems. 
Interns will be in-person in either our Fremont or Austin locations! 
Types of software you could work on:

Implant firmware or embedded software
Systems for manufacturing, analyzing, and testing the device
Data platform to collect, organize, and visualize a diverse set of data ranging from neural signal recordings to microfabrication manufacturing data
Neurosurgical robot software
Lab management system as the central collaboration hub for all teams within the company
Software that interacts in real-time with our neural interfaces as well as other data acquisition systems to decode brain activity and interact with the environment
On-prem  Cloud Infrastructure that enables the company to operate safely, robustly and move at light-speed

Neuralink strives to be, as much as possible, a meritocratic environment: we require honest and transparent communication to ensure the best ideas win out, and we believe the best solutions emerge and the best teams are created when you assemble high-performing individuals with different skill sets and perspectives, and allow them to engage in rigorous and thoughtful inquiry. We want to work with exceptional people, and, to the extent that you excel, we want you to take on more responsibility and help all of us succeed. If this speaks to you, come join us.
In your application please include when you are available for an internship, which location you prefer, and why you want to work at Neuralink. The interview process will be the same for all teams and individual preference for teams will be taken into consideration before the final interview. Due to the large number of applicants, only candidates selected to interview will be contacted. 
About you:

You find large challenges exciting and enjoy discovering and defining problems as much as solving them.
You deliver. You may enjoy thoughtful conversations about problems and perfecting designs, but in the end, you know that what matters is delivering a manufacturable solution that works every time.
You are a cross-disciplinary team member. You are excited to work with and learn from software, mechanical, electrical, materials, biological engineers, and neuroscientists. You are comfortable communicating across teams.
Resourceful, flexible and adaptable; no task is too big or too small.

Key qualifications: 

3 years of software engineering experience (including personalschool experience)
9 months experience of application of technical skills outside of the classroom (examples: laboratory, research, extracurricular project teams, open source contributions, volunteering, personal projects or prior internshipwork experience)
1 previous technical internship

Preferred qualifications:

NOTE: You do not need to have any of the below qualifications to be considered for this role!
Familiarity with Ruby, Python, andor Javascript
Familiarity with CCRust
Familiarity with container management and orchestration
Familiarity with web application frameworks like Ruby on Rails or Django
Familiarity with HTMLCSS
Experience with infrastructure development



Pay Transparency:
Based on California law, the following details are for California individuals only:

California hourly rate: 
35hr USD
For full-time employees, your compensation package will include two major components: salary and equity. Guidance on salary for this role will be determined according to the level you enter the organization (with the ability to gain more through time as you contribute). 
 
Full-Time Employees are eligible for equity and benefits listed below in addition.

What we offer:

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields. 
Growth potential. We rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact. 
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan; parental leave.
Flexible time off  paid holidays.
Equity  401(k) plan.
Commuter Benefits.
Meals provided.


Multiple studies have found that a higher percentage of women and BIPOC candidates wont apply if they dont meet every listed qualification. Neuralink values candidates of all backgrounds. If you find yourself excited by our mission but you dont check every box in the description, we encourage you to apply anyway!
Neuralink provides equal opportunity in all of our employment practices to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information or any other category protected by federal, state and local laws.  This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, compensation, promotion, transfer, disciplinary action, layoff, return from layoff, training and social, and recreational programs. All such employment decisions will be made without unlawfully discriminating on any prohibited basis.