Company Description:
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence and invent new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.Team Description:
Join the Brain Interfaces team and be part of a team of remarkable and driven engineers accelerating our pathway to human ready brain-computer interfaces. We are looking for versatile engineers who are interested in architecting and implementing elegant software solutions and who thrive with the autonomy to propose creative approaches to problems. You will be responsible for writing software to interact with Neuralinks implant, as well as building systems for manufacturing and testing the device. You will have the opportunity to work directly with an exceptional team of mechanical, electrical, and firmware engineers on a small team that moves quickly.
Neuralink strives to be, as much as possible, a meritocratic environment: we require honest and transparent communication to ensure the best ideas win out, and we believe the best solutions emerge and the best teams are created when you assemble high-performing individuals and allow them to engage in rigorous and thoughtful inquiry. We want to work with exceptional people, and, to the extent that you excel, we want you to take on more responsibility and help all of us succeed. If this speaks to you, come join us.
About you:

You find large challenges exciting and enjoy discovering and defining problems as much as solving them.
You deliver. You may enjoy thoughtful conversations about problems and perfecting design, but in the end, you know that what matters is delivering reliable solutions. (Our ultimate aim is to help people; the right solution doesnt always achieve that.)
You are mission-driven and goal-oriented in your approach to solving problems.
You feel a sense of urgency to get things done sooner rather than later—because there is so much we, as people, can contribute to the world and accomplish in this life, its a shame to waste time.
You are resourceful, flexible, and adaptable; no task is too big or too small.

Key Qualifications:

Must have 2 years of industry experience 
Fluent in Python, C, and C (dont get hung up on this—being an exceptional software engineer matters above all)
Experience (and comfortable) with the LinuxUnix systems and command line
Evidence of exceptional ability in engineering, mathematics, or computer science
Strong understanding of engineering first principles
Strong intuition for what matters in a production system (vs. research-grade)
Pay Transparency:
Based on California law, the following details are for California individuals only:California base salary range:  145,000—175,000 USDFor full-time employees, your compensation package will include two major components: salary and equity. Guidance on salary for this role will be determined according to the level you enter the organization (with the ability to gain more through time as you contribute). 
 
Full-Time Employees are eligible for equity and benefits listed below in addition.

What we offer:

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields. 
Growth potential. We rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact. 
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan; parental leave.
Flexible time off  paid holidays.
Equity  401(k) plan.
Commuter Benefits.
Meals provided.


Multiple studies have found that a higher percentage of women and BIPOC candidates wont apply if they dont meet every listed qualification. Neuralink values candidates of all backgrounds. If you find yourself excited by our mission but you dont check every box in the description, we encourage you to apply anyway!
Neuralink provides equal opportunity in all of our employment practices to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information or any other category protected by federal, state and local laws.  This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, compensation, promotion, transfer, disciplinary action, layoff, return from layoff, training and social, and recreational programs. All such employment decisions will be made without unlawfully discriminating on any prohibited basis.