Company Description:
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence and invent new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.Company Description: 
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence, and inventing new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.
Job Description:
From day one, you will be boots-on-the-ground with engineers in support of our first human surgeries. You will execute and improve design transfer and manufacturing processes, learning the existing frameworks and building the trust of the engineering teams. The ideal candidate is someone with a technical background with strong writing skills, with the ability to parse important details from ambiguity, and who is comfortable working alongside design engineers and manufacturing lines. You will help the nascent products in the pipeline efficiently complete medical-grade design and manufacturing processes and, by doing so, ensure the highest standard of product reliability and performance across the team. 
Job Responsibilities:

Support the progress of an engineering change, including progress toward verifications and validations, working closely with Quality Systems (QS) to understand any updates to validation requirements and working closely with design engineers on the change description and on the design transfer activities.
Update the teams general system docs for each block of changes (ex. each FDA supplement), such as the System Description, and Intended Use, Normal Use, Essential Performance, and Reasonable Misuse
Help engineers execute the correct design transfer activities, and learn the system by doing. Manage the Design History File (DHF), DMR, DHR review, etc. for the teams parts. Organize the official reviews; ensuring that document control  signature processes happen correctly. Create and release the Design Transfer elements like product BOMs, manufacturing procedures, tooling, and packaging (with support from design engineers as needed).
Bridge between engineering design, manufacturing, and Quality Systems (QS). Work with QS to understand the current status of validations and adoptions and help designers select the correct validation strategies. Work with QS to help engineers make manufacturing workflows that maintain an extremely high standard for product safety and performance.
As you learn the pain points, implement solutions that make these processes faster and more reliable for engineers to execute.

About You:

You find large challenges exciting and enjoy discovering and defining problems as much as solving them.
You deliver. You may enjoy thoughtful conversations about problems and perfecting designs, but in the end, you know that what matters is delivering a manufacturable solution that works every time.
You are a cross-disciplinary team member. You are excited to work with and learn from software, mechanical, electrical, materials, biological engineers, and neuroscientists. You are comfortable communicating across teams.
Resourceful, flexible and adaptable; no task is too big or too small.

Key Qualifications: 

Bachelors Degree in science or engineering, or equivalent in experience and ability.
Strong understanding of engineering first principles.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Relentless attention to quality.
Experience making any processes more efficient

Preferred Qualifications: 

1 years of experience with rigorous design control processes in safety-critical applications. (for example, in medical, automotive, aerospace, nuclear industries)
1 years of experience working in a cleanroom production environment.
Familiarity with hardware, software, and firmware development and production.
Experience with medical device best practices and regulatory requirements for FDA andor international bodies. For example, Design Controls, GMP, GCP.
Track record of successfully implementing process improvements leading to increased efficiency and reliability.
Experience with risk analysis.
Pay Transparency:
Based on California law, the following details are for California individuals only:California base salary range:  93,350—144,616 USDFor full-time employees, your compensation package will include two major components: salary and equity. Guidance on salary for this role will be determined according to the level you enter the organization (with the ability to gain more through time as you contribute). 
 
Full-Time Employees are eligible for equity and benefits listed below in addition.

What we offer:

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields. 
Growth potential. We rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact. 
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan; parental leave.
Flexible time off  paid holidays.
Equity  401(k) plan.
Commuter Benefits.
Meals provided.


Multiple studies have found that a higher percentage of women and BIPOC candidates wont apply if they dont meet every listed qualification. Neuralink values candidates of all backgrounds. If you find yourself excited by our mission but you dont check every box in the description, we encourage you to apply anyway!
Neuralink provides equal opportunity in all of our employment practices to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information or any other category protected by federal, state and local laws.  This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, compensation, promotion, transfer, disciplinary action, layoff, return from layoff, training and social, and recreational programs. All such employment decisions will be made without unlawfully discriminating on any prohibited basis.