Company Description:
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence and invent new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.Team Description: 
The Next Gen team at Neuralink is developing the next generation of brain-computer interfaces. We are laying the groundwork for bidirectional interfaces between brains and machines, with the goal of helping people challenged by a variety of neurological disorders and conditions. Our team of scientists and engineers work closely together to define the engineering requirements for future products. As a software engineer on this team, you will write, test and deploy software that interacts with our neural interfaces and other data acquisition systems to decode and modulate brain activity.
Job Responsibilities and Description: 

Develop, validate, test, and deploy software systems
Write algorithms to decode and modulate neural activity
Design user experiences centered around neural control of devices
Review others code
Present results in a collaborative setting
Run and support research sessions in coordination with neuroengineers and animal training specialists

About You:

You find large challenges exciting and enjoy discovering and defining problems as much as solving them.
You deliver. You may enjoy thoughtful conversations about problems and perfecting designs, but in the end, you know that what matters is delivering reliable solutions.
You are a cross-disciplinary team member. You are excited to work with and learn from software, mechanical, electrical, materials, and neural engineers
You are comfortable communicating across teams
You feel a sense of urgency to get things done sooner rather than later
Resourceful, flexible and adaptable; no task is too big or too small
You are comfortable working closely with animals in a research environment

Key Qualifications: 

Evidence of exceptional ability in software engineering, or a related field.
A strong understanding of engineering first principles
Fluency in Python

Preferred Qualifications: 

Hands-on experience writing software that interacts with robotics or real-time systems
Working knowledge of compiled and system languages, ideally CC or Rust
Experience developing software for macOS or iOS, in Objective-CSwift
Pay Transparency:
Based on California law, the following details are for California individuals only:California base salary range:  125,050—175,242 USDFor full-time employees, your compensation package will include two major components: salary and equity. Guidance on salary for this role will be determined according to the level you enter the organization (with the ability to gain more through time as you contribute). 
 
Full-Time Employees are eligible for equity and benefits listed below in addition.

What we offer:

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields. 
Growth potential. We rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact. 
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan; parental leave.
Flexible time off  paid holidays.
Equity  401(k) plan.
Commuter Benefits.
Meals provided.


Multiple studies have found that a higher percentage of women and BIPOC candidates wont apply if they dont meet every listed qualification. Neuralink values candidates of all backgrounds. If you find yourself excited by our mission but you dont check every box in the description, we encourage you to apply anyway!
Neuralink provides equal opportunity in all of our employment practices to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information or any other category protected by federal, state and local laws.  This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, compensation, promotion, transfer, disciplinary action, layoff, return from layoff, training and social, and recreational programs. All such employment decisions will be made without unlawfully discriminating on any prohibited basis.