Company Description:
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence and invent new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.Team Description:
The Neuralink Clinical team is at the heart of an ecosystem that merges neuroscience, engineering, and medicine. We work to shape the future of brain-computer interface (BCI) technology through the planning, launch, and execution of groundbreaking human clinical trials. Our team is built on a foundation of excellence, aiming to uphold the highest standards of Good Clinical Practice (GCP) while redefining whats possible and revolutionizing the way people interact with technology. Through strict compliance with ethical and regulatory protocols, we focus on ensuring the well-being of our trial participants while advancing the frontiers of neuroscience! Every day will bring fresh challenges and unprecedented opportunities to pioneer new approaches in the pursuit of our mission. From navigating clinical pathways, designing trial protocols and documentation, and executing clinical trials, our team is instrumental in translating Neuralinks BCI technology for use in people. 
As the Head of Clinical, you will be accountable for excellence in our clinical operations and execution of our trials. This position requires end-to-end understanding of clinical trial processes, strong knowledge of regulatory requirements, and a proven track record in successful clinical trial management. Youll lead cross-functional efforts to drive the execution of clinical trials and operations, ensuring compliance with all applicable regulations, and partner closely with engineering teams.
Job Responsibilities and Description:

Oversee the planning, initiation, execution, and closure of clinical trials, ensuring adherence to timelines, budgets, and quality standards
Collaborate with internal stakeholders to design and optimize clinical trial protocols
Build and lead a high-performing clinical team dedicated to the highest standards of clinical trial design and management to achieve the companys objectives and meet all regulatory requirements
Collaborate with engineering, regulatory, and preclinical leads on US and international regulatory filings
Ensure compliance with Neuralink SOPs and all applicable regulatory requirements, including FDA regulations, Good Clinical Practice (GCP) guidelines, and international standards
Oversee the collection, management, and analysis of clinical trial data, ensuring accuracy, integrity, and compliance with data protection regulations
Develop and implement robust safety monitoring plans and proactively identify and mitigate potential risks related to clinical trial operations or participant safety

Key Qualifications:

7 years of professional experience in clinical trial management in the medical device industry
Understanding of the clinical trial process from beginning to end, including: experience managing interactions with regulatory bodies, site identification through closeout, CRO management experience both within the US and internationally
Significant contributor to clinical protocol for either EFS or Pivotal Study for FDA Class III device OR Class II surgical device (Class II Special Controls)
Led or supported Pivotal Study or PMA for FDA Class III device
Led or supported international study approval for a novel  significant risk device, like FDA Class III device OR Class II surgical device (Class II Special Controls or de-novo 510k)
Strong knowledge of FDA regulations, Good Clinical Practice (GCP) guidelines, and international regulatory requirements

Preferred Qualifications:

Led or supported clinical strategy from early feasibility study (EFS) through Pivotal Study for Class III devices
Demonstrated knowledge in medical device regulation and reimbursement pathways
Experience with robotics, active implantable devices, software, andor cybersecurity-related regulatory filings
Pay Transparency:
Based on California law, the following details are for California individuals only:California base salary range:  173,938—247,349 USDFor full-time employees, your compensation package will include two major components: salary and equity. Guidance on salary for this role will be determined according to the level you enter the organization (with the ability to gain more through time as you contribute). 
 
Full-Time Employees are eligible for equity and benefits listed below in addition.

What we offer:

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields. 
Growth potential. We rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact. 
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan; parental leave.
Flexible time off  paid holidays.
Equity  401(k) plan.
Commuter Benefits.
Meals provided.


Multiple studies have found that a higher percentage of women and BIPOC candidates wont apply if they dont meet every listed qualification. Neuralink values candidates of all backgrounds. If you find yourself excited by our mission but you dont check every box in the description, we encourage you to apply anyway!
Neuralink provides equal opportunity in all of our employment practices to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information or any other category protected by federal, state and local laws.  This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, compensation, promotion, transfer, disciplinary action, layoff, return from layoff, training and social, and recreational programs. All such employment decisions will be made without unlawfully discriminating on any prohibited basis.