Company Description:
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence and invent new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.Team Description:
The robotics and surgery engineering team is looking for electrical engineers who want to design the future of operating rooms. Our team is responsible for all electrical engineering aspects of a Neuralink surgery which includes working on our surgical robotics, supporting operating room equipment, and custom consumables manufacturing.
The core device you will work on is the robot system that performs the implantation of the Neuralink implant. Major subsystems include a 9-DOF robot for micron-precise electrode implantation, embedded cameras, optical coherence tomography surface estimation, fail-safe power distribution, 10G copper and optical networking, and safety systems such as estops, interlocks, and collision avoidance hardware. 
We also design the hardware to produce consumables such as our electropolished needles and laser machined needle cartridges. Because we manufacture a large percentage of our own hardware, bring up testing, hardware acceptance tester designs, and manufacturing are also core activities of our team.
About you: 

You deliver. You may enjoy thoughtful conversations about problems and perfecting designs, but ultimately you know that what matters is delivering a manufacturable solution that meets your spec.
You find open-ended challenges exciting and enjoy discovering and defining problems as much as solving them.
You are a cross-disciplinary team member. You are excited to work with and learn from neuroscientists and software, mechanical, electrical, materials, and biological engineering. You are comfortable communicating across teams.
Resourceful, flexible, and adaptable; no task is too big or too small.

Key Qualifications:

A degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent experience.
Minimum of 5 years of experience designing and building electronics including concept design, schematic capture, PCB layout, packaging, integration, design for test, design for manufacturability, and transitioning a product to production.

Preferred Qualifications: 

IEC 60601 and 80601 certifications of medical electrical equipment and robotically assisted surgical equipment
Real-time industrial Ethernet systems (e.g. EtherCat)
Designing or integrating systems with off-the-shelf compute hardware. Examples include MIPI or PCIe embedded camera hardware integration, networking PHYMAC hardware design, or PCIe expansion cards.
Competency in one of the following software languages: C, Javascript, Python, or C.
Demonstrable experience in developing electronics for critical systems in fields such as medical devices, aerospace, automotive, or military.
Designing for radiated emissions compliance or robustness to ESD.
Pay Transparency:
Based on California law, the following details are for California individuals only:California base salary range:  147,252—180,000 USDFor full-time employees, your compensation package will include two major components: salary and equity. Guidance on salary for this role will be determined according to the level you enter the organization (with the ability to gain more through time as you contribute). 
 
Full-Time Employees are eligible for equity and benefits listed below in addition.

What we offer:

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields. 
Growth potential. We rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact. 
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan; parental leave.
Flexible time off  paid holidays.
Equity  401(k) plan.
Commuter Benefits.
Meals provided.


Multiple studies have found that a higher percentage of women and BIPOC candidates wont apply if they dont meet every listed qualification. Neuralink values candidates of all backgrounds. If you find yourself excited by our mission but you dont check every box in the description, we encourage you to apply anyway!
Neuralink provides equal opportunity in all of our employment practices to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information or any other category protected by federal, state and local laws.  This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, compensation, promotion, transfer, disciplinary action, layoff, return from layoff, training and social, and recreational programs. All such employment decisions will be made without unlawfully discriminating on any prohibited basis.