Company Description:
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence and invent new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.Team Description: 
As an Engineering Technician at Neuralink for surgery hardware, you will work alongside the mechanical engineering team to tackle mission-critical projects by supporting multiple facets of surgery hardware manufacturing, testing, and use. This includes not only surgical devices, but also surgical proxies, like the one seen here. You will accomplish this by working closely with our hardware designers, machine shop, quality team, and surgery team, making sure that the parts are carefully made, released, and delivered where they are needed. 
As part of this, you will give and receive feedback tofrom designers, surgery staff, and others, as well as identify issues and execute improvement projects. Youll drive efforts like troubleshooting, data analysis, process improvement, and designingbuilding new fixtures. Your projects will immediately impact quality and rate of progress.
Job Responsibilities and Description: 

Assemble a range of medical devices and surgical proxies for both testing and final use
Manage surgery hardware inventory and order requests to facilitate preclinical and clinical study needs
Develop solutions that improve quality, efficiency, and traceability
Work closely with hardware engineers to support testing and issue resolution

Key Qualifications: 

Desire to work with safety-critical assemblies where quality is paramount
Solid understanding of basic physics
Built things that work 

Preferred Qualifications: 

1 year of experience in a manufacturing environment
Experience with Qualification and Acceptance Testing
Experience with production toolsbest practices such as work orders, issue tracking, inventory management systems, Lean Manufacturing, Six Sigma
Experience in a cleanroom environment
Pay Transparency:
Based on California law, the following details are for California individuals only:California base salary range:  32—40 USDFor full-time employees, your compensation package will include two major components: salary and equity. Guidance on salary for this role will be determined according to the level you enter the organization (with the ability to gain more through time as you contribute). 
 
Full-Time Employees are eligible for equity and benefits listed below in addition.

What we offer:

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields. 
Growth potential. We rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact. 
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan; parental leave.
Flexible time off  paid holidays.
Equity  401(k) plan.
Commuter Benefits.
Meals provided.


Multiple studies have found that a higher percentage of women and BIPOC candidates wont apply if they dont meet every listed qualification. Neuralink values candidates of all backgrounds. If you find yourself excited by our mission but you dont check every box in the description, we encourage you to apply anyway!
Neuralink provides equal opportunity in all of our employment practices to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information or any other category protected by federal, state and local laws.  This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, compensation, promotion, transfer, disciplinary action, layoff, return from layoff, training and social, and recreational programs. All such employment decisions will be made without unlawfully discriminating on any prohibited basis.