Company Description:
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence and invent new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.
Team Description: 
Come be a founding member of the nascent Surgery Reliability  Test Team, responsible for leveling-up surgery test infrastructure and driving continuous technical improvements to surgery. Build whatever is needed to (1) close the gap between mock-surgery testing and real surgery, and (2) enable a high cadence of representative mock-surgery testing to illuminate intermittent failure modes and facilitate rapid process improvement.
Example projects:

Design a surgical proxy that realistically tests robotic craniectomy RD
Design a spinal implant RD testbed that includes representative physiological motion and micromotion and reads implant health.
Implement a method for automatically gathering metrics from tests and surgeries (such as step times, tool use data, effect repeatability)
Build and scale a robust RD-to-production qualification test paradigm that maximizes test effectiveness while minimizing man hours
Lead root-cause investigations and update hardware designs as needed to optimize surgery

About you:

You find large challenges exciting and enjoy discovering and defining problems as much as solving them.
You deliver. You may enjoy thoughtful conversations about problems and perfecting designs, but in the end, you know that what matters is delivering a manufacturable solution that works every time.
You are a cross-disciplinary team member. You are excited to work with and learn from software, mechanical, electrical, materials, biological engineers, and neuroscientists. You are comfortable communicating across teams.
Resourceful, flexible and adaptable; no task is too big or too small.

Key qualifications:

Bachelors Degree in science or engineering, or equivalent in experience and ability.
2 years of mechanical (or electromechanical, or softwaremechanical) engineering industry experience, including owning projects from concept to production. 

Its OK to include internships and competitive project teams

Strong understanding of engineering first principles.

Preferred qualifications: 

Experience designingrunning a test for a complex system.
Experience interfacing with sensors, motors, etc
Software competency, for running tests  analyzing data  integrating dashboards
Experience with conventional machining and rapid prototyping technologies.

Pay Transparency:
Based on California law, the following details are for California individuals only:California base salary range:  110,000—166,989 USDFor full-time employees, your compensation package will include two major components: salary and equity. Guidance on salary for this role will be determined according to the level you enter the organization (with the ability to gain more through time as you contribute). 
 
Full-Time Employees are eligible for equity and benefits listed below in addition.

What we offer:

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields. 
Growth potential. We rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact. 
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan; parental leave.
Flexible time off  paid holidays.
Equity  401(k) plan.
Commuter Benefits.
Meals provided.


Multiple studies have found that a higher percentage of women and BIPOC candidates wont apply if they dont meet every listed qualification. Neuralink values candidates of all backgrounds. If you find yourself excited by our mission but you dont check every box in the description, we encourage you to apply anyway!
Neuralink provides equal opportunity in all of our employment practices to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information or any other category protected by federal, state and local laws.  This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, compensation, promotion, transfer, disciplinary action, layoff, return from layoff, training and social, and recreational programs. All such employment decisions will be made without unlawfully discriminating on any prohibited basis.