Company Description:
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence and invent new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.Team Description: 
The robotics and surgery engineering team is looking for electrical engineers who want to design the future of operating rooms. Our team is responsible for all electrical engineering aspects of a Neuralink surgery which includes working on our surgical robotics, supporting operating room equipment, and custom consumables manufacturing.
The core device you will work on is the robot system that performs the implantation of the Neuralink implant. Major subsystems include a 9-DOF robot for micron-precise electrode implantation, embedded cameras, optical coherence tomography surface estimation, fail-safe power distribution, 10G copper and optical networking, and safety systems such as estops, interlocks, and collision avoidance hardware. 
We also design the hardware to produce consumables such as our electropolished needles and laser machined needle cartridges. Because we manufacture a large percentage of our own hardware, bring up testing, hardware acceptance tester designs, and manufacturing are also core activities of our team.
Job Responsibilities and Description: 
As an electrical engineer on the surgery and robotics team your objective is to help design a robot that can safely, efficiently, and cost-effectively implant 10s of thousands of patients per year. To do this you will be expected to design, qualify, and transition to production a variety of custom printed circuit board electronics and integrated compute systems. This autonomy comes with the opportunity to execute large projects such as rearchitecting the motion axes and drives in our existing robot, or proposing entirely novel architectures such as new image capture pipelines, telemetry systems, networking architectures, and novel patient sensorstools. 
Key Qualifications:

A Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering, or other related ABET accredited degrees, or equivalent experience
1 years of industry experience designing and building printed circuit boards including initial trade studies, component selection, schematic capture, PCB layout and transitioning a product to production 
Advanced circuit board design experience with either microcontrollers or FPGAs

Electronics design experience with UART, I2C, SPI peripherals

PCBA bring up: test plan creation and execution and test equipment automation

Preferred Qualifications: 

Practical electronics design knowledge of designing for controlled radiated emissions and ESD robustness
Real-time industrial Ethernet systems (e.g. EtherCat)
Have designed electronics for critical systems in fields such as aerospace, automotive, military, or medical devices
Competency in one of the following software languages: C, Javascript, Python, or C
Experience with manufacturing acceptance test systems for circuit boards and circuit board assemblies
Pay Transparency:
Based on California law, the following details are for California individuals only:California base salary range:  105,000—112,000 USDFor full-time employees, your compensation package will include two major components: salary and equity. Guidance on salary for this role will be determined according to the level you enter the organization (with the ability to gain more through time as you contribute). 
 
Full-Time Employees are eligible for equity and benefits listed below in addition.

What we offer:

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields. 
Growth potential. We rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact. 
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan; parental leave.
Flexible time off  paid holidays.
Equity  401(k) plan.
Commuter Benefits.
Meals provided.


Multiple studies have found that a higher percentage of women and BIPOC candidates wont apply if they dont meet every listed qualification. Neuralink values candidates of all backgrounds. If you find yourself excited by our mission but you dont check every box in the description, we encourage you to apply anyway!
Neuralink provides equal opportunity in all of our employment practices to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information or any other category protected by federal, state and local laws.  This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, compensation, promotion, transfer, disciplinary action, layoff, return from layoff, training and social, and recreational programs. All such employment decisions will be made without unlawfully discriminating on any prohibited basis.