Company Description:
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence and invent new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.Team Description:
Join the Materials Engineering team at Neuralink and be part of an elite and diverse team of materials engineers, chemists, and device engineers working on high-performance, biocompatible materials for the next-generation brain-computer interfaces. We are looking for an experienced, hands-on materials technician for management and execution of materials characterization and testing experiments using in-house instrumentation. You will be an integral member of a small, fast-moving team. We also work closely with mechanical engineers and microfabrication experts for system integration and packaging solutions.
Job Responsibilities and Description: 
The Materials technician role at Neuralink will focus on testing materials using a range of characterization and accelerated aging techniques to improve device reliability and longevity. You will manage and execute experiments using characterization and testing platforms to determine and root-cause failure modes of medical devices. This will involve instruments such as dynamic mechanical analyzers, electrochemical probestations, etc. You will also be involved with various cross-team efforts to build high-throughput testing equipment for evaluating yield and longevity. For example, use-case accelerated aging testing, mechanical fatigue, etc.
 
You will be contributing to the development of high density, reliable neural interfaces that are at the ground level of brain-computer-interfaces. This is a unique opportunity to work closely in a multi-disciplinary team and in an environment where you have direct impact on the next-gen product.
About you:
You deliver. You may enjoy thoughtful conversations about problems and perfecting designs, but in the end, you know that what matters is delivering reliable results that feedback into real product design.
You are a cross-disciplinary team member. You are excited to work with and learn from software, mechanical, electrical, materials, biological engineers, and neuroscientists. You are comfortable communicating across teams.
You have strong attention to detail and organizational skills.
Resourceful, flexible and adaptable; no task is too big or too small.
 
Key Qualifications: 

Experience with the standard mechanical testing equipment (tensile tester, DMA, etc), user interfaces and familiarity with associated test standards (ASTM, etc)
Experience with mechanical design (Solidworks, etc)
Familiarity with the scientific principles involved in analyzing mechanical tests
2 years of hands-on experience with mechanical testing.

 
Preferred Qualifications: 

Experience with DMA, TMA, andor other mechanical related testing equipment
Experience with instrument operational software in addition to hardware for mechanical testing equipmentFamiliarity with failure analysis and mechanical modeling methods (i.e. FEA, COMSOL)Experience troubleshooting lab instrumentation for mechanical, electrochemical analysis.

This is a contract position, the hourly rate is between 21-27 which will be determine by level of experience. Contractors are not eligible for benefits. Benefits listed below are for full time employees. Contractors are eligible to apply to full time positions if in good standing with the company. For full-time employees, your compensation package will include two major components: salary and equity. Guidance on salary for this role will be determined according to the level you enter the organization (with the ability to gain more through time as you contribute). 
 
Full-Time Employees are eligible for equity and benefits listed below in addition.

What we offer:

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields. 
Growth potential. We rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact. 
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan; parental leave.
Flexible time off  paid holidays.
Equity  401(k) plan.
Commuter Benefits.
Meals provided.


Multiple studies have found that a higher percentage of women and BIPOC candidates wont apply if they dont meet every listed qualification. Neuralink values candidates of all backgrounds. If you find yourself excited by our mission but you dont check every box in the description, we encourage you to apply anyway!
Neuralink provides equal opportunity in all of our employment practices to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information or any other category protected by federal, state and local laws.  This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, compensation, promotion, transfer, disciplinary action, layoff, return from layoff, training and social, and recreational programs. All such employment decisions will be made without unlawfully discriminating on any prohibited basis.