Company Description:
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence and invent new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.Team Description:
The Next Gen team at Neuralink is developing the next generation of brain-computer interfaces. We are laying the groundwork for intuitive, high-dimensional, and bidirectional interfaces between brains and machines, with the goal of helping people challenged by a variety of neurological disorders and conditions. Our team consists of scientists and engineers, working closely together to define the engineering requirements for these future products. As a neuroengineer on this team you will contribute across a wide range of projects, from designing novel experimental preparations, to interpreting neural signals and behavioral data, to developing novel BCI paradigms. Successful candidates will be highly adaptable, able to deploy their core technical and creative skills to tackle a wide range of problems, and have a keen sense of urgency.
Job Responsibilities and Description:

Design, execute, interpret, and communicate the results of experiments
Develop decoding models for novel brain-computer interfaces
Develop encoding strategies for large scale sensory neural stimulation
Present results in a collaborative setting
Run and support research sessions in coordination with software engineers and animal training specialists

About You:

You find large challenges exciting and enjoy discovering and defining problems as much as solving them
You deliver. You may enjoy thoughtful conversations about problems and perfecting designs, but in the end, you know that what matters is delivering a solution that works every time
You are a cross-disciplinary team member. You are excited to work with and learn from software, mechanical, electrical, materials, and neural engineers
You are comfortable communicating across teams
Resourceful, flexible and adaptable; no task is too big or too small
You are comfortable working closely with animals in a research environment

Key Qualifications:

Evidence of exceptional ability in neuroscience, biomedical engineering or a related field
4 years of academic or industry experience
A strong understanding of the scientific method and engineering first principles
Fluency with Python for data analysis

Preferred Qualifications: 

Experience building and programming experimental instrumentation 
Experience with in-vivo electrophysiology, awake behaving recordings, and in particular, closed-loop brain-computer interface
Experience with modern statistical inference and machine learning
Experience with neural stimulation
Pay Transparency:
Based on California law, the following details are for California individuals only:California base salary range:  131,902—170,732 USDFor full-time employees, your compensation package will include two major components: salary and equity. Guidance on salary for this role will be determined according to the level you enter the organization (with the ability to gain more through time as you contribute). 
 
Full-Time Employees are eligible for equity and benefits listed below in addition.

What we offer:

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields. 
Growth potential. We rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact. 
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan; parental leave.
Flexible time off  paid holidays.
Equity  401(k) plan.
Commuter Benefits.
Meals provided.


Multiple studies have found that a higher percentage of women and BIPOC candidates wont apply if they dont meet every listed qualification. Neuralink values candidates of all backgrounds. If you find yourself excited by our mission but you dont check every box in the description, we encourage you to apply anyway!
Neuralink provides equal opportunity in all of our employment practices to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information or any other category protected by federal, state and local laws.  This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, compensation, promotion, transfer, disciplinary action, layoff, return from layoff, training and social, and recreational programs. All such employment decisions will be made without unlawfully discriminating on any prohibited basis.