Company Description:
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence and invent new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.Team info:
The robotics and surgery engineering team is responsible for making sure Neuralinks various implanted devices get installed safely and efficiently in our customers.  This means our job as a team is not limited just to the insertion of the implants electrodes, but instead is to own the full parking lot to parking lot experience of a potential Neuralink customer in a way that scales.  We started by focusing on electrode implantation, but for Neuralink devices to help the millions we hope it can, the entire experience of getting Neuralink devices must be safe, quick, and non-traumatic.  While we use the parking lot to parking lot idiom, this actually includes everything from pre-screening, to the design and building of vertically integrated clinics, to the actual day-of experience of getting our devices (pre-op, op, and post-op). We are responsible for all of this!
Job Responsibilities:
As a Neurosurgical Resident at Neuralink, you will train with our neurosurgical leads to function as assistant or primary surgeon for experimental brain-machine interface procedures using human cadavers or large animal subjects. In addition, you will work closely with technical teams to continuously refine and innovate surgical techniques and provide usability and safety feedback. You will also participate in engineering design reviews for new developments of the surgical robot, surgical process, or implant. Additionally, neurosurgeons work with veterinary anesthesiologists and veterinary technicians to ensure the humane and ethical use of animal subjects (read more about animal care and use at https:neuralink.comblog).
Key qualifications:

Doctor of Medicine in Neurosurgery.
You are a neurosurgeon, neurosurgical resident, or other surgeon-in-training as approved by Neuralink.
You have 1-2 years of experience performing neurosurgery in an operating room.
You have expert knowledge of operating room procedures with respect to sterile field, surgical equipment, and surgical procedures.

Preferred qualifications:

Evidence of exceptional ability in neurosurgery.
Keen attention to detail
First-principles-based thinking
Ability to effectively manage multiple and changing priorities.
Pay Transparency:
Based on California law, the following details are for California individuals only:California base salary range:  43—48 USDFor full-time employees, your compensation package will include two major components: salary and equity. Guidance on salary for this role will be determined according to the level you enter the organization (with the ability to gain more through time as you contribute). 
 
Full-Time Employees are eligible for equity and benefits listed below in addition.

What we offer:

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields. 
Growth potential. We rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact. 
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan; parental leave.
Flexible time off  paid holidays.
Equity  401(k) plan.
Commuter Benefits.
Meals provided.


Multiple studies have found that a higher percentage of women and BIPOC candidates wont apply if they dont meet every listed qualification. Neuralink values candidates of all backgrounds. If you find yourself excited by our mission but you dont check every box in the description, we encourage you to apply anyway!
Neuralink provides equal opportunity in all of our employment practices to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information or any other category protected by federal, state and local laws.  This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, compensation, promotion, transfer, disciplinary action, layoff, return from layoff, training and social, and recreational programs. All such employment decisions will be made without unlawfully discriminating on any prohibited basis.