Company Description:
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence and invent new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.Team info:
Neuralink is seeking a motivated Animal Welfare  IACUC Administrator who thrives working in a fast-paced research environment and works closely with a multidisciplinary team to assess, formulate, and evaluate the impact of policies from a strategic and operational perspective using first principles thinking to meet the administrative goals of the IACUC.  Staff in this role is responsible for providing technical and analytical recommendations as they relate to and enhance IACUC operations; updates, maintains, compiles and prepares database reports; streamlines existing and develops new policies and procedures; and conducts outreach and training presentations.  This role will also work closely with the Animal Welfare and Behavior team to develop high-quality, scientifically accurate, written materials that includes producing abstracts, posters, outlines, primary and review articles, slide presentations, and other materials.
Job Responsibilities:

Updates, maintains, compiles and prepares IACUC database reports
Streamlines existing and develops new IACUC policies and procedures
Conducts outreach and training presentations
Develop abstracts, posters, outlines, primary and review articles, slide presentations, and other materials
Other duties may be assigned

Key qualifications:

2 years of experience with IACUC administration.
Familiarity with regulations governing animal research.
Have prior experience preparing scientific research for presentation.
A strong understanding of the scientific method and engineering first principles.
Sound decision making and organizational skills with an eye for detail.
Excellent oral and written communication skills with the ability to present complex information to a variety of audiences.
A dedicated team player who brings initiative and thrives in a fast-paced team-focused environment.

Preferred qualifications:

Certified Professional in IACUC Administration (CPIA)
Masters degree, or higher, in Animal Welfare Science
Pay Transparency:
Based on California law, the following details are for California individuals only:California base salary range:  97,658—150,421 USDFor full-time employees, your compensation package will include two major components: salary and equity. Guidance on salary for this role will be determined according to the level you enter the organization (with the ability to gain more through time as you contribute). 
 
Full-Time Employees are eligible for equity and benefits listed below in addition.

What we offer:

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields. 
Growth potential. We rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact. 
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan; parental leave.
Flexible time off  paid holidays.
Equity  401(k) plan.
Commuter Benefits.
Meals provided.


Multiple studies have found that a higher percentage of women and BIPOC candidates wont apply if they dont meet every listed qualification. Neuralink values candidates of all backgrounds. If you find yourself excited by our mission but you dont check every box in the description, we encourage you to apply anyway!
Neuralink provides equal opportunity in all of our employment practices to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information or any other category protected by federal, state and local laws.  This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, compensation, promotion, transfer, disciplinary action, layoff, return from layoff, training and social, and recreational programs. All such employment decisions will be made without unlawfully discriminating on any prohibited basis.