Company Description:
We are creating the future of brain-computer interfaces: building devices now that have the potential to help people with paralysis regain mobility and independence and invent new technologies that could expand our abilities, our community, and our world.Team Description:
The facilities team is responsible for the maintenance, operation, and management of our buildings and facilities. Our team comprises a range of professionals with different areas of expertise, such as maintenance technicians, electricians, plumbers, HVAC technicians, groundskeepers, security personnel, and administrative staff. Our main goal is to ensure that our facilities operate efficiently, effectively, and safely while meeting the needs of the people who use them. Members of the team must be able to work collaboratively, prioritize tasks, and adapt to changing situations. 
Job Responsibilities: 

Perform plumbing, electrical, HVAC, and carpentry work
Construction, maintenance, repair, remodeling, and alteration of building structures and facilities according to work orders or verbal instructions
Install finished hardware such as door locks, hinges, and door checks
Install floor coverings such as linoleum tile, construct minor buildings or small additions to existing structures, and make minor roofing repairs
Install plumbing fixtures
Assist and support various contractors and engineers on job sites
Safely operate machinery such as boom lifts, scissor lifts, forklifts, etc

Key Qualifications:

Experience working with multiple trades during construction
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to read construction drawings and interpret specification sheets
Working knowledge of industry software such as Microsoft products
Ability to multitask, prioritize, and work in a fast-paced environment

Preferred Qualifications:

Evidence of exceptional ability
Strong desire to be a part of a world-class team focused on achieving amazing results

Please note: This is a temporary position.

Pay Transparency: 
Based on California law, the following details are for California individuals only:

California hourly rate range: 
39—44hr USD
 For full-time employees, your compensation package will include two major components: salary and equity. Guidance on salary for this role will be determined according to the level you enter the organization (with the ability to gain more through time as you contribute). 
 
Full-Time Employees are eligible for equity and benefits listed below in addition.

What we offer:

An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields. 
Growth potential. We rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact. 
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan; parental leave.
Flexible time off  paid holidays.
Equity  401(k) plan.
Commuter Benefits.
Meals provided.


Multiple studies have found that a higher percentage of women and BIPOC candidates wont apply if they dont meet every listed qualification. Neuralink values candidates of all backgrounds. If you find yourself excited by our mission but you dont check every box in the description, we encourage you to apply anyway!
Neuralink provides equal opportunity in all of our employment practices to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information or any other category protected by federal, state and local laws.  This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, compensation, promotion, transfer, disciplinary action, layoff, return from layoff, training and social, and recreational programs. All such employment decisions will be made without unlawfully discriminating on any prohibited basis.