We are looking for a Senior Manager who will be a key player responsible for annual planning, forecasting, performing budget vs. actuals analysis, business partnering, and tracking and benchmarking Key Performance Indicators for the business.
This candidate will partner with business leaders across the company and use financial acumen to drive positive return on investment. You will work with multiple business partners to define and deliver insightful metrics, analyses, forecasts, and operational finance support. A successful candidate will possess keen critical thinking plus analytical abilities with strong communication and project management skills; wants to work and thrive in a position that has an excellent career path.
Responsibilities

Strategic business partner within our Games organization, owning the full PL; provide sound financial recommendations and guidance on budgets and variance analyses for departments and project.
Perform financial analysis, build business models, and deliver recommendations to executives to help drive the business forward.
Manage compiling the monthly and quarterly reporting packages that include financial performance, detailed key financial metrics, and an executive overview of trends and variances.
Run budgeting, forecasting, headcount and long-range planning process across the organization.
Proactively identify and lead initiatives to continuously improve, automate, and scale forecasting and reporting tools, processes, and methodologies.
Collaborate with cross-functional team members and stakeholders, including regular and reliable attendance and participation in meetings.
Required in-office 2 days on Monday and Wednesday.

Qualifications

7 years of experience in FPA, Finance, Accounting, or related quantitative fields.
BSBA in Business, Economics, Finance or Accounting.
Experience working with executive leadership.
A well-rounded top performer, with a combination of analytical and interpersonal skills; execution-oriented and attention to timelines.
Organized, detail-oriented, and able to multi-task with limited direct supervision.
Outstanding quantitative and problem solving skills with the ability to understand and build sophisticated business models. Strong proficiency in Excel is a must.
Proven ability to present complex financial analysis in a clear and compelling manner to a non-finance audience.
Demonstrates initiative to learn, flexibility with ambiguity, resilience under pressure, and ability to anticipate and resolve problems before they arise.
Strong passion for technology and entertainment; enthusiasm for Niantics products.
Ability to work in a fast-paced hybrid environment and handle stress appropriately andor ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations with little advance notice.
Experience working on cross-functional teams with ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal communications, including synchronous interactions with others.

Plus If...

Experience at a high growth start-up or in the mobile gaming sector.
Understanding of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).
Experience with configuring and working with Adaptive Insights, NetSuite, and other financial tools.
Masters in Business Administration or Finance.

The total compensation package for this position includes a new hire offer base salary range of 176,400 - 196,000  bonus  equity  benefits.
Individual pay within this salary range is determined by work location and additional factors, including assessed job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can answer any questions about new hire total compensation during the hiring process. An overview of benefit offerings for your location can be found on the careers page.
Join the Niantic team!
Niantics global-scale augmented reality platform and digital map powers spatial computing experiences in the real world. Incubated out of the Maps team at Google, Niantic first created Ingress and then Pokmon GO, a cultural phenomenon and hit game played by tens of millions of people each month. Niantics Lightship platform, which powers Pokmon GO, also supports the companys other games including Pikmin Bloom, Peridot and Monster Hunter Now. Developers use Niantics platform to build their own AR applications and experiences, either with the Lightship Platform or directly through the web with 8th Wall.
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID