Niantics Engineering Team is seeking a Software Engineer to create high-performance mobile real-world MMO games at massive scale using Unity 3D on Android and iOS. You will work on a wide variety of technical challenges while creating engaging and fun real-world gameplay for a user-base in the billions. This role is not eligible for immigration sponsorship.
Responsibilities

Build engaging gameplay features that are fun and easy to use.
Create technical designs and develop code on game features, for a devoted user-base.
Collaborate with other engineers, product managers, game designers, and user experience designers to ensure the technology and user experience meets internal standards.
Participate in code reviews, technical design reviews, and write unit tests.
Collaborate with cross-functional team members and stakeholders, including regular and reliable attendance and participation in meetings.
Required in-office 3 days on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday.

Qualifications

You have a BS in Computer Science or other technical major, or equivalent experience.
You have a minimum two years of work experience developing in a multi-person game studio.
You have 3D game engine experience, particularly in Unity3D.
You can work in C or C.
Ability to work in a fast-paced hybrid environment and handle stress appropriately andor ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations with little advance notice. 
Experience working on cross-functional teams with ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal communications, including synchronous interactions with others.

Plus If...

You have mobile or console game performance optimization experience.

Join the Niantic team!
Niantics global-scale augmented reality platform and digital map powers spatial computing experiences in the real world. Incubated out of the Maps team at Google, Niantic first created Ingress and then Pokmon GO, a cultural phenomenon and hit game played by tens of millions of people each month. Niantics Lightship platform, which powers Pokmon GO, also supports the companys other games including Pikmin Bloom, Peridot and Monster Hunter Now. Developers use Niantics platform to build their own AR applications and experiences, either with the Lightship Platform or directly through the web with 8th Wall.
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID