Niantic Labs, creator of Ingress and Pokmon GO, is seeking an experienced UX Designer to help shape ground breaking, highly social experiences and innovative apps that move people through the real world. Were a fast-moving, multi-disciplinary team of software developers and creative professionals based. You will be responsible for designing intuitive UI, creating interaction flows, and helping guide the direction of the products to merge the virtual with the real world and to encourage players to experience adventures on foot.
Responsibilities

Create user interactions, design systems, UX flow wireframes, and interface designs for Monster Hunter Now. Brainstorm ideas, narratives and create prototypes to help find creative solutions to Niantics unique set of design challenges involving the real world.
Collaborate closely with cross functional peers of engineers, product managers, user researchers, and artists to build fun and exciting real-world experiences.
Mentor other UX Designers and help develop a strong player-centered mentality.
Collaborate with cross-functional team members and stakeholders, including regular and reliable attendance and participation in meetings.
Required in-office 3 days on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday.

Qualifications

5 years of experience.
Portfolio of work showcasing samples of interaction design for mobile applications.
Ability to create interaction flow wireframes based on high-level product spec.
Strong visual design skills and Figma experience.
Ability to create visualfunctional prototypes to test design ideas.
Experience with location services for mobile applications or games.
Strong communication skills with cross functional members and leadership.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English. Japanese language ability is a plus.
Ability to work in a fast-paced hybrid environment and handle stress appropriately andor ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations with little advance notice.
Experience working on cross-functional teams with ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal communications, including synchronous interactions with others.

Join the Niantic team!
Niantics global-scale augmented reality platform and digital map powers spatial computing experiences in the real world. Incubated out of the Maps team at Google, Niantic first created Ingress and then Pokmon GO, a cultural phenomenon and hit game played by tens of millions of people each month. Niantics Lightship platform, which powers Pokmon GO, also supports the companys other games including Pikmin Bloom, Peridot and Monster Hunter Now. Developers use Niantics platform to build their own AR applications and experiences, either with the Lightship Platform or directly through the web with 8th Wall.
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID