Niantics Legal Team is looking for a Product  Privacy Counsel to advise our teams as they develop and launch cutting-edge AR technology and mobile games that connect players with their local communities and each other. In this role you will partner with teams across the company to develop solutions for the legal, compliance and public policy challenges (and opportunities!) we encounter as we continue to develop innovative augmented reality experiences. This position will be based in Niantics San Francisco office.
Responsibilities

Lead legal support for our AR mapping platform, which powers popular apps developed by Niantic, and provides external developers with the tools they need to create immersive experiences and bring them to life in the real world.
Partner closely with our engineering and product management teams to identify and manage legal issues and risks during all stages of product development. Review product specifications for new tools and features, advising teams on privacy by design requirements, updates to existing terms and policies, as well as global regulatory requirements for both business-to-business and business-to-consumer products.
Educate teams about new and existing global regulatory issues, with a particular focus on privacy compliance.
Think creatively about the novel legal and policy issues arising from real-world location-based services and augmented reality products.
Collaborate with cross-functional team members and stakeholders, including Product, Security, and Data Science, to cultivate strong working relationships with project team members, including regular and reliable attendance and participation in meetings.
Required in-office 2 days on Monday and Wednesday.

Qualifications

5 years experience working in an innovative legal environment, ideally a combination of law firm and in-house experience.
Product counseling background, including experience with issue spotting and providing practical advice across a broad range of topics, including data privacy in location-based services and consumer protection.
Deep knowledge of privacy regulations, such as CCPA CPRA and GDPR as appropriate, and how to apply these in a product design context. Experience with COPPA, global age appropriate design codes, and familychild consumer technology products a plus.
Demonstrated business judgment, and the ability to analyze the costsbenefits of proposed resolutions to legal problems.
Ability to work in a fast-paced hybrid environment and handle stress appropriately andor ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations.
Experience working on diverse, cross-functional teams with the ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal communications, including synchronous interactions with others.
Experience with international product development and launch issues, and mobile expertise are both a plus.
JD with strong academic credentials.
Member in good standing of the California Bar or eligible to register as Registered In-House Counsel.

The total compensation package for this position includes a new hire offer base salary range of 184,000 - 215,000  bonus  equity  benefits.
Individual pay within this salary range is determined by work location and additional factors, including assessed job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can answer any questions about new hire total compensation during the hiring process. An overview of benefit offerings for your location can be found on the careers page.
Join the Niantic team!
Niantics global-scale augmented reality platform and digital map powers spatial computing experiences in the real world. Incubated out of the Maps team at Google, Niantic first created Ingress and then Pokmon GO, a cultural phenomenon and hit game played by tens of millions of people each month. Niantics Lightship platform, which powers Pokmon GO, also supports the companys other games including Pikmin Bloom, Peridot and Monster Hunter Now. Developers use Niantics platform to build their own AR applications and experiences, either with the Lightship Platform or directly through the web with 8th Wall.
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID