Niantics mission is to use emerging technology to enrich our experiences as human beings in the physical world. We build products that inspire movement, exploration, and face-to-face social interaction.
Niantics AR Web  8th Wall Team is seeking an adventurous Software Engineer, WebFull Stack. We seek engineers with strong technical background, great execution, and self-starter mentality. The ideal candidate loves to jump into the unknown, clarify ambiguities, quickly learn from failures, and break down vague ideas into concrete tasks.
Responsibilities

Architect and implement web features in JavascriptTypescript.
Build well-designed, reusable UI components that can be shared across Niantics web applications.
Collaborate between web, design, and product teams to ensure the goals of the product are aligned with the delivered feature or service.
Participate in code reviews, write unit tests, and conduct troubleshooting to ensure uptime for live systems.
Collaborate with cross-functional team members and stakeholders to cultivate strong working relationships with project team members, including regular and reliable attendance and participation in meetings.
Required in-office 5 days a week Monday - Friday in our Palo Alto office.

Qualifications

BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, or a related technical field.
Proficiency in JavaScript concepts like asynchronous programming, closure types.
Familiar with Node and Express for backend development.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and handle stress appropriately andor ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations with little advance notice.
Experience working on cross-functional teams with ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal communications, including synchronous interactions with others.

Plus If...

Experience building sophisticated single page web applications, particularly mobile-friendly ones.
Experience building websites that are cross-device and browser compatible.
Experience building web applications involving manipulation of geospatial, customer management, or analytics data.
Experience with Cloud Services like AWS  Azure  GCP.
Experience mentoring junior engineers or leading projects.

The total compensation package for this position includes a new hire offer base salary range of 135,000 - 176,000  bonus  equity  benefits.
Individual pay within this salary range is determined by work location and additional factors, including assessed job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can answer any questions about new hire total compensation during the hiring process. An overview of benefit offerings for your location can be found on the careers page.
Join the Niantic team!
Niantics global-scale augmented reality platform and digital map powers spatial computing experiences in the real world. Incubated out of the Maps team at Google, Niantic first created Ingress and then Pokmon GO, a cultural phenomenon and hit game played by tens of millions of people each month. Niantics Lightship platform, which powers Pokmon GO, also supports the companys other games including Pikmin Bloom, Peridot and Monster Hunter Now. Developers use Niantics platform to build their own AR applications and experiences, either with the Lightship Platform or directly through the web with 8th Wall.
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID