Were looking for a creative Social Media Manager to build engaging social campaigns and drive innovation on our channels. This person will be supporting the team by growing our brands social media presence, identifying and recommending content and channel trends, generating social copy, and launching social campaigns that captivate our players. Are you the curious type who likes to experiment with new trends and develop data-driven strategies to generate engagement? Do you like Pokmon or Pokmon GO? If so, we want to hear from you!
Responsibilities

Build, stage, and launch engaging social media campaigns.
Write detailed briefs and work cross-functionally to deliver compelling social media campaigns and promotions.
Oversee asset direction, development, and approval processes with internal and external partners.
Keep a pulse on the social landscape by tracking trends, social platforms, campaigns, and content (with a special focus on short-form video development).
Recommend innovative ways to reach new and existing players on social media.
Develop comprehensive reports to surface organic campaign performance and share recommendations based on the findings.
Identify relevant insights from social performance and community conversations to help drive innovation.
Collaborate with cross-functional team members and stakeholders, including regular and reliable attendance and participation in meetings.
Required in-office 3 days on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday.

Qualifications

2 years of relevant social media experience, including experience with recent social platform trends and their features (e.g. TikTok, Instagram Reels, etc).
Thinks creatively, and loves innovating.
Undeterred by quick turnaround times, multi step approval processes, and trying new things.
Detail driven, communicative, and a collaborative teammate.
Keeps up to date with social media industry trends.
Interested in Pokmon GO, Pokmon, or mobile game marketing.
Experience using Sprinklr or other related content management tools.
Ability to work in a fast-paced hybrid environment and handle stress appropriately andor ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations with little advance notice. 
Experience working on cross-functional teams with ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal communications, including synchronous interactions with others.

Join the Niantic team!
Niantics global-scale augmented reality platform and digital map powers spatial computing experiences in the real world. Incubated out of the Maps team at Google, Niantic first created Ingress and then Pokmon GO, a cultural phenomenon and hit game played by tens of millions of people each month. Niantics Lightship platform, which powers Pokmon GO, also supports the companys other games including Pikmin Bloom, Peridot and Monster Hunter Now. Developers use Niantics platform to build their own AR applications and experiences, either with the Lightship Platform or directly through the web with 8th Wall.
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID