Are you interested in building entertainment systems with Augmented Reality? Peridot is a charming, boundary-pushing application in a space without precedent. The team is shipping the future, learning what is engaging in the intersection of reality and fantasy. Were defining the design paradigms of AR, and were in-market, experimenting right now.
Were looking for a hardworking, entry-level Production Assistant to coordinate our in-game events and assist with the day-to-day activities of running an in-market live game. The ideal candidate has an existing passion for LiveOps and is able to balance multiple tasks on timelines. In this role, you will work closely with game design, quality assurance, marketing, localization, community, operations and production. The perfect candidate wants to enter in the games industry and is motivated by gaining knowledge to someday design, create and tune live, in-game experiences.
Responsibilities

Set up, test and run live, in-game events.
Assemble early event feedback for design prioritization.
Lead live event retrospectives, owning process and execution improvements.
Run and record outcomes of weekly team playtests.
Set up and update direct marketing communications.
Lead localization efforts.
Keep Jira boards and other tools updated for transparency across the org.
Collaborate with cross-functional team members and stakeholders, including regular and reliable attendance and participation in meetings.
Required in-office 2 days on Tuesday and Wednesday.

Qualifications

Demonstration of abilities to do rapid, detailed tasks with a high quality bar.
Expertise with spreadsheets and in summarizing and analyzing large data sets.
Evidence of understanding development schedules, pipelines and dependencies.
Bachelors degree in design, art, communications andor a technical field.
Extraordinary organizational skills.
Outstanding verbal and written communication.
Ability to work in a fast-paced hybrid environment and handle stress appropriately andor ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations with little advance notice.
Experience working on cross-functional teams with ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal communications, including synchronous interactions with others.

Plus If...

Love of games and game development.
Experience using analytics to make decisions.
Software engineeringJSON management.
Unity experience.
AR development experience.
Live event experience.

The total compensation package for this position includes a new hire offer base salary range of 93,000 - 103,000  bonus  equity  benefits.
Individual pay within this salary range is determined by work location and additional factors, including assessed job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can answer any questions about new hire total compensation during the hiring process. An overview of benefit offerings for your location can be found on the careers page.
Join the Niantic team!
Niantics global-scale augmented reality platform and digital map powers spatial computing experiences in the real world. Incubated out of the Maps team at Google, Niantic first created Ingress and then Pokmon GO, a cultural phenomenon and hit game played by tens of millions of people each month. Niantics Lightship platform, which powers Pokmon GO, also supports the companys other games including Pikmin Bloom, Peridot and Monster Hunter Now. Developers use Niantics platform to build their own AR applications and experiences, either with the Lightship Platform or directly through the web with 8th Wall.
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID