Niantics AR Web  8th Wall Team is seeking an adventurous Augmented Reality Computer Vision Engineer.
In this role youll build the next generation of Augmented Reality technologies on the web. You will usher new exciting capabilities to augment web browsers experience: e.g. Simultaneous Localization and Mapping, Image and Object Tracking, Object and Class Segmentation. Your work will run on billions of devices and provide seamless immersive experience for millions of users.
Responsibilities

Build and verify Computer Vision algorithms on a variety of devices including desktop  mobile native applications, desktop  mobile  head-mounted display (HMD) browsers.
Develop new Computer Vision technologies that runs in WebAssembly.
Design and build toolings and frameworks to run Computer Vision applications inside of browsers (both mobile and HMD devices).
Work with researchers to bring research models to production and deployed on browsers.
Follow good software engineering practices: produce testable code, apply the correct design patterns.
Collaborate with cross-functional team members and stakeholders, including regular and reliable attendance and participation in meetings.
Required in-office 5 days a week Monday - Friday in our Palo Alto office.

Qualifications

3 years of experience in software development.
Proficiency in C, and JavaScript.
Proficiency in Computer Vision topics: Simultaneous Localization and Tracking, Feature-based Object tracking, Multi-view Geometry.
Experience working on cross-functional teams with ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal communications, including synchronous interactions with others.
Ability to work in a fast-paced hybrid environment and handle stress appropriately andor ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations with little advance notice.

Plus If...

Knowledge of real-time 3D graphics pipeline optimization for mobile platforms.
Experience with Shader development.
Knowledge in WebAssembly.
Knowledge in benchmarking and optimizing Neural Network for edge devices.
Knowledge of WebXR and other XR frameworks.
Experience building cloud-based andor hybrid solutions with leading providers such as Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Azure.

The total compensation package for this position includes a new hire offer base salary range of 149,000 - 194,000  bonus  equity  benefits.
Individual pay within this salary range is determined by work location and additional factors, including assessed job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can answer any questions about new hire total compensation during the hiring process. An overview of benefit offerings for your location can be found on the careers page.
Join the Niantic team!
Niantics global-scale augmented reality platform and digital map powers spatial computing experiences in the real world. Incubated out of the Maps team at Google, Niantic first created Ingress and then Pokmon GO, a cultural phenomenon and hit game played by tens of millions of people each month. Niantics Lightship platform, which powers Pokmon GO, also supports the companys other games including Pikmin Bloom, Peridot and Monster Hunter Now. Developers use Niantics platform to build their own AR applications and experiences, either with the Lightship Platform or directly through the web with 8th Wall.
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID