Are you ready to drive a game that brings a positive impact to the world through the power of mobile and location technologies? As a Live Game Producer for Monster Hunter Now, you will lead teams and work across the company on our latest and fastest growing title. Were looking for a bold and innovative Product Manager to work on current and upcoming Live Operations and related features that energize fans and immerse them into the beloved world of the Monster Hunter. You will steer the seasonal planning to keep hunters engaged all year round, drive cross-functional teams to delight our users, and make the world better by helping users go out and explore the world!
Responsibilities

Work with the leadership team to define the operational properties of game development, including development processes, production planning, status reporting, risk management, resource management and budgets.
Build business and drive financial results through data-informed design and fast iterations of in-game event design and product updates.
Collaborate with engineers, designers, artists, marketers and cross-functional team members to bring your vision to market.
Lead a team of game experts to define and implement Monster Hunter Nows Live Ops strategy, driving the weekly, monthly and seasonal events and narrative, keeping the game fresh and fun between major features.
Collaborate with cross-functional team members and stakeholders, including regular and reliable attendance and participation in meetings.
Required in-office 3 days on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday.

Qualifications

5 years experience producing a live service mobile game.
You have collaborated on the growth of a live product or service.
You are able to demonstrate extraordinary organization, communication, thoroughness, and leadership skills while working on cross-functional teams (design, engineering, production, etc.).
You have an interest or excitement about AR and mobile games.
Ability to work in a fast-paced hybrid environment and handle stress appropriately andor ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations with little advance notice.
Willingness to travel.

Join the Niantic team!
Niantics global-scale augmented reality platform and digital map powers spatial computing experiences in the real world. Incubated out of the Maps team at Google, Niantic first created Ingress and then Pokmon GO, a cultural phenomenon and hit game played by tens of millions of people each month. Niantics Lightship platform, which powers Pokmon GO, also supports the companys other games including Pikmin Bloom, Peridot and Monster Hunter Now. Developers use Niantics platform to build their own AR applications and experiences, either with the Lightship Platform or directly through the web with 8th Wall.
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID