The Head of People will play a strategic role in leading the People function at Niantic, overseeing Recruiting, Total Rewards, Systems  Operations, Diversity  Inclusion and Talent Management. This person will enhance the employee experience through every stage of the employee lifecycle, deliver impactful programs that will increase employee development and engagement and will partner closely with the leadership team to drive a high performance culture. They will have a strong business mindset and will coach and advise other leaders and employees in the organization. This person will manage a team that is results-oriented and data-driven and will implement repeatable and scalable processes and solutions. Niantic is a people-centric organization and this leader will be a role model of Niantics core values.
Key Priorities

Operate as a trusted advisor to the leadership team by being a true partner in building and establishing a comprehensive people strategy to drive the business.
Be the thought leader in areas of talent, performance and team effectiveness to strengthen the organizations results.
Set the long range plan to ensure the business has the talent, structure, engagement and capabilities needed now and in the future.
Establish OKRs (objectives and key results) for the function.
Up-level operational excellence and efficiency.

Qualifications

People Leadership Experience: A minimum of 10 years of experience in global people functions with oversight of various pillars including recruiting, talent management, employee relations, organizational design, diversity  inclusion, total rewards, learning  development, HRIS and other systems and people operations.
Stakeholder Management: Ability to communicate effectively with and gain buy-in from a broad range of stakeholders, including the CEO, executive team, business unit leaders, peersdirect reports, vendors and the board.
Business  Industry Acumen: An understanding of the business and the ability to translate business needs into a strategic people plan and actions.
Required in-office 2 days on Tuesday and Wednesday.

Skills

Works in a highly collaborative manner.
Leads effectively through ambiguous situations.
Displays team-oriented mindset when coaching and mentoring at all levels of the organization.
Leverages data to provide thoughtful recommendations.
Moves quickly and flexibly to provide advice.
Demonstrates strong EQ and communicates empathetically and clearly.

The total compensation package for this position includes a new hire offer base salary range of 265,000 - 370,000  bonus  equity  benefits.
Individual pay within this salary range is determined by work location and additional factors, including assessed job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can answer any questions about new hire total compensation during the hiring process. An overview of benefit offerings for your location can be found on the careers page.
Join the Niantic team!
Niantics global-scale augmented reality platform and digital map powers spatial computing experiences in the real world. Incubated out of the Maps team at Google, Niantic first created Ingress and then Pokmon GO, a cultural phenomenon and hit game played by tens of millions of people each month. Niantics Lightship platform, which powers Pokmon GO, also supports the companys other games including Pikmin Bloom, Peridot and Monster Hunter Now. Developers use Niantics platform to build their own AR applications and experiences, either with the Lightship Platform or directly through the web with 8th Wall.
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID