Niantics mission is to use emerging technology to enrich our experiences as human beings in the physical world. We build products that inspire movement, exploration, and face-to-face social interaction.
We are seeking a FullStack Game Development Engineer to join our Pokmon GO team and help build features across a variety of live-game challenges and features. You will work across the stack to bring delightful features to our players. You will leverage your curiosity and passion for mobile games to develop best in class game features. We seek engineers with strong technical background, great execution, and self-starter mentality. The ideal candidate loves to jump into the unknown, clarify ambiguities, quickly learn from failures, and break down vague ideas into concrete tasks.
Responsibilities

Develop both client-side game interfaces and backend services on features for Pokmon GO.
Work with designers and artists to help collaborate on innovative gameplay and build the world of Pokmon GO.
Work with a team of engineers, designers, game designers, and producers to execute on a creative vision and deliver robust, efficient, and modular back-end systems and services.
Participate in code reviews, write unit tests, and conduct troubleshooting to ensure uptime for live systems.
Design and implement scalable systems with a focus on flexibility and stability with a large and diverse player base.
Analyze software for performance and improvements in a legacy codebase.
Collaborate closely with cross-functional team members and stakeholders, including regular and reliable attendance and participation in meetings.
Mentor engineers on the team.
Required in-office 2 days on Wednesday and Thursday.

Qualifications

BS in Computer Science or other technical major, or equivalent experience.
3 years of experience building highly scalable, low latency, highly responsive interactive applications.
Experience working in game engines like Unity3D.
Experience programming in C, Java, or Python.
Fluent in data storage technologies such as PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, Spanner.
Experience with cloud hosting providers, such as Google Cloud, Azure or AWS.
Experience working on multiplayer networked games.
Experience working with diverse cross disciplinary teams, and are able to work in an iterative and creative environment.
Experience shipping high performance games on Mobile, Console, or PC. Mobile preferred.
Ability to work in a fast-paced hybrid environment and handle stress appropriately andor ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations with little advance notice.
Experience working on cross-functional teams with ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal communications, including synchronous interactions with others.

Plus If...

A passion for Pokmon GO or games that bring communities together and encourage innovation and exploration.
Previous experience in the gaming industry - mobile andor games-as-a-service.
Experience with multi-region, distributed systems.

The total compensation package for this position includes a new hire offer base salary range of 151,000- 176,000 bonus  equity  benefits.
Individual pay within this salary range is determined by work location and additional factors, including assessed job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can answer any questions about new hire total compensation during the hiring process. An overview of benefit offerings for your location can be found on the careers page.
Join the Niantic team!
Niantics global-scale augmented reality platform and digital map powers spatial computing experiences in the real world. Incubated out of the Maps team at Google, Niantic first created Ingress and then Pokmon GO, a cultural phenomenon and hit game played by tens of millions of people each month. Niantics Lightship platform, which powers Pokmon GO, also supports the companys other games including Pikmin Bloom, Peridot and Monster Hunter Now. Developers use Niantics platform to build their own AR applications and experiences, either with the Lightship Platform or directly through the web with 8th Wall.
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID