Are you ready to help drive a platform that brings a positive impact to the world through the power of mobile, location, and augmented reality technologies? We are looking for a Product Manager on Game Platform, who will define product roadmaps for the marketing and experimentation teams.
Niantics games have millions of daily active users who have collectively made over 500 million friendship connections and walked over 38 billion kilometers. By creating mobile, location-based AR games such as Pokmon GO, Pikmin Bloom, Ingress: Prime, and Monster Hunter Now, Niantic has encouraged people to discover new places, meet new people, and get healthier along the way. We passionately believe that our products are changing the way people play, interact, and connect and that AR will continue to lead the transformation by uniting the digital and physical worlds.
The Platform Product Manager is proficient in the use of data analytics, product development in interpreting needs of the business. This role requires experience:

Building scalable tools and systems that facilitate player engagement and retention.
With industry standard marketing and analytics platforms such as Google Analytics, Looker, Braze, Leanplum.
Driving collaboration across marketing teams, game producers and engineers.

Responsibilities

Drive the roadmap for marketing technology and experimentation platform at Niantic.
Drive processes for product discovery and roadmaps, cross functional alignment, customer feedback, objectives  key results with a singular mission to make our games successful.
Set product goals aligned with our 1st party game teams and track progress.
Partner with game teams in conducting experiments and running campaigns on directly owned channels.
Drive value analysis to ensure product decisions drive desired business outcomes.
Collaborate with cross-functional team members and stakeholders, including regular and reliable attendance and participation in meetings.
Required in-office 2 days on Wednesday and Thursday.

Qualifications

2 years of product management experience, preferably with experience building martech capabilities such as email, push, pop-ups, newsfeed and in-app surveys.
Understands how to leverage data to power segmentation, personalization and new engaging experiences.
Able to write SQL, design AB experiments and deliver metrics improvements.
High degree of proficiency in making data informed decisions.
Self-motivated and proactive, with critical thinking capabilities, and a high tolerance for ambiguity.
Experience collaborating with engineering teams to assess technical solutions, and driving alignment across cross-functional teams, to achieve both customer and business goals.
Enjoys building new growth levers and thinking creatively and from first principles.
Experience with building experimentation platforms is a plus.
Ability to work in a fast-paced hybrid environment and handle stress appropriately andor ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations with little advance notice. 
Experience working on cross-functional teams with ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal communications, including synchronous interactions with others.

The total compensation package for this position includes a new hire offer base salary range of 154,000 - 171,000  bonus  equity  benefits.
Individual pay within this salary range is determined by work location and additional factors, including assessed job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can answer any questions about new hire total compensation during the hiring process. An overview of benefit offerings for your location can be found on the careers page.
Join the Niantic team!
Niantics global-scale augmented reality platform and digital map powers spatial computing experiences in the real world. Incubated out of the Maps team at Google, Niantic first created Ingress and then Pokmon GO, a cultural phenomenon and hit game played by tens of millions of people each month. Niantics Lightship platform, which powers Pokmon GO, also supports the companys other games including Pikmin Bloom, Peridot and Monster Hunter Now. Developers use Niantics platform to build their own AR applications and experiences, either with the Lightship Platform or directly through the web with 8th Wall.
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID