Pikmin Bloom launched globally in October 2021, and has been steadily growing its player base. For wandering and spending time outside, players are rewarded with items that can either grow or feed Pikmin creatures that appear throughout the main Pikmin trilogy by Nintendo.
Niantic is looking for a Product Marketing Manager to help lead the marketing communications and planning around all of the live game components of Pikmin Bloom as well as events in real-life. The ideal candidate has an existing passion for the product and is able to juggle multiple responsibilities. In this role, you will work closely with various cross-functional teams to deliver strategies and tactics aimed at growing Pikmin Blooms player base while keeping existing players informed and engaged.
As this is a global product, you will need to collaborate with teammates from around the world to ensure consistency and accuracy across all regions for any marketing initiative.
Responsibilities

Be responsible for go-to-market execution for all live game marketing campaigns.
Find opportunities for growing business ( of players, revenue) and take appropriate actions with a data-driven focus on results.
Define and champion new feature launches andor marketing campaigns in close coordination with internal cross-functional partners including Product Management, Engineering, Game Design, Business DevelopmentPartnerships, OperationsCustomer Support, Marketing Communications, Community Management and CommsPublic Relations teams, external partners (including local governments), and also external marketing  PR agencies.
Track and work towards goals including: consumer awareness, user acquisition, DAU, MAU, ARPU and user retention.
You will track and interpret product and marketing analytics; suggest improvements or revised marketing strategies, where relevant.
You will build, guide and track the global marketing budget for this title.
You will conduct return on investment analyses on marketing campaigns and apply takeaways to future programs.
You have a passion for crafting and producing impactful experiences (including real-world events as well as digital promotions) for fans, and strong commitment and initiatives to achieve the business goal.
Required in-office 3 days on Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday.

Qualifications

BABS degree or equivalent practical experience.
6 years experience in marketing of IT or entertainment industry.
Experience developing product positioning strategies that factor in market and competitive dynamics.
Direct marketing, marketing program management, or marketing consulting.
Paid media campaign strategy and management including creative development, agency selection, media buying, campaign tracking and optimization.
Social media marketing; familiarity with community management  engagement strategies a plus.
Experience working on a highly cross-functional team with ability to lead complex projects with multiple partners and multiple priorities.
Partnership management experience - close collaboration with business partners andor IP holders.
3rd party partnership management experience, including agencies and other vendors.
Strong initiative, and outstanding verbal and written communication skills, with experience in developing and delivering executive presentations.
Passion for analyzing products, customers and market dynamics.
Strategic problem solver with strong leadership, management, and social skills.
Knowledge and understanding of Niantics mission.
Native in Japanese, and business level communication in English.
Able to travel, including domestically within Japan and internationally.
Ability to work in a fast-paced hybrid environment and handle stress appropriately andor ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations with little advance notice.
Experience working on cross-functional teams with ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal communications, including synchronous interactions with others.

Plus If...

Avid player of Niantic games, especially Pikmin Bloom.
Business experience in an international environment.
Experience as a Product Marketing Manager.
Experience managing relationships with external partners.
Game industry experience.

Join the Niantic team!
Niantics global-scale augmented reality platform and digital map powers spatial computing experiences in the real world. Incubated out of the Maps team at Google, Niantic first created Ingress and then Pokmon GO, a cultural phenomenon and hit game played by tens of millions of people each month. Niantics Lightship platform, which powers Pokmon GO, also supports the companys other games including Pikmin Bloom, Peridot and Monster Hunter Now. Developers use Niantics platform to build their own AR applications and experiences, either with the Lightship Platform or directly through the web with 8th Wall.
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID