Niantic is seeking Software Engineers to help build next-generation augmented reality and location-based games using Niantics Real World Platform.  The ideal candidate has a love for games and the ability to collaborate with Unity developers, technical artists, and game designers in order to build fun games at scale. We seek engineers with strong judgment, great execution, and a willingness to take on new responsibilities. You will work on all aspects of the game backend, from designing RPC protocols to writing game logic to deploying and monitoring the servers. Building systems with security and scalability in mind is a must.
Our focus is shipping fun, world-class games. We value engineers who consistently deliver quality results. You will join an outstanding team of like-minded people to create cutting-edge mobile and AR experiences.
Responsibilities

Create robust, low-latency, scalable systems that support Niantics products.
Design the RPC protocols and implement server-side features in Java.
Collaborate with other engineers, product managers, and other departments to ensure code meets internal standards.
Perform load testing, participate in code reviews, write unit tests, and conduct troubleshooting to ensure uptime for live systems.
Collaborate with cross-functional team members and stakeholders, including regular and reliable attendance and participation in meetings.
Required in-office 3 days on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday.

Qualifications

You have a BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, or a related technical field, or equivalent experience.
Minimum of 2 years of experience building reliable scalable platforms, 5 years for senior level candidates.
Proficiency in one of the following languages: Java, Go or C.
Experience building networked and distributed systems.
Experience building concurrent and multi-threaded services.
Delivered solutions to production environments, and provided tools to monitor, support and mitigate any issues.
Ability to work in a fast-paced hybrid environment and handle stress appropriately andor ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations with little advance notice.
Experience working on cross-functional teams with ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal communications, including synchronous interactions with others.

Plus If

You have experience with deployment on hosting providers, such as Google Cloud, Azure or AWS.
Familiarity with Kubernetes, infrastructure as code (such as Terraform).
Experience mentoring junior engineers or leading projects.

Join the Niantic team!
Niantics global-scale augmented reality platform and digital map powers spatial computing experiences in the real world. Incubated out of the Maps team at Google, Niantic first created Ingress and then Pokmon GO, a cultural phenomenon and hit game played by tens of millions of people each month. Niantics Lightship platform, which powers Pokmon GO, also supports the companys other games including Pikmin Bloom, Peridot and Monster Hunter Now. Developers use Niantics platform to build their own AR applications and experiences, either with the Lightship Platform or directly through the web with 8th Wall.
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID