Come on board and help craft how real-world games are positioned and presented to the world. As an Emerging Markets Manager, you will lead, build and drive product emerging marketing strategies for Niantics real-world Augmented Reality mobile games. Part creative, part analytical, this role will make you flex your strategic and tactical muscle to help launch and run campaigns, drive growth, increase retention and build user happiness in our quest to get the world exploring more with our games. Niantics games are distinct from typical casual mobile games, and so is our marketing strategy. During your time here, youll experience meticulous learning and development, mentoring from senior leaders in the company, and opportunities to lead an array of initiatives spanning multiple markets. And, most meaningfully, youll have tons of fun.
Responsibilities

Adopt global product positioning to emerging market requirements.
Define and implement go-to-market, engagement  retention strategies in close coordination with cross-functional collaborators such as Global Product Management, Business Development, Operations, Legal, Marketing, and CommunicationsPR teams.
Maintain relationships with regional key business partners and drive regional alignment on major marketing initiatives with our distributed team members from global offices.
Build and evolve product positioning and key messaging for use in external communications in Emerging Markets.
Assist business development teams in creative pitches to partners; conceptualize and action on partner marketing programs.
Implement the Live-Ops strategy  programs with relevant team members.
Analyze, track and interpret product and marketing metrics; suggest improvements or revised marketing strategies, where relevant.
Collaborate with cross-functional team members and stakeholders, including regular and reliable attendance and participation in meetings.
Required in-office 2 days on Tuesday and Thursday.

Qualifications

Bachelors degree (or foreign equivalent) in Marketing, Computer Science, Engineering, Business Administration, or a related field. Masters degree a plus.
4 years of relevant marketing experience (ideally in F2Pfreemium businesses on mobile).
Product positioning strategies that factor in market and driven dynamics.
Direct marketing, marketing program management, or marketing consulting.
Mobile paid media campaign strategy and management including creative development, agency selection, media buying, campaign tracking and optimization.
Online data measurement and analysis of products, customers, and market dynamics (ideally in the mobile appsgaming space).
Social media marketing; familiarity with Community management  engagement strategies a plus.
Shown capacity for developing and understanding strategy.
Experience working on a highly cross-functional team with the ability to lead sophisticated projects with multiple partners and multiple priorities.
Strong leadership, initiative, and outstanding verbal and written communication skills, with experience in developing and delivering executive presentations.
Passionated for analyzing products, customers and market dynamics.
Knowledge and understanding of Niantics mission and strategic and competitive position in the market.
Strong understanding of the competitive landscape in markets such as India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Turkey, Philippines, etc.
Ability to work in a fast-paced hybrid environment and handle stress appropriately andor ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations with little advance notice. 
Experience working on cross-functional teams with ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal communications, including synchronous interactions with others.

Plus If...

Passionate about Niantic games!

The total compensation package for this position includes a new hire offer base salary range of  77,400 - 109,000  bonus  equity  benefits.
Individual pay within this salary range is determined by work location and additional factors, including assessed job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can answer any questions about new hire total compensation during the hiring process. An overview of benefit offerings for your location can be found on the careers page.
Join the Niantic team!
Niantics global-scale augmented reality platform and digital map powers spatial computing experiences in the real world. Incubated out of the Maps team at Google, Niantic first created Ingress and then Pokmon GO, a cultural phenomenon and hit game played by tens of millions of people each month. Niantics Lightship platform, which powers Pokmon GO, also supports the companys other games including Pikmin Bloom, Peridot and Monster Hunter Now. Developers use Niantics platform to build their own AR applications and experiences, either with the Lightship Platform or directly through the web with 8th Wall.
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID