Niantics UX team seeks a Staff AR User Experience Designer to lead end-to-end product and visual design across augmented reality projects.
Niantic UX works with some of the worlds most advanced AR technologies to design visually innovative, bleeding-edge experiences for tens of millions of users worldwide, encouraging discovery, exercise, and meaningful social experiences.
Niantics mission is to use emerging technology to enrich our experiences as human beings in the physical world. We build games that encourage movement, exploration, and face-to-face social interaction. We are seeking an experienced Staff AR User Experience Designer to help craft the future of Niantics AR experiences, platform technology, and creator tools.
Responsibilities

Create user interaction design systems, UX flow wireframes, user interface designs, and visual design for Niantics current projects and AR platform initiatives (including spatial design projects, advertising products, and developer tools).
Brainstorm ideas and create prototypes to help find innovative, usable solutions to Niantics many UX and AR experience challenges.
Create high level and detailed design materials and help fine-tune experiences based on research study outcomes, feedback from key collaboratorsleadership, and product goals.
Work closely with a cross-functional team of engineers, product managers, and researchers to build fun and enriching real-worldAR experiences including the tools that help people create them.
Develop design principles, guidelines, processes, and design material that drives end-to-end product design from concept to implementation.
Define and drive design vision and execution for end-to-end products mobile, web, and headset products, in addition to a product ecosystem.
Establish and own an emerging design system for key products, documenting and extending brand guidelines for spatial and 2D design work as you go.
Collaborate with cross-functional team members and stakeholders, including regular and reliable attendance and participation in meetings.
Required in-office 2 days on Wednesday and Thursday.

Qualifications

10 years of comparable professional experience in UX Design, Human-Computer Interaction, Human-Centered Design, andor product design is preferred.
Strong skills in 2D visual designUI as well as exceptional 3D spatial design skills.
Design leadership experience as an individual contributor at a top tier company is preferred, with a portfolio demonstrating hands-on impact on a variety of UX projects.
Experience creating for AR, XR andor VR is a must (ideally across a spectrum of immersion which includes mobile and headset).
Portfolio of work showcasing relevant samples of interaction design for mobile applications, mobile AR, headsets, andor spatial computing concepts (e.g., augmented reality, virtual reality, video games, or similar).
Portfolio showing strength in end-to-end design process and materials at a level of detail that drives alignment and understanding across a multidisciplinary team.
Ability to work closely with multi-disciplinary teams to test and iterate on design ideas and adapt ideas to meet user needs.
Proficiency with adapting methods and techniques based on the unique needs and timelines of each project.
Experience working on cross-functional teams with ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal communications, including synchronous interactions with others.
Ability to work in a fast-paced hybrid environment and handle stress appropriately andor ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations with little advance notice.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Passion for and understanding of augmented reality and its potential.
Preferred experience working on developer or advertising tools (or equivalent).
Preferred prototypingdevelopment experience, including with JavaScript and web frameworks.

The total compensation package for this position includes a new hire offer base salary range of 190,000 - 233,000  bonus  equity  benefits.
Individual pay within this salary range is determined by work location and additional factors, including assessed job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can answer any questions about new hire total compensation during the hiring process. An overview of benefit offerings for your location can be found on the careers page.
Join the Niantic team!
Niantics global-scale augmented reality platform and digital map powers spatial computing experiences in the real world. Incubated out of the Maps team at Google, Niantic first created Ingress and then Pokmon GO, a cultural phenomenon and hit game played by tens of millions of people each month. Niantics Lightship platform, which powers Pokmon GO, also supports the companys other games including Pikmin Bloom, Peridot and Monster Hunter Now. Developers use Niantics platform to build their own AR applications and experiences, either with the Lightship Platform or directly through the web with 8th Wall.
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID