Niantics mission is to use emerging technology to enrich our experiences as human beings in the physical world. We build products that inspire movement, exploration, and face-to-face social interaction. 
Niantic is seeking a Software Engineer - Mobile Native to build mobile, real-time, geolocation tech for iOS andor Android. Your work will advance Niantics geolocation platform to be used across different experiences and games. It will also enable game developers to create engaging apps for a user base in the billions.
We seek engineers with strong technical background, great execution, and self-starter mentality. The ideal candidate loves to jump into the unknown, clarify ambiguities, quickly learn from failures, and break down vague ideas into concrete tasks. 
Responsibilities

Design and implement cross-compiled AndroidiOS native code in C.
Build robust and highly performant networking and background services across all of Niantics products.
Collaborate with engineers, product managers, QA, and cross functioning partners to ensure code and technology meets internal standards.
Optimize for mobile execution, participate in code reviews, write unit tests, and conduct troubleshooting to ensure uptime for live systems.
Collaborate with cross-functional team members and stakeholders to cultivate strong working relationships with project team members, including regular and reliable attendance and participation in meetings.
Required in-office 2 days on Tuesday and Wednesday

Qualifications

BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, or a related technical field.
Minimum 5 years of experience.
Proficiency in CC, plus if proficient in C programming languages
Experience with architecting and optimizing C library for low compute and low memory environments and multi-threaded concurrent development.
Ability to work in a fast-paced hybrid environment and handle stress appropriately andor ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations with little advance notice.
Experience working on cross-functional teams with ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal communications, including synchronous interactions with others.

Plus If...

Experience working on API for game engines such as Unity3D or Unreal.
Experience designing  building projects independently, especially ARVR games.
Experience mentoring junior engineers or leading projects.
Experience working with Gradle, Mobile Geofences, and Mobile GPS location.
Experience with C, Kotlin, Swift, Objective-C

The total compensation package for this position includes a new hire offer base salary range of 180,000 - 210,000  bonus  equity  benefits.
Individual pay within this salary range is determined by work location and additional factors, including assessed job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can answer any questions about new hire total compensation during the hiring process. An overview of benefit offerings for your location can be found on the careers page.
Join the Niantic team!
Niantic is the worlds leading AR technology company, sparking creative and engaging journeys in the real world. Our products inspire outdoor exploration, exercise, and meaningful social interaction. 
Originally formed at Google in 2011, we became an independent company in 2015. Some of our current consumer titles include pioneering global-control game Ingress, record-breaking AR game Pokmon GO, and Pikmin Bloom. In November 2021, we launched our developer platform, Lightship, enabling creators to build immersive AR experiences around the globe. Our basketball universe has come to life, as we recently launched one of the most innovative sports games ever, in partnership with the NBA. NBA ALL-World is now live and playable globally!  Niantic is an Equal Opportunity employer. 
We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.
Niantic is a hybrid first company. We believe that in person interaction and collaboration fosters creativity, a sense of community, and is critical to our future success as a company. Our hybrid work schedules allow for a mix of remote and in-office work.
Were a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Bellevue, Kansas, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, Hyderabad, and Zurich. LI-HYBRID