Nightfall makes safeguarding sensitive data for every application simple and seamless. Organizations, from startups to global brands, trust Nightfalls software platform and APIs to discover, classify, and protect sensitive data.
Nightfall makes safeguarding sensitive data for every application simple and seamless. Organizations, from startups to global brands, trust Nightfalls software platform and APIs to discover, classify, and protect sensitive data.

As a Product Engineer at Nightfall, youll enable us to deliver our platform reliably, securely, and at massive scale. Youll help architect low latency, real-time microservices that process  detect sensitive data at scale.
Responsibilities

Building highly-available and secure authentication and API services
Maintaining and evolving mission-critical internal databases and services
Optimizing and operating high volume auto-scaling streaming data services
Instrumenting streaming data services for visibility into utilization per customer
Writing and maintaining documentation about internal and public services 

Qualifications

Expertise in one or more systemshigh-level programming language (e.g. Python, Go, Java, C) and the eagerness to learn more.
Experience running scalable (thousands of RPS) and reliable (three 9s) systems.
Experience with developing complex software systems scaling to substantial data volumes or millions of users with production quality deployment, monitoring and reliability.
Experience with large-scale distributed storage and database systems (SQL or NoSQL, e.g. MySQL, Cassandra)
Ability to decompose complex business problems and lead a team in solving them
Data Processing - experience with building and maintaining large scale andor real-time complex data processing pipelines using Kafka, Hadoop, Hive, Storm, or Zookeeper
3 years of experience

Tools We Use

Go
Node.js
React
Python
Cassandra
Redis
Terraform
Docker
Kubernetes
AWS
Kafka
Envoy
About Nightfall:
Nightfall is a cybersecurity startup dedicated to helping organizations secure and manage their sensitive data. As a leading enterprise technology company, our product affects the personal data that people entrust businesses to store  process with care every day. Critical data in modern organizations is often sprayed across a broad set of cloud data silos, and its a herculean task for security  compliance teams to monitor, manage, and protect this highly sensitive data. Via machine learning, our product makes it easy for organizations to discover, classify, and protect this sensitive data across their cloud footprint - such as their corporate SaaS, data infrastructure, and even their own apps. In doing so, we prevent data leakage, provide unprecedented data visibility  protection across the cloud, and enable compliance. Were a technology startup founded in San Francisco, well-funded by leading institutional investors like Bain and Venrock, and a cadre of security  IT leaders from Okta, Salesforce, Atlassian, Splunk, FireEye, and more. Learn more on our website www.nightfall.ai or by reaching out via email at careersnightfall.ai.