Nightfall makes safeguarding sensitive data for every application simple and seamless. Organizations, from startups to global brands, trust Nightfalls software platform and APIs to discover, classify, and protect sensitive data.As Nightfalls Assistant Controller, you will build the accounting team from the ground up as the company experiences rapid revenue growth. You will report to our Chief Financial Officer. In this role, you will provide leadership and execution of core financial accounting processes, monthlyquarterly close, reconciling of accounts, as well as preparing accounting reports and facts in accordance with guidelines. This individual will have the opportunity to be a key player in shaping processes and controls. Candidates are expected to have a high aptitude and enthusiasm for conducting financial analysis; have demonstrated problem solving skills; and the ability to thrive in fast paced environments and work independently.
Responsibilities

Build a world class accounting organization
Drive the financial close and all associated processes and reporting to deliver accurate and timely results to the organization to facilitate critical decision-making.
Prepare the financial reports, compile financial documents, and ensure general compliance
Research applicable accounting standards to ensure internal and external compliance in recording and reporting transactions.
Lead the companys first ever audit
Monitor the Companys compliance with federal, state, and local regulators including business registrations, taxes, licenses and reports
Provide leadership related to the identification, selection, implementation and documentation of appropriate accounting policies, procedures and systems
Provide support in day-to-day accounting operations
Provide strategic partnership to leaders across the business by evaluating new initiatives, delivering meaningful financial insights, and driving cost structure optimization.
Structure, recruit, and lead a team of accountants and specialists
Execute on ad hoc projects

Qualifications

 Bachelors degree in Accounting, CPA required (does not need to be active)
 8-10 years of progressive accounting and finance experience with a minimum of 3 years in a direct supervisory position.  
 Minimum 3 years public accounting experience
 Ability to deliver excellent work on time
 Desire to work in an exciting, fast-paced environment
 Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
 Strong leadership skills

Bonus Points

Big 4 public accounting experience
Experience in SaaS company
Prior experience building and executing a SaaS-based business model and deep understanding of relevant KPIs (e.g. ARR, LTV, CAC, etc.)
Masters Degree in Accounting
Prior Netsuite experience
Familiarity with Trust Accounting
About Nightfall:
Nightfall is a cybersecurity startup dedicated to helping organizations secure and manage their sensitive data. As a leading enterprise technology company, our product affects the personal data that people entrust businesses to store  process with care every day. Critical data in modern organizations is often sprayed across a broad set of cloud data silos, and its a herculean task for security  compliance teams to monitor, manage, and protect this highly sensitive data. Via machine learning, our product makes it easy for organizations to discover, classify, and protect this sensitive data across their cloud footprint - such as their corporate SaaS, data infrastructure, and even their own apps. In doing so, we prevent data leakage, provide unprecedented data visibility  protection across the cloud, and enable compliance. Were a technology startup founded in San Francisco, well-funded by leading institutional investors like Bain and Venrock, and a cadre of security  IT leaders from Okta, Salesforce, Atlassian, Splunk, FireEye, and more. Learn more on our website www.nightfall.ai or by reaching out via email at careersnightfall.ai.