Nightfall makes safeguarding sensitive data for every application simple and seamless. Organizations, from startups to global brands, trust Nightfalls software platform and APIs to discover, classify, and protect sensitive data.As a Senior Product Designer at Nightfall, youll be responsible for taking a complex product and making it straightforward, beautiful, and easy to use. You will translate user and business needs into design decisions that will help improve the overall experience of our product. This role is a great fit for an empathetic and eager designer who is interested in making a meaningful impact on the culture and craft of a growing team and product.
Responsibilities

Design new product functionality end-to-end from sketches to wireframes to prototypes to high-fidelity mock-ups. 
Collaborate with product managers, engineers, and other designers to conceptualize ideas, define requirements, create alignment, and test solutions.
Deliver production-ready specs and follow the work through implementation, release, and post-release to measure success and learn with your cross-functional team.
Effectively present, defend, and debate your design decisions with peers and stakeholders.
Expand and champion Nightfalls design system across all product touch points.
Execute user research to better understand our users and integrate their feedback and needs into our product.
Work synchronously and asynchronously with cross-functional team members in US and India time zones.
Drive multiple complex projects simultaneously and pivot when necessary.
Develop a deep understanding of our industry, platform, services, and users.

Requirements

5-8 years of experience in Product andor UX Design in the B2B SaaS industry. 
Deep understanding of key design principles, processes, and methodologies. 
Ability to iterate a design or flow from low-fidelity sketches to high-fidelity wireframes.
Expert-level experience creating UX design artifacts (ex. user journey maps, user flows, prototypes, sitemaps, wireframes, etc.)
Expert-level visual design skills with an incredible eye for detail and aesthetics. 
Full mastery of Figma, with a deep understanding of components, prototyping, and libraries. 
Experience in the planning, execution, and communication of design research to influence product roadmaps and feature functionality.
Excellent communication and presentation skills to share design decisions and collect meaningful feedback.
Independent creative thinker and storyteller with a demonstrated ability to innovate, influence, and execute.
Have a pragmatic mindset, understand the balance between perfect design and getting to market.
Experience with responsive web design with a deep understanding of how web layouts work. 
About Nightfall:
Nightfall is a cybersecurity startup dedicated to helping organizations secure and manage their sensitive data. As a leading enterprise technology company, our product affects the personal data that people entrust businesses to store  process with care every day. Critical data in modern organizations is often sprayed across a broad set of cloud data silos, and its a herculean task for security  compliance teams to monitor, manage, and protect this highly sensitive data. Via machine learning, our product makes it easy for organizations to discover, classify, and protect this sensitive data across their cloud footprint - such as their corporate SaaS, data infrastructure, and even their own apps. In doing so, we prevent data leakage, provide unprecedented data visibility  protection across the cloud, and enable compliance. Were a technology startup founded in San Francisco, well-funded by leading institutional investors like Bain and Venrock, and a cadre of security  IT leaders from Okta, Salesforce, Atlassian, Splunk, FireEye, and more. Learn more on our website www.nightfall.ai or by reaching out via email at careersnightfall.ai.