Nightfall makes safeguarding sensitive data for every application simple and seamless. Organizations, from startups to global brands, trust Nightfalls software platform and APIs to discover, classify, and protect sensitive data.As a Product Designer at Nightfall, you will be responsible for creating an enterprise-level customer experience. You will help define and drive the UXUI vision for the Nightfall platform.
Responsibilities

Establish, influence, and drive the UXUI strategy  roadmap.
Design  develop new user-facing features.
Create and maintain digital assets, such as interface design files, wireframes, and interactive mockups.
Expand and champion Nightfalls design system across product touch points.
Work closely with our customer success team to participate in user discovery  research sessions.
Work closely with product, engineering, and customer successsupport teams.
Prepare design specs for developer implementation. 
Connect multiple applications under a single UI interface to contribute to a unified vision.

Requirements

4 years of experience in UXUI design.
Portfolio and work samples required.
Bachelors in Design or related experience.
A passion for technology, user experience and designing interfaces.
Proficiency in Figma, Sketch, Adobe Suite, InVision or equivalent design tools.
We are a high growth company - you will manage multiple complex projects simultaneously.
Independent and creative thinker who has demonstrated the ability to innovate, influence, and execute.
Excellent communication and presentation skills.
Strong project management and organization skills.

Bonus Points

Experience planning and executing usability tests
Experience designing complex B2B products
About Nightfall:
Nightfall is a cybersecurity startup dedicated to helping organizations secure and manage their sensitive data. As a leading enterprise technology company, our product affects the personal data that people entrust businesses to store  process with care every day. Critical data in modern organizations is often sprayed across a broad set of cloud data silos, and its a herculean task for security  compliance teams to monitor, manage, and protect this highly sensitive data. Via machine learning, our product makes it easy for organizations to discover, classify, and protect this sensitive data across their cloud footprint - such as their corporate SaaS, data infrastructure, and even their own apps. In doing so, we prevent data leakage, provide unprecedented data visibility  protection across the cloud, and enable compliance. Were a technology startup founded in San Francisco, well-funded by leading institutional investors like Bain and Venrock, and a cadre of security  IT leaders from Okta, Salesforce, Atlassian, Splunk, FireEye, and more. Learn more on our website www.nightfall.ai or by reaching out via email at careersnightfall.ai.