Nightfall makes safeguarding sensitive data for every application simple and seamless. Organizations, from startups to global brands, trust Nightfalls software platform and APIs to discover, classify, and protect sensitive data.We are looking for an exceptional Engineering Manager to join our growing team at Nightfall. As one of our founding engineering managers, you will own the technical output of the Nightfall engineering organization. You will ensure high technical standards by instituting processes (architecture reviews, testing) and culture (engineering excellence), and review and drive the long term technical direction of Nightfalls products. 
Responsibilities

Directly manage engineers of all levels; provide feedback and guide promotions and leveling processes 
Scope and plan key deliverables by working with engineering managers and ICs to ensure project planning of key initiatives.
Coordinate within the organization alongside PM, marketing, and sales to ensure delivery of key initiatives. Influence product strategy alongside the PM team.
Help to recruit, inspire, and develop a high performing and creative engineering team
Be both a hands-on coder and an effective people leader
Implement best practices in a fast-paced engineering environment
Champion engineering excellence and culture, establish metrics for regular improvement

Requirements

Minimum 6 years of hands-on technical development experience
Minimum 3 years of experience mentoring and leading engineering teams
Experience managing teams that build and operate high volume distributed systems in a SaaS environment
Experience running the day-to-day sprint process for an engineering team
Experience programming in Go or related language
Experience designing and building systems in a microservices-based architecture
A foundational understanding of multi-threaded programming, concurrency primitives, and data structures
BSMS in Computer Science or a related technical field

Bonus Points

Experience working in high growth venture-backed startups
Blog, teach, mentor, or help others learn outside of your day to day responsibilities
About Nightfall:
Nightfall is a cybersecurity startup dedicated to helping organizations secure and manage their sensitive data. As a leading enterprise technology company, our product affects the personal data that people entrust businesses to store  process with care every day. Critical data in modern organizations is often sprayed across a broad set of cloud data silos, and its a herculean task for security  compliance teams to monitor, manage, and protect this highly sensitive data. Via machine learning, our product makes it easy for organizations to discover, classify, and protect this sensitive data across their cloud footprint - such as their corporate SaaS, data infrastructure, and even their own apps. In doing so, we prevent data leakage, provide unprecedented data visibility  protection across the cloud, and enable compliance. Were a technology startup founded in San Francisco, well-funded by leading institutional investors like Bain and Venrock, and a cadre of security  IT leaders from Okta, Salesforce, Atlassian, Splunk, FireEye, and more. Learn more on our website www.nightfall.ai or by reaching out via email at careersnightfall.ai.