Nightfall makes safeguarding sensitive data for every application simple and seamless. Organizations, from startups to global brands, trust Nightfalls software platform and APIs to discover, classify, and protect sensitive data.As a Full Stack Software Engineer at Nightfall, you will design and develop features across a broad surface area with tangible impact on active and future customers. Youll tackle engineering challenges ranging from architecting data structures for mass data processing to presenting analytics  insights in intuitive and performant ways.
Responsibilities

Writing clean, high-quality, high-performance, maintainable code
Develop and support software including applications, database integration, interfaces, and new functionality enhancements
Coordinate cross-functionally to insure project meets business objectives and compliance standards
Support test and deployment of new products and features
Participate in code reviews

An Ideal Candidate Would

Have built or worked on production applications
Enjoy understanding our users and what would make their day to day processes easier to manage
Love shipping features that are immediately used by our customers
Seek to iterate on new products based on customer feedback

Tools We Use

Go
Node.js
React
Python
Cassandra
Redis
Terraform
Docker
Kubernetes
AWS
Kafka
Envoy
About Nightfall:
Nightfall is a cybersecurity startup dedicated to helping organizations secure and manage their sensitive data. As a leading enterprise technology company, our product affects the personal data that people entrust businesses to store  process with care every day. Critical data in modern organizations is often sprayed across a broad set of cloud data silos, and its a herculean task for security  compliance teams to monitor, manage, and protect this highly sensitive data. Via machine learning, our product makes it easy for organizations to discover, classify, and protect this sensitive data across their cloud footprint - such as their corporate SaaS, data infrastructure, and even their own apps. In doing so, we prevent data leakage, provide unprecedented data visibility  protection across the cloud, and enable compliance. Were a technology startup founded in San Francisco, well-funded by leading institutional investors like Bain and Venrock, and a cadre of security  IT leaders from Okta, Salesforce, Atlassian, Splunk, FireEye, and more. Learn more on our website www.nightfall.ai or by reaching out via email at careersnightfall.ai.