Nightfall makes safeguarding sensitive data for every application simple and seamless. Organizations, from startups to global brands, trust Nightfalls software platform and APIs to discover, classify, and protect sensitive data.As a Sales Development Representative at Nightfall, you will be responsible for driving the growth of Nightfalls sales pipeline. As an SDR, you will play a key role in intelligent targeting, managing our demand generation process, and being an initial touchpoint among prospects. As a critical part of our go-to-market team, and as a potential customers first impression of the company, you will represent Nightfall and conduct business in a way that builds credibility and trust, setting the stage for winning new business. This position is designed to enable talented and passionate individuals to learn strong analytical, marketing, and selling skills as well as be a part of a dynamic, high-growth startup environment.
Responsibilities

Market Nightfalls products and services via phone and email
Generate prospective customers through cold calling and lead qualification
Qualify inbound leads generated from marketing programs and campaigns
Direct leads to sales representatives
Record all data, document touchpoints, and update and maintain CRM
Perform research and due diligence on prospects
Work closely with sales representatives and marketing team to identify, position, and sell product value
Provide detailed campaign feedback to leadership
Expand knowledge of industry as well as the competitive posture of the company

Qualifications

Bachelors degree
Ambition, high energy, and unwavering desire to achieve top results
Ability to understand technical concepts and possess enthusiasm for technology
Articulate, confident with solid written and verbal skills: ability to clearly and persuasively articulate the companys mission, product and business opportunity.
Strong time management and organizational skills
Ability to quickly build productive relationships in a fast-paced, high-performance environment
Detail oriented with strong administrative follow-up and follow-through
Super motivated, proactive  goal-oriented self starter and team player
Technically proficient using modern sales tools
Eagerness and propensity to learn quickly
About Nightfall:
Nightfall is a cybersecurity startup dedicated to helping organizations secure and manage their sensitive data. As a leading enterprise technology company, our product affects the personal data that people entrust businesses to store  process with care every day. Critical data in modern organizations is often sprayed across a broad set of cloud data silos, and its a herculean task for security  compliance teams to monitor, manage, and protect this highly sensitive data. Via machine learning, our product makes it easy for organizations to discover, classify, and protect this sensitive data across their cloud footprint - such as their corporate SaaS, data infrastructure, and even their own apps. In doing so, we prevent data leakage, provide unprecedented data visibility  protection across the cloud, and enable compliance. Were a technology startup founded in San Francisco, well-funded by leading institutional investors like Bain and Venrock, and a cadre of security  IT leaders from Okta, Salesforce, Atlassian, Splunk, FireEye, and more. Learn more on our website www.nightfall.ai or by reaching out via email at careersnightfall.ai.