About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
We have incredible stories to share - from our passionate community to how were building our business and our role in the future of computing and AI. As Head of Communications and Content, youll have the opportunity to shape Notions voice and brand during a crucial stage in our companys history. Youll oversee our communications, influencer, social, and content teams and be responsible for developing and executing a narrative strategy that delivers fresh, engaging, and relevant content across various platforms.
The ideal candidate is a visionary storyteller and inspirational leader, with in-depth knowledge of the latest narrative trends, and a proven track record of using creative storytelling to drive high levels of audience engagement and deliver business results.
What Youll Achieve:

Develop content and storytelling strategies that drive business, enhance reputation, and create meaningful connections with our brand.
Support major launches and company moments, including but not limited to: product launches, proactive consumer activations and campaigns, thought leadership, and category building.
Drive an integrated communications strategy internally and externally that incorporates media briefings, speaking engagements, customer and partner activities, and creative PR programs that span consumers and enterprises.
Partner closely with the founders, executives, Notion users, and media to amplify Notions voice.
Challenge and disrupt legacy practicesnorms to deliver the most creative content and communications solutions.
Use data and insights to inform and optimize content strategy.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

Excellent verbal, written, and presentation skills with a clear and warm communication style.
Disruptive, willing to take risks, try new things, and challenge the status quo.
Flexible, resourceful, and thrive in a fast-paced, changing, and growing environment.
Strong execution mindset - were moving fast, and theres a lot to do every day. You dont mind getting scrappy.
Strong leadership skills, with the ability to motivate and inspire team members to unleash their creative potential and achieve their best work.

Nice to Haves:

Ideally, experience running a mix of comms, content, or editorial teams

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco or New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is 238,000 - 300,000 per year.LI-Onsite