About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
As Privacy and Commercial Counsel, you will have the chance to help build the commercial legal foundation to help Notion meet its ambitious goals and be our first attorney at our New York office. In this role you will be expected to serve as a privacy expert for our commercial team. If you enjoy using your privacy knowledge and experience to support revenue generating function, this role is for you. You will have the opportunity to advise both the internal legal team and our sales and marketing partners. We are looking for a team member who is excited about our passionate user base and is interested in joining a dedicated cross-functional team that engages with our customers and vendors.
What Youll Achieve:

Have broad responsibility for providing practical day-to-day commercial legal support in the Americas and globally for the sales, marketing, and success teams
Provide privacy advice and guidance to sales and marketing teams
Collaborate with Product Legal team on privacy issues that impact customer agreements and go-to-market initiatives
Negotiate and independently identify creative legal solutions for in-bound commercial transactions, including customer subscription agreements and data processing agreements
Support procurement team on negotiation of various vendor agreements with a focus on marketing technology tools
Identify and independently pursue process improvements for both buy-side and sell-side motions
Develop and revise contract templates as necessary, based on changes in our product offerings, organization, andor privacy law
Advise internal clients regarding legal issues including compliance with the CCPACPRA and other U.S. state privacy laws, GDPR, e-Privacy Directive, and other privacy regulations

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

Admitted to the New York State Bar and in good standing
8 years of combined experience practicing as a privacy or commercial attorney within a law firm or software technology company
2 years in-house experience at a software technology company
Privacy subject matter expertise, including privacy regulations (GDPR, e-Privacy Directive, CCPA, etc.) and the ability to incorporate evolving requirements into the customer facing agreements
Experience supporting Marketing teams, including familiarity with marketing technology and advertising technology tools and advising on related privacy issues
Experience supporting commercial transactions, SaaS, and enterprise B2B transactions
Strong negotiation skills, including ability to explain nuanced privacy concepts to internal and external parties and tailor approach to the audience
Excellent drafting, written and verbal communication skills and ability to adapt legal requirements in balanced, creative and pragmatic ways to facilitate communication at all levels of the organization

Nice to Haves:

Certified Information Privacy Professional or equivalent
Prior experience with a fast growing technology company
Experience with B2C SaaS transactions

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is 255,000 - 300,00 per year.
LI-Onsite
 