About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
Notion has a customer community unlike any other in software. Our community is made up of tens of millions of passionate users who use Notion daily in their work and personal lives. At Notion, the community is at the heart of our product, and as a Community Operations Manager, youll be responsible for ensuring our community programs run smoothly and successfully. From initial outreach and sourcing to formalizing processes and feedback collection. Youll also have the opportunity to work on a variety of new initiatives like on-the-ground growth efforts for key markets, defining standardization across our programs, and launching new programs that engage our community at scale.
What Youll Achieve:

Support program operations and event logistics across our Campus Leaders, Ambassadors and Champion community programs
Build and streamline processes through integrations such as Zapier, Airtable, and Slack to make programs run more effectively
Identify existing program gaps and craft new workflows to remove inefficiencies
Work directly with our regional teams to help shape and scale our global community programs
Help support new community program initiatives to reach millions of our most engaged users

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

4 years of experience in operations, product, or program management
Previous experience in community management or working with power users with a clear sense of empathy
Expert in automation and productivity tools like Airtable, Zapier, Customer.io etc.
Strong organizational and project management skills with a strong attention to detail
Comfortable with ambiguity, quick to solve problems, and eager to collaborate on new initiatives

Nice to Haves:

Experience launching new programs and initiatives
Experience managing or organizing events
Experience working globally with stakeholders across various timezones, languages, and regions

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco or New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is 90,000 - 130,000 per year.LI-Onsite