About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
In 2022, Notion acquired the next-generation calendar app, Cron. Were looking for a Software Engineer to join our small but nimble team to build innovative, AI-powered products that create the magic of 1  1  3 and showcase the best of using Cron and Notion together.
What Youll Achieve:
Were looking for an experienced individual contributor who enjoys working alongside other experienced engineers and designers to iterate and build across the entire tech stack. We are open to candidates who can work across the entire stack, as well as those who may want to focus on a few specific domain areas, depending on their interests and experience.

Build the core, user-facing product. Youll build the product and everything behind the scenes from the ground up, having a huge and direct impact by shipping your work to users on prod daily.
Prototype new AI capabilities. Youll work with Notion AI engineers to incorporate large language models (LLMs) into our products.
Use modern web tech and influence the stack. We use React on the frontend, NodeExpress on the backend, and Typescript across the full stack to build a best-in-class client and infrastructure that scales. As we build out our stack, you get to make critical choices and lay the foundations.
Self-direct your work and co-own the product. Youll have autonomy and responsibility because we are all individual contributors. Youll be involved in shaping the roadmap and owning the execution of it.
Create a robust and scalable backend. Build PostgreSQL database models, performant REST API with Redis cache, delta sync, and offline support using IndexedDB, 3rd party integrations, product analytics, transactional email, and service monitoring. We currently deploy to Heroku to keep DevOps simple, but we have plans to move to a cloud provider and well look to you to help establish viable long-term cloud infrastructure and operations.
Build UI components. Youll implement basic UI based on Figma mocks and our design system. Youll collaborate with designers and frontend engineers on user-facing features powered by your backend code. We rapidly ship UI that has a native feel to it by polishing CSS, interaction states, and animations.
Solve interesting technical problems. Bring your full creativity to solve super-challenging technical problems: from complex backend architecture with 3rd party integrations, real-time collaboration, syncing app state, to nifty client-side interactions.

What Were Looking For:

You have 5 years of engineering experience
Demonstrated ability to execute with excellence: You have thrived in fast-paced environments, tackling complex technical challenges with exceptional skill and precision.
Thoughtful problem-solving: For you, problem-solving starts with a clear and accurate understanding of the context. You can decompose tricky problems and work towards a clean solution, by yourself or with teammates. Youre comfortable asking for help when you get stuck.
Curious and quick learning. We dont expect you to have experience in every technology we use, but to learn and be productive quickly. Owning several repos and jumping into all of them doesnt scare you.
Design sensibility. While youll co-craft the interface with top designers and frontend engineers, we expect you to have a knack for great UX, such that you feel if something is off and can flag it, or better yet, polish it.
Pragmatic and business-oriented: You care about business impact and prioritize projects accordingly. Youre not just going after cool stuff—you understand the balance between craft, speed, and the bottom line.
Put users first: You think critically about the implications of what youre building, and how it shapes real peoples lives. You understand that reach comes with responsibility for our impact—good and bad.
Team player: For you, work isnt a solo endeavor. You enjoy collaborating cross-functionally to accomplish shared goals, and you care about learning, growing, and helping others to do the same.

Bonus Points:

Youre interested in productivity apps. You might use your calendar to time block, try out Chrome extensions, configure custom app launchers, or optimize your time in other ways.
Youve built or maintained apps using React, React Native, Electron or other frameworks.
You have experience or interest in DevOps and the infrastructure side of building great software products.
Youve heard of computing pioneers like Ada Lovelace, Douglas Engelbart, Alan Kay, and others—and understand why were big fans of their work.

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation made due to a disability, please let your recruiter know. Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in New York, the estimated base salary range for this role is 130,000 - 250,000 per year.