About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
About The Role:
Notion can be used for writing personal notes, making collaborative documents, publishing a wiki, for managing projects and more; its used by individual consumers, small teams, and large enterprises alike. Were looking for an experienced product management leader to build products and experiences that are core to our company strategy and will affect the daily lives of millions of Notion customers.
What Youll Achieve:

Youll own the vision, strategy, and roadmap for a critical product line in Notions suite of use cases, working closely with parts across design, engineering, data science, research, customer experience and product marketing
Youll guide the prioritization of work and help make resourcing and prioritization tradeoffs in service of our customers and our companys goals
Youll improve the way millions of people write, edit, share, organize, broadcast, publish and track work, with a steady cadence of product improvements and fixes.
Youll listen to and work with members of our creator and developer community, improving the core of Notions product

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

6 years of product management experience
You have a track record of leading development of high quality products with technical components that meaningfully impact company outcomes
You find delight in unpacking and solving deeply complex problems without losing sight of the big picture
You are the champion of the customer, while remaining laser focused on delivering significant business impact
You have experience using quantitative (e.g., metrics, analytics) and qualitative data (e.g., research, user feedback) to inform product prioritization and decision-making
You have built, or are committed to building, diverse and inclusive product teams

Nice to Haves:

You have a Computer Science background or equivalent technical experience.
Youve worked in the product function of a startup and care a lot about shaping (and working in) a high-impact, collaborative organization.
Youve heard of computing pioneers like Ada Lovelace, Douglas Engelbart, Alan Kay, and others—and understand why were big fans of their work.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Notion.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in New York, the estimated base salary range for this role is 200,000 - 250,000 per year.
LI-Onsite