About The Role:
Notion is looking for an AMER Sales Development Manager that will develop, train and hire a highly driven and hardworking team of lead generation and lead qualification professionals! The Sales Development team is the first interaction with prospective Notion customers and is key to the success of our Sales organization!
At Notion the Sales Development team is responsible for driving new business opportunities and expanding market share through qualified pipeline, as well as driving the business forward by developing the next generation of top closers. As the Sales Development Lead you will be responsible for delivering both revenue and talent for our business. You will focus on the Recruitment, Enablement and Execution of your team to assure the continued successful trajectory of this strategically important department.
Our ideal candidate for this role has proven experience in managing, building and encouraging a team to achieve daily, weekly and monthlyquarterly targets in addition to delivering feedback to marketing and sales operations about lead quality and process improvements.
What Youll Achieve:

As the AMER Sales Development Manager, you will work directly with the AMER Head of Sales, as well as regional peers, in creating and developing Notions Sales Development strategy, process and playbooks
Partnering with regional leaders across Sales Strategy, Marketing, and Sales teams to plan territory mapping and pipeline development programs
Build winning teams through Attracting, Hiring, and Developing the worlds best SDRs
Enable your team to relentlessly prospect, identify and qualify sales pipeline through your coaching and mentoring on topics including courageous qualification, prospecting techniques, phone skills, and strategic engagement with Account Executives
Collaborate with Marketing and Sales teams to ensure we capitalize on the massive market opportunity ahead of us
Help build the foundations of Sales at Notion: As an early member of our sales org, youll be instrumental in helping define our sales assisted motions.
Join a fantastic team at a magical time: Weve hit profitability and over three million users with a small team, which gives us a huge green field to work with. Youll join at the perfect time to shape how we grow from here.
Meaningfully shape our future product: As you engage with customers, youll gain insights to help us serve them better — and work with the product to inform what we do next.
Elevate your skills as we tackle our most impactful challenges: Weve achieved more than teams 10x our size in less time — and theres so much more to do and learn.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

You are inspired by our mission of making software tooling ubiquitous
You have managed a high-performing sales development team
Strong track record of achieving sales targets across team and individual goals
Skilled in managing and coaching through the full sales cycle from prospecting to closing
You have strong, recognized leadership skills with a focus on empowerment, positive mindsets, collaboration, and the ability to inspire a team of direct reports
You are comfortable with the ambiguity and pace of iteration of an early-stage startup
You have a growth mindset and thrive in the building stage of a nascent team
You view setbacks as learning opportunities, not failures
You have a high EQ and exceptional interpersonal skills, the ability to manage influence through persuasion, negotiation, and consensus-building
You have an analytical mindset and enjoy problem-solving as part of a regional leadership team
You have strong empathy for customers and a passion for revenue and growth
You have a good understanding of value drivers in recurring revenue business models

Nice to Haves:

Youve built new business sales playbooks or processes
Youve been a first or early hire at a fast-growing start-up before
Experience leading and improving Sales Development critical metrics
Ability to function in a PlayerCoach capacity as we scale AMER
Experience running successful weekly and monthly team meetings

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Notion.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated range for total on-target earnings (including base salary and on target incentive pay) for this role is 195,000-220,000 per year.
LI-Onsite