About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
Notions mission is to make toolmaking ubiquitous. We are rapidly growing our business to empower every individual to build their own tools, block by block. The Growth Data Science team aims at accelerating product growth at every step of the user journey to ensure you get the best value out of Notion. This role will work closely with the Template and Creator Community team to accelerate template creator growth and user adoption of templates by improving Notion template gallery.
As an early member of the growth data science team, youll be instrumental in setting the roadmap for how these teams work together and then doing the hands-on work to execute against it. There will be significant variation from one day to the next, but whether youre exploring where we see the biggest opportunity to improve user experience, what a successful Notion account looks like, building out a core activity data set, or running experiments to evaluate the success of a key feature launch, youll absolutely impact the development of Notion.
What Youll Achieve:

You will apply your expertise in statistical inference, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with Notion
You will dive into ambiguous areas, define problems and opportunities for the team to work on the next influential project
Youll design the right set of experiments or analyses to evaluate the success of new features
Youll partner closely with a product, engineering, and marketing pillar at every step of the development process, driving forward data science and analytics work in that area.
Youll work with your teams to determine both north star and operational metrics, and build and maintain the dashboards that those teams rely on for monitoring progress and making key decisions.
Youll influence your product roadmap by communicating your findings with the rest of the company, and driving and verifying change in our product and business. (Insights are useful. Impact is even better!)

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

Ideally you have experience working on ranking, two-sided marketplaces, or creator monetization in previous roles
You have spent meaningful time as a data scientist partnering with product, engineering and ideally with growth teams. You can draw on that experience to identify where data can have the most impact and clearly communicate to your partner teams what that impact is.
You have expertise in SQL and at least one scripting language (ideally Python or R).
You know how to use statistical inference and experimentation to drive actionable recommendations.
You have experience building predictive models, and you know how to evaluate their effectiveness.
You are comfortable transforming raw data to build your own data sets if the measure you need doesnt exist yet.

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco or New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is 160,000 - 215,000 per year.
LI-Onsite