About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
We are seeking a highly motivated Staff Accountant to join our growing accounting team. Our team builds scalable processes to support Notions financial reporting and compliance needs. You will be a critical member of the team, helping build and operate a world class month-end close process. You will manage the general ledger, account reconciliations, and provide audit and financial reporting support, focusing on efficiency and quality.
What Youll Achieve:

Design and implement scalable corporate accounting policies, procedures, and internal controls to ensure compliance with US GAAP and other lawsregulations
Develop, implement, and document new accounting policy and provide expertise in recommending enhancements to existing policies
Own parts of the month-end close including month-end journal entries, reconciliations and supporting schedules (cash, accounts payables, invoice processing, fixed assets, allocations, expenses)
Contribute in the financial audit process in preparation and providing of various audit requests and inquiries
Complete monthly variance analysis through understanding the financial data within the greater context of the business
Work closely with various stakeholders within Finance and across the company to identify problems, process gaps and propose reasonable and creative solutions to improve processes including opportunities for automating manual processes or activities within a process
Work closely with the Accounting Manager in general corporate accounting matters and ad hoc projects or requests

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

A degree in Accounting (CPA a plus, not required)
2 years of working with tech companies in public or private accounting
Strong knowledge of US GAAP; conceptual and practical experience in researching, understanding and communicating technical accounting issues and recommendations
Proven experience with developing scalable, efficient and controlled processes
Self-starter who can thrive in a fast-paced environment and proactively drive business results
Strong attention to detail, communication, and high degree of analytical and problem-solving skills
You are organized and execution focused, with an ability to work independently
Experience using NetSuite, Zip, Navan or similar accounting software

Nice to Haves:

Experience with a high-growth SaaS company
Experience using Notion

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 90,000 - 105,000 per year.
LI-Onsite
 