About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
This is an opportunity to serve as a leader to establish Notions Biz Ops Growth team with a focus on monetization and pricing. Youll work as a key partner in creating and scaling flywheels to accelerate Notions international business to millions of users. Business Operations is a cross-functional team that partners with senior leaders across the company, focusing on high-impact strategic projects and analysis.
In this role, youll work hand-in-hand with Growth leadership to develop a comprehensive growth strategy for Notions products, with a particular focus on monetization, pricing, and packaging. Were looking for an experienced strategist with broad experience in B2B SaaS software and a passion for getting their hands dirty with data. This is a unique opportunity to partner closely with expert leaders in shaping our next wave of growth.
What Youll Achieve:

Work cross-functionally with product, engineering, and go-to-market stakeholders to define and implement our growth, pricing, and packaging strategy across all Notion products, driving increased value to our users and our business
Structure complex, ambiguous strategic problems for the Notion leadership team, defining clear hypotheses and building business cases and quantitative models that will inform and influence our strategy
Work closely with cross-functional leaders to define and manage key drivers of business performance, identifying areas of opportunity and incorporating them into your work
Develop a comprehensive understanding of our competitive positioning by using, assessing, and developing insights about peer businesses to inform your recommendations
Deeply understand Notion customers and their user journey to uncover insights that inform your recommendations

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

5 years of strategy experience, with at least 2 years relevant experience in investment banking or management consulting
Strong foundation in pricing and packaging for B2B SaaS businesses or similar industries. Youre comfortable with relevant frameworks, metrics, and analytic approaches and can draw insights from data to influence business decisions
Excellent financial modeling skills, with strong attention to detail and high standards for quality
Data self-sufficiency - proficiency in SQL to access relevant data without the need for outside assistance
Outstanding executive-level written and verbal communication skills. You have the ability to operate independently with senior stakeholders and manage relationships, deliverables, and timelines
Comfort working in a high-growth, constantly changing environment

Nice to Haves:

Familiarity with common dashboarding and analytics tools such as Tableau, Amplitude, and Hex
Prior experience in product-led growth, pricing, andor go-to-market at B2B SaaS businesses

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 180,000 - 205,000 per year.LI-Onsite