About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
Youll lead a team of engineers responsible for improving the core experience of Notion as our customers expand their usage to hundreds of users and docs. You will work with your peers and listen to our customers to develop a strategy that makes software toolmaking intuitive and scalable for all. You will drive execution in your team to deliver high-quality products to Notion users. As an engineering leader at Notion, you will also contribute to up-leveling Notions engineering organization as a whole.
What Youll Achieve:

Youll build and manage a diverse and inclusive team of engineers working on core parts of Notions product. Youll create a healthy environment in your team that embodies Notions values.
Youll recruit, coach, and develop engineers; youll ensure engineers are regularly receiving feedback and are making progress on personal and professional goals.
Youll collaborate closely with cross-functional peers to set the direction of your team and develop your product roadmap.
Youll facilitate planning—the prioritization, sequencing, and staffing of work—for your team.
Youll own execution in your team to develop a steady cadence of delivering value to Notion users.
Youll be responsible for maintaining a high-quality bar for everything your team ships.
Youll work with the rest of the Engineering team to shape how Notions engineering organization works—youll help develop our technical practices, recruiting and onboarding strategy, planning and prioritization process, and more.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

You have 2 years of experience managing engineering teams with a record of shipping high-quality products in a fast-paced environment.
You have built, or are committed to building, diverse and inclusive teams.
You are passionate about improving the user experience and have built and launched high-quality user-facing products.
You create team environments that are at once collaborative, empowering, supportive, and challenging—ones where engineers do their best work.
You value empathetic and direct communication enabling you to give and receive feedback effectively and create alignment cross-functionally or cross-teams.
You have a sufficiently deep background in product and technology to ask the right questions and think through different tradeoffs.
You have a high tolerance for ambiguity and change. You enjoy jumping into whatever areas need attention and learning as you go.

Bonus Points:

You have managed engineering teams at startups before, particularly during periods of rapid growth and organizational change.
You have experience rolling out engineering and management practices and processes—e.g., code review, performance reviews, and levels and ladders—where they didnt exist before.
Youve heard of computing pioneers like Ada Lovelace, Douglas Engelbart, Alan Kay, and others—and understand why were big fans of their work.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Notion.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation made due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 200,000 - 250,000 per year. 
LI-Onsite