About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
We are currently in search of a Head of GA System who will play a pivotal role in enhancing and expanding the systems and tools that support our Finance, HR and Legal Systems. This is a pioneering position within a new team, offering significant opportunities for strategizing and shaping the direction of our finance and business technology to optimize their effectiveness for Notion.
Your main responsibilities will involve charting the course for all of our GA systems by managing the roadmap, prioritizing crucial initiatives, defining significant tasks, including technical specifications, and collaborating with team members to execute, document, and introduce changes to the team. You will also be tasked with shaping the finance systems team in line with our business needs and priorities.
What Youll Achieve:

This role is responsible for all GA applications in support of Finance (NetSuite Financials  Stripe Billing, Zip procurement, Tesorio), HR Systems (Rippling, Workday HCM, Greenhouse,etc)and Legal (CLM) systems
Responsible for strategic planning, budgeting and communication, including setting priorities and being accountable for planned commitments
Refine and own the governance process for intakeprioritization of GA business systems requests and ensure your team is working on the right things with the appropriate sense of urgency
Conduct architecture and design review sessions with a cross-functional Business Technology team for large projects to ensure configuration, development, integrations and reporting are being built optimally with scalability and usability in mind.
Develop and manage business relationships with software partners and service providers. Negotiate smartly and ensure we are getting the best value out of our investments.
Work with the security and compliance team to make sure the systems that are being implemented are compliant and secure, adhering to processesprocedures in place.
Champion and be a role model in building a team culture that puts the customer first, builds for the long term, collaborates effectively and is results-oriented with a growth mindset.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

Minimum 10 years of proven experience as a credible leader of GA Systems Delivery with a focus on Finance and HR systems.
Ideal candidate will have excellent leadership, management, interpersonal, organization and communication skills. Heshe should have the ability to listen, influence, synthesize, lead and explain at all levels of the organization.
Good understanding of Finance and HR business processes and Business Technolgy solution design to be able to engage meaningfully with the business stakeholders.
Experience presenting to execs and the larger organization on business systems activities
Experience as a change agent, delivering large-scale technology projects involving change, for example implementing NetSuite Financials or HCM (Workday), Rev Rec (606) implementation etc
Experience with SOX and the controls of a public company.

Nice to Haves:

Strong understanding of product-led growth

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 210,000 - 260,000.
LI-Onsite