About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
As a Marketing Strategy  Operations Leader, you will play a critical role in shaping and executing the companys marketing agenda. You will be expected to supervise the marketing operations, develop holistic marketing strategies, and ensure that they are aligned with the companys overall strategic direction. The Marketing Strategy  Ops Lead will define and track key performance metrics to measure the effectiveness of marketing initiatives and stay up to date on industry trends and best practices. They will need to have strong project management skills, excellent communication and interpersonal skills, and be able to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams.
What Youll Achieve:

Oversee all marketing operations (e.g., target setting, lead scoring, attribution etc), ensuring they are carried out efficiently and effectively, and that they yield the desired results
Recommend and prioritize key pieces of technology that will accelerate the marketing roadmap
Coordinate with other departments such as finance, sales and product to ensure marketing strategies are well-aligned with the overall business goals
Serve as a strategic partner for the CMO in formulating short and medium-term strategies.
Measure, evaluate, and report on the performance and effectiveness of all marketing campaigns. Use this data to make informed decisions about future campaigns.
Foster a productive and collaborative work environment within the marketing team and with other departments.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

Proven experience in a similar role. Experience in SAAS is preferred. 8-10 years of experience
In-depth understanding of different marketing strategies, channels, and how to use them effectively to reach different audiences and achieve specific goals.
Strong project management skills. You should be able to plan, manage, and execute multiple projects simultaneously, meeting deadlines and budget requirements.
Strong analytical skills. You should be able to analyze market trends, campaign performance, and other marketing data, and use this information to make decisions.
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. You should be able to effectively communicate the marketing strategies, goals, and results to the marketing team, other departments, and stakeholders.
The ability to work collaboratively with a team. You should be able to foster a cooperative and productive work environment.
Experience leading and managing high performance teams at scale

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco or New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is 260,000 - 290,000 per year. 
LI-Onsite
 