About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
As a Business Systems Analyst - Sales Systems, you will be one of the foundational members of the Business Technology team and influential in building Notions sales tech stack. You will be responsible for analyzing business processes, identifying areas for improvement, designing and implementing solutions to unlock our sales team. Your knowledge of sales processes will be instrumental in implementing critical systems to unlock our business goals.
What Youll Achieve:

Analyze business processes and our sales systems to identify areas for improvement
Independently drive tasks and projects, including requirements, analysis, design, implementation, thoroughly testing solutions, ensuring successful project completion, launch, and maintenance
Own implementation, integration, and ongoing maintenance of our sales systems and tools
Proactively work with business stakeholders and internal business technology team to deliver innovative solutions
Develop and maintain system and process documentation for sales systems

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

You are Salesforce Admin certified
8 years of experience as a sales business systems analyst andor Salesforce support experience
You have experience with a CPQ implementation and a deep knowledge of quote to cash processes (and other sales functional processes)
You are familiar with a sales technology stack (we use Salesforce, Outreach, and 3rd party enrichment tools). Youve used these tools and built integrations with these or similar ones and can learn as you go!
You have excellent communication skills and enjoy partnering with business stakeholders (such as Sales, Marketing, Data Engineering) to deliver quick, optimal system solutions
Youre excited to work on complex systems and wear your analytical and problem-solving hat for data analysis, technical configuration and build, and troubleshooting skills
You value bias for action: and are willing to prioritize and act on high-priority tasks, juggle multiple projects and tasks at one time
You like to stay current with the latest trends and best practices in sales technology

Nice to Have:

You have experience as a Gainsight Administrator
You are a Certified Salesforce CPQ Specialist

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 140,000 - 170,000 per year.
LI-Onsite