About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016 and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in-person company and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
This role is a new position on the Notion EMEA Marketing team and will be a key player in fostering the growth of Notion in EMEA. You will work closely with regional cross-functional stakeholders in sales and customer success to deliver events that support region-specific market priorities, while also partnering with our global product marketing, creative studio, events and demand generation teams to create high value events that deliver best of breed content and experiences for our customers, prospects and partners.
What Youll Achieve:

Delight Notion EMEA users, with a customer-first approach to creating field events and experiences that bring the Notion brand and product to life.
Own end-to-end planning, execution and measurement of all Notion EMEA event and field programs - encompassing corporate, hospitality, community, meet-ups, trade-shows and webinars.
Effectively manage all event logistics, production, venue sourcing, budget tracking, marketing campaigns, sales enablement and audience acquisition.
Leverage quantitative and qualitative insights to make recommendations on how we invest in field and events to drive incremental business impact.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

4 years of related marketing experience.
A passion for all things field and experiential marketing. You understand the purpose and place for all types of events - from community to corporate - taking pride in delivering on the finest of details that make the difference between a good event and a great event.
Demonstrated track record of delivering events and experiences that delight customers and drive business value.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Proven ability to think strategically and execute methodically, while managing multiple events and programs.
Proficient in CRM and marketing automation software, such as Salesforce and Marketo.

Nice to Haves:

Experience in a fast-paced, B2B tech environment
Notion user: youre comfortable and familiar with Notions value to businesses
Youre fluent in French or German

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, colour, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
LI-Onsite
 