About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in-person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
Notion is looking for talented search engineers to join our search team. The team owns designing and building the systems to power search and discovery in the product. You will delight our users by helping define and improve our approach to full-text indexing, retrieval, ranking, personalization and recommendations.
What Youll Achieve:

Youll build best-in-class search and discovery systems used by millions of users across billions of documents
Youll improve search latency and relevancy using large scale data systems and machine learning
Youll build our search-as-a-service platform to speed up the development process of other engineering teams
Youll work with Product, Design and your engineering peers to build and deliver on a longterm and impactful roadmap for search and discovery

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

You have experience in backend engineering, data infrastructure, search infrastructure or natural language processingmachine learning
You have a track record for shipping scalable and reliable user-facing products
You thrive when collaborating cross-functionally — especially with product, design, infrastructure or data teams
You have a computer science background or equivalent technical experience

Nice to Haves:

You have experience building full-text search (e.g Lucene, Elasticsearch, Solr or other proprietary solutions) or recommendation systems
You have experience building fully productionized machine learning systems
You have experience with designing, building and maintaining complex distributed systems
You have experience with large scale data processing technologies (e.g. Spark, Flink, Kafka, Airflow, YARNHadoop)
You are interested in experimenting with new search technologies such as text similarity  vector search and deep learning ranking models
You have worked at a fast-growing start-up, a SaaS company, or are eager to contribute in such an environment (being a current Notion user would be great!)
Youve heard of computing pioneers like Ada Lovelace, Douglas Engelbart, Alan Kay, and others—and understand why were big fans of their work.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Notion.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation made due to a disability, please let your recruiter know. Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in New York, the estimated base salary range for this role is 130,000 - 250,000 per year.
LI-Onsite