About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
About The Role:
Notion is excited to operate as an in-person company across our 6 global offices (San Francisco, New York, Dublin, Hyderabad, Seoul  Tokyo). Notion believes that creative magic happens when were collaborating in-person. We also believe that being in the same physical space is the key to building a lasting culture.
Were looking for a New York based Front Desk Coordinator who shares our vision, and is excited to help create a warm and welcoming experience for employees and guests. The right candidate will report to our Head of Environment, loves to create delightful experiences for employees, possess a no-job-is-too-small attitude, and has a creative sparkle.
What Youll Achieve:

First impressions and warmth are important to us. Ensure the front desk and office feels like home, providing a welcoming, friendly and professional service to employees and guests.
Oversee day-to-day operations in the office, including deliveries, space planning, decor, kitchen stock, waste management, repairs and maintenance, and office supplies.
Manage access and badging systems to ensure workplace safety and compliance, closely partnering with the security team to assess risks and make informed decisions regarding employee health and safety.
Manage mailroom, tracking incoming and outgoing packages.
Support relationships with external vendors, such as cleaning services, maintenance contractors, and foodbeverage providers.
Support world-class events, including office and company-wide celebrations, cultural traditions, affinity group initiatives and external evening events.
Collaborate with the global environment team to maintain a consistent Notion feel and culture across our global offices.
Manage Notions snack program, supporting locally owned businesses as we scale.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

1 years of workplace experience.
Innovative mindset with a creative spark, always seeking innovative ideas to surprise and delight employees.
Strong emotional intelligence (EQ) and proven ability to build relationships with individuals at all levels of the organization.
Flexibility to adapt and switch between various responsibilities.

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco or New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is 80,000- 90,000 per year.
LI-Onsite