About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in-person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
Our Accounting team is growing, and were looking for a process-driven Billing Operations Analyst who deeply cares about continuous improvement. Youll be an early member of the Accounting team and will play a key role in building scalable processes that will make a lasting impact on the success and growth of the company.
What Youll Achieve:

Ensure orders are processed timely in accordance with executed contracts
Ensure billing and related adjustments are supported by appropriate supporting documentation
Effectively collaborate and communicate with teammates and cross-functional partners to ensure a scalable order to cash process
Monitor and resolve billing-related issues and customers queries timely
Assist with cash collections and application
Assist with month-end financial reporting

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

2 years of relevant professional experience
Excellent verbal, and written skills with a high attention-to-detail
Ability to maintain professional and courteous correspondence with all levels of customer and company personnel
Intermediate Excel skills (vlookups, pivot tables, etc.)

Nice to Haves:

Experience with NetSuite and Stripe preferred
Experience with Order Management andor Billing in a SaaS environment
Experience with SQL andor a willingness to learn
Experience using Notion

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 90,000 - 110,000 per year.
LI-Onsite
 