About Us
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in-person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role
The Web Presence team at Notion is responsible for our public facing website, Notion.so. We exist to create a high quality baseline for Notions reputation in the world and to our users. We aspire to make the site a dream to make, edit and visit. Our team is a small group of designers and engineers serving creative needs across the company and pushing forward our unique and beloved brand. From information architecture to polished pixels, youll work at every stage of a project from initial concepts through to production. This is a great opportunity to help shape the teams culture and have a major impact.
What Youll Achieve

Join a small team of designers and engineers and help to shape our website
Craft every detail of projects, from initial idea through to production
Work closely with the rest of our Creative Team to ensure our bar of quality extends across all aspects of our brand
Create design systems, prototypes and whatever else is needed to bring great ideas to life on Notion.so
Collaborate with teams across the company to bring initiatives and new products to market using novel design and storytelling solutions
Develop a deep understanding of Notions brand and help to expand and evolve it over time
If youre comfortable with it, join along in the fun actually coding Notion.so

Skills Youll Need to Bring

At least 8 years experience in an agency or in-house environment
Outstanding portfolio of relevant work
Excellence in visual design and typographic skills
Self-starter who brings new ideas to the table
Strong presentation and communication skills
Able to work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment
A desire to review work, mentor others, and co-create with partners from different background and expertises.
Good knowledge of Figma and Adobe Creative Cloud (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign)

Nice to Haves

Ability to code
A passion for toolmaking and expanding access to technology.
Experience in animation  motion graphics, illustration, photography, coding, writing, or other specialist skillset.

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco or New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is 140,000 - 180,000 per year.LI-Onsite