About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Nike, Airbnb, Slack, Samsung and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
About The Role:
Millions of people use Notion — and this number is increasing every day. Our users depend on us to deliver a secure and trustworthy experience, and we value this more than anything. We want to keep building on that trust, while also continuing to amaze our users with the tools they can build in Notion. This is where you come in — to help us forge a strong, reliable path forward to the future.
Notion is looking for a talented Security Engineer with solid communication and analytical skills to help us improve and optimize our security monitoring program. We are seeking someone with a mixture of technical ability, attention to detail, and who can function comfortably in a variety of cyber security disciplines. In addition to technical acumen and enthusiasm, we need a self-motivator to stay on top of emerging threats and vulnerabilities to Notion; providing a continuous proactive monitoring approach.
If youre passionate about data privacy and Security, understand the security monitoring process, and enjoy designing creative approaches to provide effective security monitoring at scale. This could be just the opportunity youve been looking for.
The Notion application is flexible, powerful and always evolving. With a product that needs to scale to meet the needs of many thousands of businesses globally. They rely on us to protect their data and that of their customers.
Notions Security team develops and builds processes and tools that allow our Engineering teams to make the right, secure decisions for our customers. We partner with our Engineers and our leadership to ensure we have the right tools and techniques in place to successfully monitor and detect threats to Notion
What Youll Achieve:
Help the rapidly growing Security team build, maintain, and evolve our security tool suite. Stay updated on the latest attacks and utilize our threat intelligence and vulnerability data to effectively respond to active  potential adversaries. Additionally, collaborate with the broader Security team to solve complex problems and provide critical data and response capabilities to various pillars of the organization.

Detect, defend its user base, and respond to threats against Notion and its user base
Assisting with onboarding new data sources into our SIEM, analyze the data for anomalies and trends, and build dashboards highlighting the key trends of the data. Triage and validate security alerts and escalate incidents, as required.
Automate and Orchestrate processes through advanced security tooling
Secure cutting edge technology by reproducing bugs identified internally and through our bug bounty program
Lead investigations and response efforts: escalate and respond to security events following Notions incident response procedures.
Draft communications around observed threats and potentially identified exposures to engineering and security leadership

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

Security Monitoring and Response: You have experience with MITRE or other attack frameworks and how to use it to identify and close gaps in detection capabilities. You understand the incident response lifecycle completely. You are able to be on an on-call rotation. You are comfortable reverse-engineering attacks through analysis and prototyping meaningful detections to prevent and mitigate threat and abuse actors. You can critically analyze the flow of data, its position within the environment, and how it can be analyzed for detection and protection purposes.
Security Architecture and Cloud Security expertise: You have 3-5 years of experience building systems to secure and monitor cloud architectures, ranging from build pipelines to cloud deployment to clientserver communication. You can contribute to the security operations codebase and architecture to raise the bar on security systems and tooling design.
Hands-on experience in Security Operations: Managed a vulnerability management program, red- and  or blue-teaming, detection engineering, SIEM and endpoint protection; knowledge of Endpoint protection; excellent understanding of prioritizing risk and threats.
Pragmatic and business-oriented: You care about business impact and prioritize projects accordingly — you model threat risks and balance the right security investments with the right bottom line outcomes.
Not ideological about technology: To you, technologies and programming languages are tools with different tradeoffs. You may be opinionated, but youre not ideological and can learn new technologies as you go.
Empathetic communication: You communicate nuanced ideas clearly, whether youre explaining technical decisions in writing or brainstorming in real time. In disagreements, you engage thoughtfully with other perspectives and compromise when needed.
Team player: For you, work isnt a solo endeavor. You enjoy a team-first, collaborating cross-functionally to accomplish shared goals, and you care about learning, growing, and helping others to do the same.

Nice to Haves:

Ability to lead projects with little guidance, have worked along with engineering teams in a SaaS environment.
Supporting compliance standards, frameworks, and audit activities.
Involvement in local or regional security user groups or conferences would be an added bonus, but not essential.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Notion.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco or New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is 150,000 - 230,000 per year.
LI-Onsite