About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
As part of the growth foundation team at Notion, we are committed to turning our vision of making software ubiquitous into a reality. To achieve this, we harness the power of data, experimentation, creativity, and third-party systems to enhance the value of Notion for our rapidly expanding user community. As a founding member of the team, youll design and develop innovative data-centric systems that not only gather accurate data but also unlock valuable insights about our users. By seamlessly integrating this data across various parts of the Notion ecosystem, we empower ourselves to deliver personalized experiences and tailored recommendations. Join us on this exciting journey of transformation!
What Youll Achieve:

Work cross-functionally with partners from Product Growth, Design, Data Science, Growth Marketing and other organizations to deliver short- and long-term impact
Formulate the roadmap and develop tools and infrastructure that democratize data access, integrate with 3rd party tools, and enables growth initiatives with more effective data-driven decision-making.
Understand the Notion customer to identify key touchpoints in their journey and gain insights that will drive user acquisition, activation, expansion and monetization.
Plan, shape, and implement new features to enhance the product experience and make it more engaging and personalized for our users.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

Work at all levels of the stack: With over 5 years of software engineering experience, you are a full-stack engineer capable of building and maintaining high-quality user interfaces, as well as designing integrated systems in the backend.
Team player: Work is not a solo endeavor for you. You enjoy and excel in communication and collaboration, working in cross-functional environments and establishing the right overarching solution for a companys needs. You care about learning, growing, and helping others do the same.
Pragmatism and impact-orientation: You value business impact and prioritize projects accordingly. You are skilled at managing a long backlog of important projects and collaborating with others to maintain a balance between speed, quality, and long-term goals.
Putting users first: You think critically about the implications of what youre building, and how it shapes real peoples lives. You understand that reach comes with responsibility for our impact—good and bad.

Nice to Haves:

Youre proficient with any part of our technology stack: React, TypeScript, Node.js, and Postgres.
You have experience with data system or recommendation systems is a plus.
Youve worked at a fast-growing start-up, a SaaS company or are eager to contribute in such an environment (being a current Notion user would also be great!)
Youve heard of computing pioneers like Ada Lovelace, Douglas Engelbart, Alan Kay, and others—and understand why were big fans of their work.

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation made due to a disability, please let your recruiter know. Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 130,000 - 250,000 per year.