About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
About The Role:
You will work closely with our enterprise customers and engineers to resolve the most complex issues. You will also help build out systems and processes to manage tasks from report to completion. You will problem-solve with our technical teams and work to resolve as much as you can while scaling our systems.
What Youll Achieve:

Work closely with our largest customers providing white-glove support to solve the most challenging support interactions
Work cross-functionally across engineering and product to build processes and manage issues
Perform advanced troubleshooting of products and embedded partner applications
Reproduce customer issues, perform initial codebase triage and file bugs with Engineering
Manage to key performance metrics defined within the Product Operations Team
Respond to high priority customer issues
Create and maintain internal knowledge libraries and contribute to the creation of user-facing content
Participate in an on-call rotation to assist customers outside of normal working hours

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

You have at least 6 years of experience working in a technical support, technical account manager, partner engineering or similar role.
You have native level fluency in Japanese
You are a fluent communicator in English
You have a strong understanding of and experience with REST APIs
You have strong, in-depth knowledge and experience troubleshooting desktop applications on Microsoft Windows and macOS
You have knowledge of Single Sign-on including OAuth, SAML, and SCIM
You have strong analytical, debugging, and problem-solving skills
You are able to analyze server and client application logs and identify the root cause of errors
You have strong written and verbal communication skills and can work with both technical and non-technical audiences
You are able to balance user expectations while understanding policies and compliance boundaries
You are able to work under pressure and remain focused, confident and professional
You are able to collaborate effectively with peers and across teams that are located in multiple offices

Nice to Haves:

You have strong knowledge of Linux, APIs, NoSQL, MySQL and similar open source technologies
Knowledge and experience writing scripts using one or more of the following languages - Python, Java, Javascript, or Typescript

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Notion.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
 