About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
About The Role:
Were looking for a motivated Sales Development Representative with an entrepreneurial and building spirit to join our founding sales team! As an early member of the team, youll be instrumental in helping define our sales motion, meaningfully shape our future product, and drive business revenue all while having a blast doing it!
What Youll Achieve:

Handle inbound requests from prospective customers interested in buying Notion
Organize and take thorough notes on prospects.
Qualify those prospects to determine whether or not theyre a good fit for Notion
Prospect and develop new potential accounts by educating contacts about how they can increase their teams collaboration, transparency, and productivity with Notion
Experiment on outbound activity to decision makers with customized messaging and channels to generate Enterprise opportunities
Reach out to prospects via email, phone, and LinkedIn to educate them on our productservice
Hold meetings with prospective customers to understand their business challenges and goals
Help build playbooks and define our sales motion
Hold ownership over pipeline generation tactics and strategic approaches
Learn about our product inside and out and be able to give demos customized to the needs of different personas
Collaborate and influence on performance initiatives, product launches and service innovation when working with cross-functional partners

Work with our Global and Regional Marketing team to build strong program feedback loops
Work with our Global GTM team to hit revenue  pipeline generation targets



Skills Youll Need to Bring:

You have 3 yrs experience in sales or sales development in SaaS tech or a high growth environment
Experience making cold calls to decision makers
A track record of high achievement in current and previous roles, hitting or exceeding quotas
Engaging and compelling customer skills - high cognitive empathy and ability to craft stories tailored to the customer
You LOVE talking to customers; Always interested in digging deeper and learning more about their needs
Fluency in Japanese and Business level in English

Nice to Haves:

Youve got strong technical chops — comfort with speaking about technical implementations.
A builders mentality who thrives in collaborative environments; Comfort with ambiguity and solutions-oriented mindset
A growth mindset, positive attitude and ability to view challenges as learning opportunities, not failures
Business level in Korean

 
Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Notion.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
LI-Onsite