About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
Millions of people use Notion — and this number is increasing every day. That means a million people trust us to deliver a fast, reliable, and secure experience, and we value this more than anything. We want to keep earning trust, while also continuing to amaze our users with the tools they can build in Notion. This is where you come in — to help us forge a performant and reliable path forward to the future.
You play a crucial role in handling complex billing inquiries and resolving escalated billing issues responsible for ensuring accurate and timely billing processes while providing exceptional customer service.
What Youll Achieve:

Investigating and resolving complex billing inquiries on refunds, invoice and subscription changes from customers
Processing credit memos and invoice adjustments
Guiding our Tier 2 outsourced team on ambiguous billing questions
Collaborating with cross-functional teams, such as finance and customer support, to resolve billing-related issues and ensure efficient billing processes
Providing exceptional customer service by addressing billing concerns and inquiries in a professional and friendly manner
Maintaining accurate and up-to-date records of billing inquiries, resolutions, and customer interactions
Attending daily weekly sync-up calls with the team and stakeholders
Playing a key role as a Subject Matter Expert by developing, maintaining, and improving the billing process and documentation
Assisting in other ticket queues, as needed

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

3 years of experience in billing support preferably from SaaS background. 
You are able to balance user expectations while understanding policies and compliance boundaries
You are able to collaborate effectively with peers and across teams that are located in multiple offices
You have the ability to handle difficult situations and feedback with grace and maturity
You have proven written and interpersonal skills that come with a customer-facing role, and you take an active interest in increasing customer happiness and deepening customer relationships
You are a self-motivated, proactive, and energetic team player
This position requires a 247 work schedule in rotational shifts
Good knowledge using tools like Stripe and Zendesk.

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation made due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
 
LI-Onsite