About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
Notion is looking to hire a Professional Services Lead. This role supports a global team and will be the founding member of the professional services team, which includes both pre-sales (ex: scoping engagement) and post-sales (ex: engagement delivery) responsibilities. As Notion continues to grow, we need to provide customers with the right resources to ensure they are successful in adopting our technology across all stages of their journey - onboarding, implementation, expansion, and optimization. The professional services team will play a key role in making this happen.
As the Professional Services Lead, you will be part of the GTM organization and report to the Head of Global Sales. You will work closely with other leaders in GTM as well as cross functional organizations on building our professional services team and strategy. This is across all phases of the customer life cycle for professional services - from scoping  delivering engagements through operational processes (ex: KPIs, reporting).
Our ideal candidate is a builder. Ideally they have built professional services teamsprograms from the ground, experienced with partner ecosystems, and comfortable scopingdelivering engagements while we build the program. A bonus is if the candidate has experience using Notion.
What Youll Achieve:

Building our professional services catalog, including packaging  pricing
Establishing a repeatablescalable process for services engagements
Definingimplementing a delivery strategy that includes both partners and internal resources
Developing, tracking, and analyzing KPIs to measure the health of professional services
Working cross-functionally with stakeholders inside and outside of GTM
Regularly traveling to customer sites and key internal stakeholders offices
Scoping and delivering customer engagements while we build the program

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

You are a builder who likes to create new processes
You have experience launching and scaling programs from their infancy
You have experience working with third-party integrations for IAMSSO, DLP or SIEM
You have coding experience that would enable you to write basic scripts using the Notion API
You operate with pace and tempo, focusing on shipping  iterating as you learn
You are a cross-functional partner who works well with folks inside and outside GTM
You have the technical skills to scope, project manage, and deliver customer engagements
You have 8 years experience working in professional services

Nice to Haves:

You have experience using Notion
You understand and can explain how APIs will be used to support customer workflows
You have worked in global roles
You are knowledgable with the needs of EPDMarketing Teams or previously worked at a SaaSTech company

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco and New York, the estimated range for total on target earnings (including base salary and on target incentive pay) for this role is 210,000 - 245,000 per year.
LI-Onsite