About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
At its core, Notion builds software that empowers customers to solve their own problems. We deliver customers, creators, and developers a set of building blocks that enables them to make software to solve their own problems, the way they want. As such, Notion can be used for almost anything: for writing and sharing docs, as a wiki, for managing projects and tasks, and more.
The Business Development  Partnerships team aims to advance our company goals through partnerships by augmenting product experiences and engagement, accelerating user and revenue growth, and driving distribution of our products and services. In this role, you will help shape the future of Notions channel partner program with focus on services partnerships. Youll be responsible for managing and growing our Services Partner Program, interfacing with dozens of companies building consulting businesses for Notion. We expect that youll be able to:

Hit the ground running: Weve built the foundations of our Services Partner Program and are looking for a dedicated resource to bring its impact to new heights.
Grow and optimize an engaged partner ecosystem: Our customers already look to consulting partners to service their unique, and often times complex, needs using Notion. Youll be responsible for the entire partner lifecycle - from recruiting, onboarding and enablement, to optimization and growth. Relatedly, you will design, launch, and manage Notions accreditation strategy, driving ongoing training  enablement with service partners.
Work across a multi-disciplinary team environment: Youll work closely across many functions inside Notion to get your work done, while building and optimizing internal operations to ensure effective onboarding and successful management of services partners. Specifically, you will forge a close partnership with our Sales  Customer Success to successful business outcomes to Notion customers.

What Youll Achieve:

Develop and drive ongoing partnerships strategy and programs to grow our channel and partner influenced revenue
Build the operational foundations of Notions channel programs to ensure effective recruitment, onboarding, enablement, and engagement of partners
Youll act as an internal advocate for Notions services and channel partners
Youll help design the Business Development function at Notion — what its responsible for, how it interfaces with other teams, and how itll grow and develop over time

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

5 years in revenue partnerships and are able to influence constituencies across a wide variety of functions
You have experience defining and executing partnership strategies to grow revenue programs in previous role(s)
You can interface both externally and internally, across functions like: Sales, Legal, Product, Marketing, and Customer Success
You have strong written and verbal communication, and negotiation and quantitative analysis skills — and can project manage on a deadline

Nice to Haves:

You have worked on servicesconsulting partner programs at another B2B SaaS company
You love the Notion product and are excited about the possibilities of the Notion platform
Youve been an early business development hire at a fast-growing start up before
Youve held and outperformed your sales target before

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Notion.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco or New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is 170,000 - 200,000 per year.
LI-Onsite