About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
About The Role:
Millions of people use Notion — and this number is increasing every day. That means millions of people trust us to deliver a fast, reliable, and secure experience, and we value this more than anything. We want to keep earning trust, while also continuing to amaze our users with the tools they can build in Notion.
The Cloud Infrastructure team is a new team tasked with architecting, delivering, and operating the foundational cloud environment that powers Notion. As a founding engineer on the team, youll work on the fundamental infrastructure components that all other teams at Notion build upon to guide Notion through the next few years of growth.
What Youll Achieve:

Help build a vision and roadmaps for this team, including Notions strategy on service provisioning, disaster recovery, and environment isolation  consistency
Partner closely with the broader engineering team to capacity plan and ensure an efficient and predictable cloud workload
Partner with the security engineering team to harden Notions cloud environment
Help drive large cross-functional projects, such as helping Notion achieve data residency in multiple data centers

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

Infrastructure  backend expertise: Youre comfortable diving into any part of the system (application code, configuration, deployment pipeline, internal  external services and APIs), and you bring multiple years of expertise in a few of the following areas:

Cloud architecture  security group architecture (AWS, GCP, Azure)
Cloud cost efficiency  capacity planning  auto-scaling
Infrastructure as code  terraform
Debugging production systems
Networking  load balancing  CDN  proxies  caching
Containerization, deployment, and config management
Relational and non-relational database architecture and management
Identity and access management


Startup mentality: You are comfortable navigating the fast moving, unstructured nature of a hyper-growth startup. You are self-motivated to add value and bias towards action. You understand the importance of setting the engineering quality bar for the long term success of our business, but are able to make difficult prioritizations.
Pragmatic and business-oriented: You care about business impact and prioritize projects accordingly. You dont just go after cool stuff—you understand the balance between craft, speed, and the bottom line. To you, technologies and programming languages are about tradeoffs. You may be opinionated, but youre not ideological and can learn new technologies as you go.

Nice to Haves:

Experience in scaling a hyper-growth startup
Experience building file storage and delivery infrastructure
Experience with implementing robust backups and disaster recovery
Experience with multi-region failovers or multi-datacenter deployments
You can drive multi-month projects end-to-end with minimal management and cross-functional support
Youve managed, maintained, and monitored systems using Amazon Web Services, Datadog, Postgres, Redis, Memcached, and Elasticsearch.

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is 130,000 - 250,000 per year. 
LI-Onsite