About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
The Strategic Finance team is a newly established function, responsible for maximizing Notions long term value by evaluating and facilitating strategic decisions, allocating and deploying the Companys resources efficiently. This team is responsible for leading the annual and quarterly planning process, performing financial analyses and partnering with teams across Notion to track performance at the company and strategic level.
The Revenue  Growth Strategic Finance team is responsible for consolidating all of Notions top-line drivers with a focus on the Self-serve motion. As an early member of the team, you will have opportunities to help build out some of Notions key financial infrastructure. You will be a key partner to Product, Data, Finance  Accounting (and more!) and have the chance to work on a wide range of tasks, from building and managing top-line model and reporting to developing deep dives across key drivers of the business. This role requires someone who is highly analytical and strategic and loves data and numbers.
What Youll Achieve:

Early member of the Strategic Finance team, with a focus on managing the consolidated top-line model, driving regular forecast updates, and producing weeklymonthly reporting packages
Provide broad financial support, including preparation of financial plans, internal management reporting, dashboards and ad-hoc analysis
Work closely with cross-functional leaders to report, manage and control business performance, identifying areas of growth potential and unexpected variances
Collaborate with Strategic Finance and Business Operations on annual planning process, quarterly reforecasts and long-range strategic plans
Assist with presentation communicating Notions strategy and performance for the Companys Board of Directors and investors
Support key strategic initiatives such as MA, strategic partnerships and capital markets activities

Skills Youll Need to Bring: 

3 years of Finance experience, including a strong foundation at high-growth technology companies (SaaS and Consumer), preferably with previous Investment banking andor private equity experience
Expert-level financial modeling skills, with strong attention to detail and high standards for quality
Analytical mindset to draw insights from data, deep-dive into operational drivers, and influence business decisions
Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to work effectively with non-financial audiences
Ability operating independently and manage ambiguity in a fast-moving environment. Youre a self-starter who can manage relationships, deliverables and expectations with your business partnerskey stakeholders
Proficiency in SQL and experience working with Data team to measure performance, access relevant data and build dashboards

Nice to Haves:

Strong understanding of both product-led growth and sales-led growth B2B SaaS businesses, metrics, and customer lifecycle.
Familiarity with Netsuite  financial planning systems

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 145,000 - 170,000.LI-Onsite