About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
About The Role:
Youll join a team of talented engineers who will design and own foundational data products that are key to the companys business and product. Notions data platform and infrastructure are vital to both empowering every team at Notion to make decisions using data, and are increasingly used in our product features, like search, user notifications, workspace analytics and Notion AI.
What Youll Achieve:

Youll work cross-functionally with partners from the Data Science, Data Engineering, AI, Product, Go-to-Market, Legal and Finance organizations to deliver short- and long-term impact
Youll help in executing the roadmap for data infrastructure and systems to power high volume product features using Notions data.
Youll play a pivotal role in the development of tools and infrastructure that democratize data access and enable analytics capabilities across the organization
Youll determine the best ways to handle Notions unique data model and usage patterns to derive insights and bring intelligence to product features like search and discovery.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

You have worked cross-functionally to establish the right overarching data architecture for a companys needs, to build data ingestion (real-time  batch), and to provide guidance on best data practices for the business.
You have worked on data or infrastructure-focused engineering teams, particularly ones that own a wide swath of software platforms (hosted or built in-house).
Youve experienced the challenges of scaling and re-architecting data platforms and infrastructure through orders of magnitude of growth and scaling data volume.
You have a deep background with big data compute, storage, and best practices that you can ask the right questions of your team, balance technology and people concerns, and make hard tradeoffs.

Nice to Haves:

Youve built out data infrastructure from, or nearly from, scratch at a fast-growing startup.
Youve led or managed a Data Engineering  Platform  Infrastructure Team.
You have experience building MLOps and ML serving infrastructure.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Notion.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation made due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
LI-Onsite