About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
About The Role:
As our customers expand their usage to hundreds of users and documents, and as we provide them with more and more functionality, we will need to evolve our architecture to meet the needs and empower our teams to deliver value to our customers. Youll lead a team of engineers and managers responsible for evolving the core parts of Notions architecture to enable our vision for years to come. Your team is responsible for building data and UI abstractions for core Notion features to enable our growing scale and complexity.
Engineering managers at Notion are responsible for creating and fostering user-focused, collaborative, and high-performing teams that build products to empower everyone as a toolmaker. In this specific role, you will work with customer teams and leadership to understand our strategy and set your teams strategy accordingly. You will drive execution in your team to deliver impact. Additionally, as an engineering leader at Notion, you will contribute to up-leveling Notions entire engineering organization.
What Youll Do:

Youll build and manage a diverse and inclusive team of engineers and managers working on core parts of Notions architecture. Youll create a healthy environment in your team that embodies Notions values.
Youll recruit, coach, and develop engineers. Youll ensure engineers are regularly receiving feedback and making progress on personal and professional goals.
Youll facilitate planning—the prioritization, sequencing, and staffing of work—for your team.
Youll be responsible for maintaining a high-quality bar for everything your team ships.
Youll own execution in your team to develop a steady cadence of delivering value to your users.
Youll work with others to shape how Notions engineering organization works. Youll help develop our technical practices, recruiting and onboarding strategy, planning and prioritization process, and more.

What Were Looking For:

You have managed senior engineering teams and managers, and have experience in scaling teams.
You have built, or are committed to building, diverse and inclusive teams.
You create team environments that are at once collaborative, empowering, supportive, and challenging—ones where engineers do their best work.
You have a sufficiently deep background in product and technology that you can ask the right questions of your team, balance product, tech, and people concerns, and make hard tradeoffs.
You think rigorously. Youre prepared to tackle the toughest technical problems, understand trade-offs, and enable teams to make decisions and progress.
You have a high tolerance for ambiguity and change, especially around organizational structure and the boundaries of your role. You enjoy jumping into whatever areas need attention and learning as-you-go.
You value empathetic and direct communication, particularly when giving and receiving feedback.


Bonus Points:

You have managed engineering teams at startups before, particularly during periods of rapid growth and organizational change.
You have experience rolling out engineering and management practices and processes—e.g., code review, performance reviews, and levels and ladders—where they didnt exist before.
Youve managed teams that are across multiple offices.
Youve heard of computing pioneers like Ada Lovelace, Douglas Engelbart, Alan Kay, and others—and understand why were big fans of their work.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Notion.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation made due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 200,000 - 250,000 per year. 
LI-Onsite