About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
This role will be responsible for developing and implementing comprehensive sales compensation strategies that are designed to attract, motivate, and retain top talent.
The main objective is to develop, manage, and administer sales compensation plans that support the achievement of business growth goals. This should be done in collaboration with HR, Finance, and Legal departments. It involves working closely with sales leaders to create, modify, and administer compensation plans for different sales roles, such as Account Executives (AE), Account Managers (AM), Customer Success Managers (CSM), Sales Development Representatives (SDR), Sales Engineers (SE), and Sales  CS Management.
We also expect the Sales compensation partner to participate in the creation and management of Rules of Engagement (ROE), as well as managing exceptions.
What Youll Achieve:

Develop and execute compensation strategies that align with organizational goals in collaboration with HR, Finance and Legal
Secure final decisions and approvals, and drive communication of plan for new incentives to leaders and employees
Execute on the calculation and administration of sales commissions on a quarterly basis
Partner with finance on forecasting commissions expense for future quarters
Analyze and evaluate the effectiveness of compensation programs, SPIFs, making recommendations for improvements as necessary.
Stay up-to-date with industry best practices and emerging trends in sales compensation space for SAAS
Create and evolve ROE for Sales teams and address any deviationsexceptions; Partner with Sales Ops to operationalize ROE

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

5 years of experience in compensation management, including the design and implementation of sales compensation programs in SAAS
Bachelors degree in Human Resources, Business Administration, or a related field. Masters degree is a plus.
Excellent analytical and quantitative skills, with the ability to conduct complex data analysis.
Exceptional attention to detail and accuracy.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with stakeholders at all levels.
Demonstrated ability to manage multiple priorities and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment.

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco or New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is 150,000 - 180,000 per year.
LI-Onsite