About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About the Role:
Were seeking a motivated Sales Development Representative with an entrepreneurial and building spirit to join our founding sales team! As an early team member, youll be instrumental in helping define our sales motion, meaningfully shape our future product, and drive business revenue, all while having a blast doing it!
What Youll Achieve:

Handle inbound requests from prospective customers interested in buying Notion
Organize and take thorough notes on prospects.
Qualify those prospects to determine whether or not theyre a good fit for Notion
Prospect and develop new potential accounts by educating contacts about how they can increase their teams collaboration, transparency, and productivity with Notion
Experiment with different audiences, messaging, and channels to generate Enterprise opportunities
Reach out to prospects via email, phone, and LinkedIn to educate them on our productservice
Hold face-to-face and Zoom meetings with prospective customers to understand their business challenges and goals
Help build playbooks and define our sales motion
Hold ownership over pipeline generation tactics and strategic approaches
Learn about our product inside and out and be able to give demos customized to the needs of different personas
Collaborate and influence on performance initiatives, product launches, and service innovation when working with cross-functional partners

Work with our Global and regional Marketing team to build strong program feedback loops
Work with our global GTM team to hit revenue  pipeline generation targets



Skills and Toolset Youll Need to Bring:

You have 1 yrs of experience in sales or sales development in saas tech or a high-growth environment
Engaging and compelling customer skills - high cognitive empathy and ability to craft stories tailored to the customer
Comfort with ambiguity and are solutions-oriented
An ability to operate within the gray and find creative or out-of-the-box solutions when faced with ambiguity
A track record of high achievement in current and previous roles hitting or exceeding quotas
A builders mentality who thrives in collaborative environments
A tireless positive attitude with strong grit, especially when navigating unchartered territories
A growth mindset and view challenges as learning opportunities, not failures
A passion for customers and a natural empathy for their needs
A love for getting to know new people and helping them solve their business problems
Patience, warmth, and organization
You are energized to be part of the building phase for the revenue team in a hypergrowth company
You LOVE talking to customers; Always interested in digging deeper and learning more
You are a phenomenally strong communicator.
You can put yourself in others shoes and see situations from perspectives other than your own
Youre hardworking and goal-oriented

Nice to haves:

Youve got strong technical chops — comfort with speaking about technical implementations

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated range for total on target earnings (including base salary and on target incentive pay) for this role is 95,000 - 100,000 per year.LI-Onsite