About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
The Notion sales organization has a strong Product Led Growth lean, with many customers entering our funnel through our self-service motion before our product grows toward being a wall-to-wall solution. As we grow, more and more prospects are investigating how Notion can integrate with their existing tech stack, replace existing solutions, or be deployed in large or phased implementation to support desired business goals. As an early member of the Solutions Engineering team, you will:

Partner with members of the sales org on customer engagements with prospective and existing customers
Respond to advanced product and technical questions, RFPs, and security questionnaires in a precise and timely manner
Provide thoughtful technical guidance to customers throughout the sales process, with a focus on quickly enabling customers to successfully deploy and integrate Notion
Develop custom Notion workspaces showcasing a deep understanding of Notions ability to support customer workflows and integrated applications
Curate structured product feedback to enable the Product and Engineering teams to enhance and refine Notion to solve customer needs
Work with marketing to refine our technical narrative for the product, including blog posts, webinars, and customer-facing marketing collateral
Educate the sales org on the product, upcoming releases, competitive analysis, and topical information about typical customer environments and third party applications
Document technical considerations and contribute to internal knowledge bases as a resource for other teams, customers, and partners

What Youll Achieve:

Drive technical onboarding  implementation for a product people love that solves real problems: Some of the worlds largest companies use Notion to run huge teams — but your friends and family can also use it to take notes, display photos, and more. Some non-profits even use it to conserve wildlife!
Help build the foundations of Solutions Engineering at Notion -  As an early member of our SE org and regional team, youll be instrumental in helping define our sales-assisted motions.
Serve as the customers technical advisor: Youll project manage the technical implementation process to quickly onboard our customers and help them dig deep into new use cases of Notion.
Join a fantastic team at a magical time: Weve hit profitability and over three million users with a small team, which gives us a huge green field to work with. Youll join at the perfect time to shape how we grow from here.
Meaningfully shape our future product: As you engage with customers, youll gain insights to help us serve them better — and work with product to inform what we do next.
Elevate your skills as we tackle our most impactful challenges: Weve achieved more than teams 10x our size in less time — and theres so much more to do and learn.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

4 years as Technical Sales Engineer, Solutions Engineer or Solutions Architect
Youre able to understand and explain how APIs can be used to support advanced customer workflows
You have experience working with third-party integrations for IAMSSO, DLP or SIEM platforms
You have strong project management experience and have managed complex projects to completion
You have a growth mindset and thrive in the building stage of a nascent team
Youre highly adaptable, easily acclimating to a rapidly changing business and industry

Nice to Haves:

Youve been a first or early hire at a fast-growing startup before
You have experience using Notion
You have coding experience that would enable you to write basic scripts using the Notion API
You have experience using with and designing relational databases

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated range for total on target earnings (including base salary and on target incentive pay) for this role is 175,000- 195,000 per year. 
LI-Onsite
 