
About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
Notion is transitioning from start-up to scale-up. The AMER region currently accounts for a significant portion of our user base and global revenue. We are looking for an exceptional Sales leader to help scale us to the next level. Given the strong subscription and license based revenue model, building out our sales program is a vital part of our long term growth strategy.
The AMER Sales team is responsible for landing Mid-MarketEnterprise logos into our business products and generating net new ARR for Notion from customers in the AMER region. The team manages a mixture of lead generation channels across Inbound and Greenfield motions as well as working with our self-service install base to drive upgrades into our Enterprise products. You will be responsible for managing our Sales Development Representatives, Account Executives, Account Managers and Customer Success Managers to drive growth and achieve revenue targets.
What Youll Achieve:

As the Head of AMER Sales, you will create a strategy to develop net new revenue in the mid-marketenterprise segment for Notions business products
You will recruit, develop and lead managers across teams of SDRs, new business Account Executives, Account Managers and Customer Success, overseeing day-to-day activity while setting clear expectations and managing performance goals
Partnering with leaders across Sales Operations, Marketing and Sales Development to plan territory mapping and pipeline development programs
You understand the importance of communication and collaboration in defining a customer-first mentality, and you will work closely with our Product, Marketing and Sales leadership teams to drive insight in to Ideal Customer Profile
You will work in partnership with your regional sales counterparts in APAC and EMEA to build a global cohesive sales strategy
Help grow the foundations of Sales at Notion: As an early member of our sales org, youll be instrumental in helping define our inbound and outbound sales motions
Join a fantastic team at a magical time: Weve hit profitability and over three million users with a small team, which gives us a huge green field to work with. Youll join at the perfect time to shape how we grow from here
Meaningfully shape our future product: As you engage with customers, youll gain insights to help us serve them better — and work with product to inform what we do next
Elevate your skills as we tackle our most impactful challenges: Weve achieved more than teams 10x our size in less time — and theres so much more to do and learn

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

You are inspired by our mission of making software tooling ubiquitous
You have 10 years experience as a direct sales leadermanager  regional sales leader
You have experience leading inbound and outbound motions across all segments
Strong track record of achieving sales targets across teams and individually
Skilled in managing and coaching through the full sales cycle from prospecting to closing
You have strong recognized leadership skills with a focus on empowerment, positive-mindsets, collaboration and ability to inspire a team of direct reports
You are comfortable with the ambiguity and pace of iteration of an early-stage startup
You have a growth mindset and thrive in the building stage of a nascent team
You view setbacks as learning opportunities, not failures
You have a high EQ and exceptional interpersonal skills, ability to manage influence through persuasion, negotiation, and consensus building
You have an analytical mindset and enjoy problem solving as part of a regional leadership team
You have strong empathy for customers and passion for revenue and growth
You have a good understanding of value drivers in recurring revenue business models

Nice to Haves:

Youve been a first or early hire at a fast growing start up before
Experience using Salesforce for accurate forecasting
Experienced in hiring and training talent at scale

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated range for total on target earnings (including base salary and on target incentive pay) for this role is 350,000 - 400,000 per year.
LI-Onsite

 