About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Nike, Airbnb, Slack, Samsung and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
About The Role:
Mobile devices have reshaped personal computing—the power of a desktop now fits in our pockets. By giving everyone the building blocks to create their own tools, well solve more problems wherever we go. A delightful, intuitive mobile experience: thats our guiding light, and we need Android engineers to make it a reality.
What Youll Achieve:

Youll work with the team to plan, shape, and build new product features for our Android app.
We value building high quality apps. Youll improve the performance, reliability, and polish of our Android app. You will also get to work on web stack to improve parts of the App.
Youll help build and improve internal tools with simplicity and productivity in mind. For example, you might write a script that makes it easier to deploy new versions of our apps.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

Thoughtful problem-solving: For you, problem-solving starts with a clear and accurate understanding of the context. You can decompose tricky problems and work towards a clean solution, by yourself or with teammates. Youre comfortable asking for help when you get stuck.
Willingness to learn and work on multiple tech stacks: While we are primarily looking for Android expertise, this role will require willingness to learn and work on the web stack.
Ability to ship quality apps at scale: You can work with a team to build and maintain quality Android apps for a large audience. Youre familiar with Kotlin or Java and have handled UI, networking, and threading in those languages.
Pragmatic and business-oriented: You care about business impact and prioritize projects accordingly. Youre not just going after cool stuff—you understand the balance between craft, speed, and the bottom line.
Put users first: You think critically about the implications of what youre building, and how it shapes real peoples lives. You understand that reach comes with responsibility for our impact—good and bad.
Not ideological about technology: To you, technologies and programming languages are about tradeoffs. You may be opinionated, but youre not ideological and can learn new technologies as you go.
Empathetic communication: You communicate nuanced ideas clearly, whether youre explaining technical decisions in writing or brainstorming in real time. In disagreements, you engage thoughtfully with other perspectives and compromise when needed.
Team player: For you, work isnt a solo endeavor. You enjoy collaborating cross-functionally to accomplish shared goals, and you care about learning, growing, and helping others to do the same.

Nice to Haves:

Youre proficient with any part of our technology stack: Kotlin, Swift, React, TypeScript, Node.js, Postgres.
Youve heard of computing pioneers like Ada Lovelace, Douglas Engelbart, Alan Kay, and others—and understand why were big fans of their work.
You have interests outside of technology, such as in art, history, or social sciences.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Notion.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation made due to a disability, please let your recruiter know. Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in New York, the estimated base salary range for this role is 130,000 - 250,000 per year.
LI-Onsite
 