About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:

Actively work to maintain strong relationships with Notions existing customer base while identifying opportunity for expanding usage
Drive executive level relationships within our largest customer base
Responsible for forecasting and delivering Notion Mid-Market Expansion, covering existing accounts 300-1000 employees and Renewal revenue targets
Work cross-functionally and collaboratively with internal teams (sales, customer success, deal-desk, ops, legal) to ensure timely renewals
Innovate and iterate on the contract renewal process to retain and grow customers while mitigating churn or contraction
Identify and manage expansion opportunities to ensure Notion adoption within Enterprise customer base
Partner with the Customer Success team on marquee Mid-Market accounts to expand use cases and create stickier customer
Document and share key findingslearnings with broader Notion organization

What Youll Achieve:

Founding member of the Account Management team: As one of the first dedicated Account Managers, you will help build the foundation for a future large, revenue focused team
Advise our top customers: Be the first line of contact for all our customers needs and summarize key learnings back to our leadership teams.
Join a fantastic team at a magical time: Weve hit profitability and over three million users with a small team, which gives us a huge green field to work with. Youll join at the perfect time to shape how we grow from here.
Meaningfully shape our future product: As you engage with customers, youll gain insights to help us serve them better — and work with product to inform what we do next.
Elevate your skills as we tackle our most impactful challenges: Weve achieved more than teams 10x our size in less time — and theres so much more to do and learn.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

5 years of proven sales, account management, andor consulting experience inclusive of renewals and negotiation skills
Ability to create executive level relationships in marquee customer base
Create and deliver against strategic account plan within customer base
Interest and strong ability to understand a customers business goals and drive solution based selling strategies
Ability to identify and understand customer needs
Strong problem solving skills
Excellent communication and writing skills
Collaborative and team oriented

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Notion.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 190,000 - 228,000 per year.LI-Onsite