About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
The Strategic Finance team plays a critical part in maximizing Notions long term value by evaluating and facilitating strategic decisions, allocating and deploying the Companys resources efficiently. This team is responsible for driving the company planning and forecasting process, performing financial analyses, surfacing insights and partnering with teams across Notion to track performance at the company and strategic level.
The BI  Growth Analytics role is a unique combination of both finance and data analytics that can supercharge the insights  analytics arm of the Strategic Finance team. The right candidate has the ability to self-serve hisher own data, identify and measure business and growth drivers and surface insights for a broader audience.
As an integral part of the Strategic Finance team, your responsibilities include, but are not limited to, building reporting dashboards and specifying the relevant data pipelines, deriving insights from existing datasets, defining success metrics for new initiatives, building queries to enable more accurate forecasting, helping with growth marketing attributions.
This role will primarily focus on the Product-led-growth (Self-Serve) Go-To-Market motion for Notion and help us understand and better optimize the entire lifecycle funnel from discovery, acquisition, activation, expansion to retention. You will get to work cross-functionally with product, data science, marketing, and engineering teams.
What Youll Achieve:

Help build a data and insights engine that enables better forecasting and decision making for Notion
Become an expert in Notions data and systems. You should be able to self-serve all the underlying data for our business and derive insights from them
Build dashboards that enable better surfacing of key business trends and build reporting for the Executive team
Generate insights and recommendations for how we should drive growth in our self-serve business
Review and rebuild queries to enable more accurate forecasting for our business
Partner with Growth Product and DS to brainstorm measurement and attribution methodologies for new bets and initiatives
Partner with Growth Marketing to brainstorm and size opportunities across various marketing channels (for example: affiliate, influencer programs, etc.)
Drive attribution and reporting of key initiatives

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

8 years in analyticsBI or finance role, ideally with experience in both B2C and B2B companies
Strong analytical skills, proficiency in SQL and Tableau is critical for the role
Ability to independently validate large data sets with proven ability to organize and interpret data to surface insights
Experience building and managing executive-level performance dashboards
Strong Excel proficiency (statistical functions, regressions, etc.)
Ability to navigate ambiguity and build from 0 to 1
Must be able to manage tight timeline as our business is dynamic and we want to timely surface insights and update our underlying assumptions for our forecast
Excellent written and oral communication skills, with strong story telling ability

Nice to Haves:

Knowledge of Python is a plus
Experience in Management Consulting and Investment BankingPrivate Equity a plus

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 190,000 - 240,000 per yearLI-Onsite