About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role
Imagine yourself in the 1970s or 80s thinking through how computing should look and feel for people who had never seen one before. Thats what were trying to do at Notion — make software that feels timeless, with the craftsmanship of German cameras, playfulness of Japanese toys, and mass appeal of Coca-Cola. We have no end of fascinating challenges that can only be solved by someone with innate product  UX sense, technical aptitude, great taste, and impeccable craft.
What Youll Achieve:

Design product concepts that balance vision, craft, speed, and business potential.
Craft every detail of new product features, from idea to UX to pixel-perfect execution.
Run projects end to end with engineers to drive your vision to the ship line.
Partner closely with our Customer Experience, Sales, and Customer Success teams to understand what each of our diverse user segments need, want, and love about Notion. Use this data and acquired intuition to prioritize, plan, and scope our product roadmap.
Work with Marketing to devise new ways to tell great stories throughout the user lifecycle, and across our site, product, help guides and other channels.
Create new patterns that are intuitive, practical, and convergent. Evolve our design system intentionally as we scale.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

You have 5 years of experience working onwith growth teams and thrive in a fast-paced environment.
You are curious and passionate about learning and experimentation. You enjoy using data and research to form hypothesis and craft unique, testable product experiences that help drive business impact.
Youre generative and explore a wide variety of design solutions.
You seek to understand the needs of customers and advocate for the strongest user experiences to solve their problems.
You create clear, intuitive, and visually appealing human interfaces.
You care about business needs, implications, and practicality of your designs. You dont get stuck on pretty UI or deep abstractions and can balance between craft, speed, and the bottom line.
You have strong beliefs, loosely held. Youre a good listener who collaborates well with different stakeholders. You observe and internalize all inputs and feedback to help you reach an optimal decision.
You understand how to tell stories using both words and visuals, and strategize the best ways to drive alignment.
You value working cross-functionally with project management, engineering, research and data — as well as design peers.

Nice to Haves:

Youve designed and built great tools with small teams in the past.
You bring unique strengths and perspectives to the team. Were looking to build a diverse team where our skills and experience can complement each other.
Youve experienced the pain of fragmented tools and information silos created by them, and have a strong urge to fix it.
Youre familiar with the work of computing heroes like Douglas Engelbart, Alan Kay, Bret Victor, etc. — and understand why were big fans.
You are a designer who can code!

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in New York City and San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 105,000 - 260,000 per year. 
LI-Onsite