About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays).
About The Role:
Remember the first time you solved a problem by programming? The delight and excitement you felt when it finally...worked? We want to deliver that experience to everyone by giving them the building blocks to create useful tools of all kinds—without needing to code. Thats been the vision of computing pioneers since the 70s. Today, all the infrastructure is present, but we need your engineering to pull it off.
What Youll Do:

Youll work with others to build new product features from start to finish: through conception, research, implementation, and maintenance. For example, you might build a tool that allows admins to manage all their workspaces at once. 
Youll help improve performance and reliability, or polish existing features. For example, you might optimize our block data model.
Youll build internal tools to support simplicity and productivity for the whole team. This might include building dashboards and alerting to ensure that our features are reliable.

What Were Looking For:

Thoughtful problem-solving: For you, problem-solving starts with a clear and accurate understanding of the context. You can decompose tricky problems and work towards a clean solution, by yourself or with teammates. Youre comfortable asking for help when you get stuck.
Shipping quality user interfaces: You can work with others to build and maintain quality user interfaces for a big audience, using Web technologies like HTML, CSS, TypeScript, and a modern UI framework like React. If youve experienced the technical challenges of rapid growth, thats a plus.
Familiarity with the backend: You understand how parts of a system fit together—from the user interface to the data model. Experienced candidates should be familiar with relational database systems like Postgres or MySQL.
Pragmatic and business-oriented: You care about the business impact of what youre building, and you prioritize projects accordingly. Youre not just going after cool stuff—you understand the balance between craft, speed, and the bottom line.
Put users first: You think critically about the implications of what youre building, and how it shapes real peoples lives. You understand that reach comes with responsibility for our impact—good and bad.
Not ideological about technology: To you, technologies and programming languages are about tradeoffs. You may be opinionated, but youre not ideological and can learn new technologies as you go.
Empathetic communication: You communicate nuanced ideas clearly, whether youre explaining technical decisions in writing or brainstorming in real time. In disagreements, you engage thoughtfully with other perspectives and compromise when needed.
Team player: You understand when work is better, together. You enjoy collaborating cross-functionally to accomplish shared goals, and you care about learning, growing, and helping others to do the same.

Bonus Points:

Youre proficient with any part of our technology stack: React, TypeScript, Node.js, and Postgres.
You have prior experience working on Enterprise systems: SAML, SCIM, eDiscovery, Access control mechanisms like RBAC, and more.
Youve heard of computing pioneers like Ada Lovelace, Douglas Engelbart, Alan Kay, and others—and understand why were big fans of their work.
You have interests outside of technology, such as in art, history, or social sciences.

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 145,000 - 225,000 per year. 
LI-Onsite