About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
The Notion Recruiting team acts as trusted business partners who craft a thorough, inclusive, and curated interviewing experience. We believe hiring exceptional talent, at the right time, is the best path forward in order to achieve our companys ambitious goals.
Were looking for a Go-to-Market Recruiter who has both the breadth and depth required to be a trusted partner to our various Go-to-Market (GTM) teams. In this position you will need to understand the needs of the business today and in order to drive our mission and business forward - both tomorrow and beyond. Additionally, youll collaborate and define recruiting strategy, own full-cycle efforts, and ensure every candidate has as delightful experience as the last.
What Youll Achieve:

Partner with and support hiring across the GTM org (which includes: Marketing, Sales, Customer Success, Customer Experience, Revenue Operations, and Sales Engineering)
Own the recruiting process from talent identification through successful close; ensuring the candidate experience is thoughtful and intentional every step of the way
Drive our diversity and inclusion strategy forward (internally called IDEA), with a heavy emphasis on sourcing candidates from under-represented backgrounds
Ensure scaleable  structured hiring plans for all roles, ensuring consistent and objective evaluation and assessment processes
Inspire candidates throughout all stages of the interview process while acting as their advisor and advocate through each and every step of the way
Build processes and programs that will help the recruitment team scale its efforts for years to come
Partner with cross-functional teams including compensation, HR, and executive operations

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

4 years recruiting experience, specifically within GTM functions
Track record for successfully identifying, qualifying, and closing exceptional talent
Experience coaching, advising, and consulting hiring managers, guiding them through the whole recruiting process to ensure they make the best hire
Experience building representative candidate pipelines and helping hiring managers create inclusive teams
Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills. You value your candidates and hiring managers time and are relentless with delivering a high-touch and quality recruiting experience.
A team player mentality and a positive attitude. We are a small organization so youll need to be comfortable wearing many hats.
Thrive in fast-paced, constantly changing environments.

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 140,000 - 160,000 per year.
LI-Onsite
 