About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
We are looking for an AI Engineer to join our small but nimble AI team whose mission is to make Notion a product that gives empowers our users to tackle larger problems leveraging AI. As a more experienced member of the team, you will work on determining how best to incorporate large language models (LLMs), embeddings, and other AI technologies into Notions product. Youll be exploring the boundaries of whats possible with ML technology and finding innovative ways to apply new industry learnings to Notions product offering.
What youll achieve:

Work with the team to prototype and experiment with new AI features
Productionize and launch new AI technology integrations into Notions core product
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver product features on time
Stay up-to-date with the latest AI technologies and trends

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

Domain Expert, Teacher and Learner: You have experience building AI products using LLMs, embeddings or other ML natural language technologies. 3 years of experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, recommendation or ranking systems, natural language understandinggeneration or artificial intelligence. Youre excited about bringing your pre-existing knowledge to the team, but you balance that with perpetual curiosity and understanding that there is always more to learn.
Pragmatic Problem-solver: You approach problems holistically, starting with a clear and accurate understanding of the context. You think critically about the implications of what youre building and how it will impact real peoples lives. You can navigate ambiguity flawlessly, decompose complex problems into clean solutions, while also balancing the business impact of what youre building. You are able to think on your feet, iterate efficiently on new ideas, and are enthusiastic about shifting your thinking as new information comes to light.
Empathetic communication and leadership: You communicate nuanced ideas clearly, whether youre explaining technical decisions in writing or brainstorming in real time. In disagreements, you engage thoughtfully with other perspectives and compromise when needed. You enjoy collaborating with and mentoring fellow engineers and work well with cross-functional partners. You are a lifelong learner and invest in both your own growth and the growth, learning, and development of your teammates.
Impact-orientation and user focus: You care about business impact and prioritize projects accordingly. You understand the balance between craft, speed, and the bottom line. You think critically about the implications of what youre building, and how it shapes real peoples lives. You understand that reach comes with responsibility for our impact—good and bad. Work isnt a solo endeavor for you, and you enjoy collaborating cross-functionally to accomplish shared goals.

Nice to Haves:

You understand how parts of a system fit together, from the user interface to the data model. You are familiar with relational database systems like Postgres or MySQL, and have experience building products from ground up.
Youre proficient with data pipeline technologies: Spark, DBT, etc
Youre proficient with any part of our technology stack: React, TypeScript, Node.js, and Postgres.
You have experience driving teams toward shared goals and can balance business priorities with individuals strengths, areas of interest, and career development goals.
Youve heard of computing pioneers like Ada Lovelace, Douglas Engelbart, Alan Kay, and others—and understand why were big fans of their work.
You have interests outside of technology, such as in art, history, or social sciences.

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco or New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is 160,000 - 280,000 per year. 
LI-Onsite