About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
Millions of people use Notion — and this number is increasing every day. That means a million people trust us to deliver a fast, reliable, and secure experience, and we value this more than anything. We want to keep earning trust, while also continuing to amaze our users with the tools they can build in Notion. This is where you come in — to help us forge a performant and reliable path forward to the future.
What youll Achieve:

Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable automation scripts.
To analyze and understand the functional requirements for In Scope automation.
Identify Pre and Post conditions for execution and the exception handling mechanism.
Follow all laid down testing standards and procedures and review the automation test, validation, and pilot results to ensure they meet entry and exit criteria.
Ensure defects are identified, captured and resolved using the agreed the Defect Management process

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

Expertise  Programming experience in at least in one Code language (Java, Python, JS etc.) JavaPythonJS
3 years of experience in the automation in Tools like Selenium (Mandatory), Test NG, Maven, Git, Jenkins, SOAP UI, Java script, Xpaths
Expertise in practical knowledge of automated testing dev tools
API Test automation and a good understanding of API definition
Detailed knowledge of Automated Testing Tools and Processes.
Automation Test Planning, Design and Execution
Good understanding on Framework design, Automation Planning, Automation strategy, and Coding basics

Nice to Haves:

Knowledge on Playwright automation tool
Mobile automation
Type script programming language
Knowledge of test scripting and processes like BDD, TDD , DevOps
CICD Pipeline integration
Agile Methodology

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation made due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.