About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
Notions software helps teams of all sizes collaborate and we have a community of millions of users around the world who are passionate about the product. Were operating at scale, and yet have only tapped into a tiny portion of our huge and fast growing market. As the Head of Growth Marketing, your team will be responsible for introducing Notion to millions more people. You will lead our performance, web, lifecycle, affiliate, SEO, and startup teams as well as stand-up exploratory channels like referrals while optimizing a significant marketing budget against company goals. Were looking for a strategic leader who has experience driving repeatable and scalable results across marketing channels and tactics.
What Youll Achieve:

Build a sustainable, scalable, repeatable engine of growth levers that will help drive Notions business through the next stages of the company
Lead and coach teams across performance marketing, web engineering, seo, conversion rate optimization, lifecycle marketing, affiliates, and more
Drive high-quality individual and team workspace customers, at a positive ROI
Partner closely with Data, Engineering, Design and Product to scale our growth efforts 10x and optimize our self-service funnel
Partner with cross-functional teams to enhance and continue building best-in-class marketing data and technology capabilities
Understand and improve Notions funnel and unlock additional opportunities to scale
Work closely with Data and Finance to improve attribution, forecast and report on ROI, and communicate results to leadership
Build a culture of rapid experimentation, creativity and ability to be on the forefront of growth innovation

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

10 years of growth experience, with a track record of managing teams of at least 10
Understanding of SaaS business models and funnels, particularly those with self-serve engines
Analytical, technical and data literate - able to dig into our tracking, metrics, distill insights and tell compelling stories through data
Proven ability to manage 8 figure budgets and drive efficient revenue growth
Experience leveraging a portfolio of marketing channels and tactics (Organic, Email, Personalization, Paid, Mobile, Affiliate, etc) to run effective always-on media and cross-channel campaigns
Understanding of vendors, tools, systems, and tactics across the evolving marketing landscape
A strong bias to action and sense of curiosity. As a fast-growing company, everyones scope is big and were always doing something new
An owners mindset - you can lead through ambiguity and dig into the details to solve

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco or New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is 265,000-310,000 per year.LI-Onsite