About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).

About The Role:
You will be working closely with our Product Managers, Engineers and Customers to solve the most complex escalated tickets. You will conduct in-depth investigations on user issues related to monetization and billing and drive short and long term resolution. You will also help build out systems and processes to manage tasks from report to completion. You will be problem solving with our Enablement and Technical teams and working to resolve as much as you can while scaling our systems.
This role reports into the Head of Product Operations and sits in the Customer Experience Organization.
What Youll Achieve:

Drive deep analysis of the current state of billing product and paid customer support experience to identify the highest-impact gaps and opportunities
Partner with Monetization EPD, Finance and GTM leadership to recommend improvements in product andor process
Provide operational and tactical support to Monetization EPD throughout the product development process
Ensure the CX Enablement and Vendor Operations teams are closely informed of upcoming product changes and equipped with user-facing content to update documentation
Contribute subject matter expertise to support enablement materials and the Notion Help Center
Provide ongoing and ad-hoc reporting to measure the impact of product and process changes
Coordinate proactive communications to customers when needed
Work closely with customers to solve Support highest tier of support issues across Monetization and Billing
Respond to high priority customer issues from our Escalation queues
Oversee launch readiness and Beta programs for monetization, serving as liaison between support operations and engineering
Reproduce customer issues, perform initial triage and file software defects with Engineering
Use support data to advocate for the voice of our customers by proposing product changes or providing feedback on proposed changes
Participate in an on-call rotation to assist customers outside of normal working hours

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

You have at least 3 years of experience working in Product Operations, Technical Program Management, or a Product ownership role
You are deeply passionate about customer experience and making life simpler with technology
You have strong communication skills and can work with both technical and non-technical audiences
You have strong analytical, debugging, and problem-solving skills
You possess the ability to make decisions with limited data while prioritizing when to collect more information
You are able to collaborate effectively with peers and across teams that are located in multiple offices

Nice to Haves:

Experience working with  reporting on Stripes payment processing platform
You have strong, in-depth knowledge and experience troubleshooting desktop operating systems - Microsoft Windows, macOS
You have strong knowledge of Linux, basic scripting, APIs, NoSQL, Nginx, MySQL and similar open source technologies
Knowledge of and experience using one or more of the following languages - Python, Go, C or Java

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Notion.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation made due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco or New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is 105,000 - 140,000 per year.
 
LI-Onsite  
