About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in-person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
Were looking for a motivated Account Executive with an entrepreneurial and building spirit to join our founding EMEA sales team! As an early member of the team, youll be instrumental in helping define our sales motion, meaningfully shape our future product, and drive business revenue all while having a blast doing it!
What Youll Achieve:

Prospect and develop new potential accounts by educating contacts about how they can increase their teams collaboration, transparency, and productivity with Notion
Hold face-to-face and Zoom meetings with prospective customers to understand their business challenges and goals
Run product demos to close business at or above quota level
Help build playbooks and define our sales motion
Liaise with our incredible EMEA user base to provide world class customer experience

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

5 years of full cycle sales at a fast growing software company
Hunter mindset, results-driven, and proactive in building new business pipeline
A track record of high achievement in current and previous roles hitting or exceeding quotas
A strong growth mindset and desire to get learn and develop
A phenomenally strong communicator
Engaging and compelling presentation skills
A positive and openness minded attitude
A strong desire to be successful without sacrificing your values
A builders mentality who thrives in collaborative environments
An ability to operate within the grey and find creative or out-of-the-box solutions when faced with ambiguity

Nice to Haves:

Youve been an early sales hire at a fast growing start up before
Youve got strong technical chops
Fluency in Spanish

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Notion.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, colour, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.