About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
Notion has millions of users who rely on Lifecycle Marketing to help them along their journeys with our tools. Were looking for an experienced Lifecycle Marketer to join our Growth team to own activating, monetizing, expanding and retaining our diverse user base. Youll achieve this by building personalized campaigns, leveraging data and user research to improve the user experience. Youll partner with Product, Marketing, and Customer Success to build, test and scale a portfolio of experiments, indexing on learning, iterating, and shipping at speed. Most importantly, youll be an advocate for our users — sharing insights back to the company on how users are responding to different messaging and tactics, creating feedback flywheels across the company.
What Youll Achieve:

User love and business impact: Youll be responsible for creating delightful user experiences and driving business growth by improving user activation, conversion, and retention
Partnership with cross-functional teams: As a data-driven growth marketer, you thrive working closely with Product, Engineering, Design, and Marketing teams to optimize email and in-app touch points to drive incremental impact and learnings
Build and launch personalized campaigns: One size fits all does not work for Notions diverse user base. Youll be tasked with understanding top user segments and use cases, delivering focused messaging to the right user at the right time
Constantly measure and report performance  learnings: We run high velocity, high impact campaigns to optimize for learnings. Youll rigorously AB test and execute a roadmap that improve metrics across the funnel
Empathy and curiosity for users and the product: Youll need to be in constant learning mode, developing a strong understanding of our users and their needs through curiosity and empathy. Notion can be complex, and its up to you to distill down the essentials so that anybody can become a toolmaker

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

You have 4-6 years of experience doing growth work (i.e., product management, growth marketing, lifecycle experimentation) — ideally in a fast-paced PLG company
You know you cant do this job alone, and that partnering across technical and business functions to produce holistic customer journeys is essential
You enjoy working in scrappy, fast-paced working environment. You pride yourself on trying things quickly, learning and iterating, and then either pivoting or scaling
Youre excited to own challenging projects that produce user delight as well as business impact backed up by incrementality
A knack for art and science — youre just as comfortable making messaging and design suggestions as you are analyzing a spreadsheet and quantifying results
Youre insatiably curious: youre fascinated by how people behave and have a scientific mindset about how to make even small changes in decision-making
You have a data-driven, product mindset: you tackle complex problems with systems thinking, you love automating manual processes, and can communicate your ideas with structured thinking

Nice to Haves:

Experience in B2B, B2C, and B2C2B marketing
Experience building in a product-led growth company
Experience partnering with agencies to scale impact
Knowledge of customer.io, HTML, SQL, Figma

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 135,000-170,000 per year.LI-Onsite