About Us
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in-person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role
We are seeking a Revenue Accounting Manager who is not only experienced and motivated to solve problems and provide excellent customer service, but also someone who can independently execute their responsibilities and be an effective individual contributor. In this role, you will report to the Head of Revenue Accounting and be responsible for managing day to day revenue accounting operations. You will help evolve our processes and systems to scale with our fast growing business.
What Youll Achieve
As a Revenue Accounting Manager, you will be responsible for managing revenue accounting processes, ensuring accurate financial reporting, and collaborating with cross-functional teams to drive process improvements.

Build and continuously improve our revenue recognition process with a focus on systems and automation
Partner with our cross-functional teams in Sales, Engineering, Legal, and more on all aspects of revenue
Support Sales and Deal Desk on non-standard financial terms
Deeply understand our revenue systems and data to identify problems, process gaps, and propose reasonable and creative solutions to improve processes including opportunities for automating manual processes or activities within a process
Manage month-end revenue close ensuring revenue is recognized in accordance with GAAP
Support Financial Reporting and Audit requirements related to Revenue

Skills Youll Need to Bring

5 years of revenue accounting experience, preferably in a technology company
Strong understanding of revenue recognition principles and ASC 606
Attention to detail and excellent analytical skills
Ability to work collaboratively and effectively communicate with cross-functional teams
Excellent project management skills to work cross-functionally and prior system implementation experience
Experience navigating large amounts of data
Strong experience working with NetSuite, Stripe, and Salesforce
Proven experience with developing scalable, efficient and controlled processes
Experience with SQL and or a willingness to learn
CPA (active or inactive)

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and are enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state, and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 140,000 - 170,000 per year. LI-Onsite