About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
Are you passionate about using data to drive and measure growth and revenue at Notion? As our first BI Engineer for our Sales team, youll be responsible for building out dashboards and reports to track revenue metrics and analyze revenue trends. Youll partner closely with the Sales organization to ensure accuracy and completeness of our Sales data and provide insights that enable better decision-making. Youll also work closely with our broader Data Engineering and Data Science teams on Sales data pipelines and analyses.
What Youll Achieve:

Build and maintain key dashboards and reports for tracking Notions sales performance and customers.
Share visualization and dashboard development best practices with our Business Intelligence and Data Science teams to create consistency across our dashboards.
Build BI grade datasets for more high performant dashboards used by Business stakeholders across the company
Partner with Data Engineers and Data Scientists to design and build data tables that will be accessible for end users of our business intelligence tools.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

You have spent meaningful time as a business intelligence analyst or developer working with high volume datasets for consumer or SMB businesses.
You are a SQL expert. You have no problem regularly leveraging window functions, UDFs, self-joins, and other complex SQL functions to accomplish your data analysis goals.
You are very comfortable building out reporting in at least one business intelligence tool (e.g. Tableau, Looker, Power BI), and building pipelines for last mile datasets for these tools.
You have basic familiarity with at least one scripting language (ideally Python or R) and are open to deepening your knowledge.
You have a bias for using the right tools to get a job done with maximum efficiency. You have experience making tradeoffs between speed and accuracy.

Nice to Haves:

You have worked at a high-growth company or fast-growing start-up.
You have experience with Tableau.
You have experience building BI reporting specifically for Sales and Revenue reporting.
You have built data pipelines in dbt, Airflow, or a similar tool.

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 140,000 - 195,000 per year.
LI-Onsite