About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
The mission of the Conversation Designer is to design an effortless, best-in-class customer support journey. This includes setting strategy and designing flows for our automated support platform, as well as overseeing and creating agent-facing documentation. You will report into the Global Training Manager, and be an integral part of designing conversation experiences that drive faster and more effective issue resolution for Notions customers.
In this role, you will take ownership of our CX knowledge base (Zendesk Guide) and the Workflow Builder within our chatbot (Forethought) by auditing conversation flows created by other CX team members, authoring conversation flows yourself, and implementing standards for future conversation design. You will be a strategic advisor, subject-matter expert, and thought leader.
What Youll Achieve:

Use analytics, AB testing, and generative AI recommendations to measure performance and identify gaps within the customer support journey. Translate data into actionable improvements.
Define conversation design strategy and guidelines to inform the work of our Subject Matter Experts (SMEs). Oversee all changes to the customer support journey through approval of new processes and workflows.
Identify and action on cost-saving opportunities within both chatbot experiences and agent-facing processes, prioritizing those with the highest impact.
Write and maintain process articles, prewritten responses, modelintent training, and bot conversations (including scenario design and flow mapping) in support of new product launches and operational scope changes.
Partner with CX Leaders to drive visibility and with training and quality teams to communicate knowledge base changes and measure success.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

You have 4 years of conversation design experience with in-depth knowledge of conversational design, Knowledge Base authoring experience, UX copy, or linguistic content verification.
Demonstrated experience designing best-in-class customer experiences using both chat bots and agent-driven process; using data to show the ROI from those designs
Have a metrics mindset: You believe success is a measured outcome, and will dive deep into data to inform design and prioritization decisions.
You are able to determine root cause in order to solve complex user issues through conversation design.
You have a proven ability to deal with ambiguity in a rapidly changing business environment.
You have experience with Forethought, Ada, or Liveperson, and using generative AI for support automation.

Nice to Haves:

Experience at a high-growth SaaS company
Experience with Zendesk Guide

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is 115,000 - 155,000 per year.
LI-Onsite
 