About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
Notion can be used for writing personal notes, making collaborative documents, publishing a wiki, for managing projects and more; its used by individual consumers, small teams, and large enterprises alike. Were looking for a product manager that will help us make Notions mobile apps functional, fast and fun to use.
What Youll Achieve:

Youll rethink the way Notion works on each of our mobile platforms — taking advantage of mobile-only, or tablet-only features
Youll improve our mobile and tablet apps, bringing them richer creation and collaboration experiences
Youll bring a ruthless focus to making our apps lightweight and lightning fast for our customers around the world
Youll guide the prioritization of work and help make resourcing and prioritization tradeoffs more generally.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

4 years of product management experience
You have a track record of working on high quality consumer mobile products
You have experience using both quantitative data (e.g., metrics, analytics) and qualitative data (e.g., user feedback) to inform product prioritization.
You collaborate well cross-functionally—especially with design, data and engineering
You have built, or are committed to building, diverse and inclusive product teams.

Nice to Haves:

You have a Computer Science background or equivalent technical experience.
Youve heard of computing pioneers like Ada Lovelace, Douglas Engelbart, Alan Kay, and others—and understand why were big fans of their work.
Youve worked in the product function of a startup and care a lot about shaping (and working in) a high-impact, collaborative organization.

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation made due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco and New York, the estimated base salary range for this role is 160,000 - 230,000 per year.
LI-Onsite
 