About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:

Onboard and expand our customer base through tailored Notion consultations, trainings, and assistant programs.
Manage a large portfolio of mid-market customers across multiple regions in EMEA.
Design and run at-scale outreach campaigns to key points of contact in order to assist with Notion adoption.
Work cross functionally with sales partners to ensure strong adoption of Notion.
Serve as our in-house product ambassador to up-level our customers workflows and help them get the most return of investment from Notion.
Identify and target strategic customers to engage with in order to drive up monthly active users and seat expansion.
Proactively identify customers who arent maximising their opportunity with Notion and reach out to create an action plan to help them achieve success.
Inform and influence our overall growth strategy.

What Youll Achieve:

Drive adoption and expansion for a product people love that solves real problems: Some of the worlds largest companies use Notion to run huge teams — but your friends and family can also use it to take notes, display photos, and more. Some non-profits even use it to conserve wildlife!
Help build the foundations of Customer Success at Notion: As an early member of our salessuccess team, youll be instrumental in helping define our sales assisted motions.
Serve as the customers trusted advisor and product expert: Youll host training, onboarding, and working sessions to educate our customers and dig deep into new use cases of Notion.
Meaningfully shape our future product: As you engage with customers, youll gain insights to help us serve them better — and work with product to inform what we do next.
Elevate your skills as we tackle our most impactful challenges: Weve achieved more than teams 10x our size in less time — and theres so much more to do and learn.

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

5 years experience at a fast growing software company
You have a track record of success in your current Customer Success or Account Management
Experience of managing a large volume of accounts
Strong intrinsic motivation to be a top performer and contribute to a team
You have a growth mindset and thrive in the building stage of a nascent team
Youre motivated by seeing others succeed and grow when you partner with them
Youre highly adaptable, easily acclimating to a rapidly changing business and industry
You love getting to know new people and helping them solve their business problems
EN language  and additional European language is a bonus

Nice to Haves:

Youve built Customer Success playbooks or processes
You have experience in scaled program management, or building campaigns in Outreach
You have experience using Notion
You are curious about data and insights, and have used Salesforce and Gainsight before
Youve been a first or early hire at a fast growing start up before
Youve got strong technical chops

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, colour, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
 
LI-Onsite
