About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
Notions Creative Studio is a small team of designers, illustrators, and filmmakers serving creative needs across the company. Were looking for a seasoned, creatively-excellent, operationally-savvy, empathetic Brand Design Lead to scale our talented Brand Design team. Youll be responsible for leading the Brand Design team and will be reporting to Notions Head of Creative. Youll be responsible for the overall design output, holding the highest bar on quality, high-level creative direction, managing projects end-to-end, measuring success, and evangelizing the teams work internally and externally.
What youll achieve:
As a leader, you will substantially craft the vision and the next chapter of our brand design system while leading and growing an inclusive, rigorous design culture, supporting a small interdisciplinary team and collaborating with partners across the business to scale our efforts while maintaining the highest standards of quality. Projects will span advertising and marketing collateral across the company, talent brand, external and internal comms, and more, working cross-functionally with teams across Notion.
Skills Youll Need to Bring:

Proven leader who inspires teams to do their best work
Highest bar for quality of design
10 years experience with 2 years managing a team
Excels at working with creative talent and all kinds of creative formats, from design to film, including contractors, agencies, and other specialists
Pacesetter who motivates others with mentorship, commitment, and optimism
Lead and grow a team to execute on cross-team andor multi-phase projects from design through implementation
Empathetic and collaborative cross-functional partner
Highly organized and thrives making ambiguity more tractable, actionable, and desirable

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in New York, the estimated base salary range for this role is 185,000 - 220,000 per year.
LI-Onsite