About Us:
Were on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us cant build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
Weve been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, were growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. Were passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
Notion is an in person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays  Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
About The Role:
As a Business Systems Analyst - GTM Systems, you will be one of the foundational members of the Business Technology team and influential in building Notions GTM tech stack. You will be responsible for analyzing business processes, identifying areas for improvement, designing and implementing solutions to unlock Sales and Marketing Operations. Your knowledge of Sales and Marketing processes will be instrumental in implementing critical systems to unlock our business goals.
What Youll Achieve:

Own implementation, integration, and ongoing maintenance of Sales and Marketing systems and tools
Independently drive projects, including requirements, analysis, design, implementation, thoroughly testing solutions, ensuring successful project completion, launch, and maintenance
Critically evaluate system inefficiencies, drive fit-gap assessments, and provide recommendations for tooling and solutions that can scale with the growing needs of the business
Analyze and address any systems issues or integrated data issues
Understand sales and marketing processes to identify areas for improvements
Drive enhancements and tasksbug fixes and offer technical support within GTM systems and processes
Stay current with the latest trends and best practices in Sales and Marketing technology

Skills Youll Need to Bring:

7 years of experience
Our GTM technology stack uses Salesforce, Marketo architecture, and integrations with other SaaS applications such as tools for Lead Routing, 3rd party enrichment tools (such as Clearbit, Zoominfo). Youve used these tools and built integrations with these or similar ones and can learn as you go
You have a certification in Marketo and Salesforce Administration
You have a good understanding of Sales and Marketing functional processes such as demand generation, data enrichment, data hygiene, lead scoring, lifecycle management, lead routing
You display a strong bias for design and analytical thinking, and proactively identify the problems to solve and right solutions based on
Youve excellent communication skills and enjoy partnering with business stakeholders (such as Sales, Marketing, Data Science, Data Engineering) on functional processes and data challenges, and deliver quick, optimal system solutions and external vendors for managing SaaS tools
You own project delivery and management for the projects you drive and own. Youre excited to collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders efficiently, and use appropriate communication channels to address and communicate blockers and updates
Youre excited to work on complex systems and wear your analytical and problem-solving hat for data analysis, technical configuration and build, and troubleshooting skills
You value bias for action: and are willing to prioritize and act on high-priority tasks, juggle multiple projects and tasks at one time
Youre excited to grasp new concepts, see the big picture across the tech stack and connect the dots quickly, and eager to learn new tools and processes

Nice to Haves:

Can code and experience in software development methodologies

We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If youre excited about a role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If youre a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the roles scope and complexity, and the candidates experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco, the estimated base salary range for this role is 160,000 - 180,000 per year.
LI-Onsite
