About Us
Nu was born in 2013 with the mission to fight complexity to empower people in their daily lives by reinventing financial services. We are one of the worlds largest digital banking platforms, serving millions of customers across Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia. For more information, visit our institutional page https:international.nubank.com.brcareers 
 
About the role
As Analytics Engineers at Nubank, we are the bridge between the business needs and the data platform. We make data available to the entire company, always thinking about the best modeling, governance and performance. In addition, we share best practices and create new tools so that everyone who consumes the data can work in a more organized, efficient and secure way.
We have some links to help you better understand our Analytics Engineers team: Data Analysts are now called Analytics Engineers,  How is the selection process for Analytics Engineers at Nubank
 

You will be responsible for


Create data pipelines integrating a wide range of sources to drive business functions and products
Constantly refining the data platform to enable a broader set of data applications such as streaming systems 
Improve user-experience and platform predictability through work on monitoring and system reliability
Work with backend microservices in functional programming languages
Create intuitive visualizations for monitoring live streaming data sets
Triage bugs and exceptions reported in production
Conduct system loadstress tests

 
We are looking for a person who has
We are looking for Engineers that are intellectually curious, enthusiastic, versatile, eager to learn, with a track record of creating efficient, scalable and accessible solutions, preferably in the domain of data infrastructure and tooling. You will have a meaningful chance to shape architecture, process, and culture while working with leading edge technologies. We believe in cultivating good inter and intra team chemistry, enthusiasm for building things, and exercising the amazing capacity to learn new things when we stay humble and open-minded. English language skills are essential.
Desired skills and experience

2-3 years of experience as Data Engineer andor Analytics Engineer
Strong experience querying data with SQL and Python or Scala
Data platform skills
Fluent English

 
Local Benefits

Opportunity of earning equity at Nu
Health and life insurance
Vacations of 20 calendar days
NuLanguage - Our language learning program
NuCare - Our mental health and wellness assistance program

 
Our Nu Way of Working
Our work model is hybrid, and our roles based in Uruguay should be 3 days per week at the office. 
 
Diversity  Inclusion
At Nu, we want to be sure that were building a more diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects the customers we serve and seek to empower. Thats why we hire based on equality. We consider gender, ethnicity, race, religion, sexual orientation, and other identity markers as enriching elements to our company while ensuring neither of them represent a barrier when recruiting fantastic talent.