About Us
Nu was born in 2013 with the mission to fight complexity to empower people in their daily lives by reinventing financial services. We are one of the worlds largest digital banking platforms, serving millions of customers across Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia. For more information, visit our institutional page https:international.nubank.com.brcareers
 
Our Compliance team
The Compliance Team has a very special role in our mission: support the companys growth by identifying the Compliance risks that NU faces; designing and implementing controls to protect Nu from such risks; and by providing advisory to the Business on regulations and internal policies to create the best product or service that follows with these external and internal standards. 
What is Compliance Risk? Is the exposure to legal penalties (sanctions or fines), financial loss, reputation or image damage that Nu faces when it fails to act in accordance with laws and regulations, internal policies or prescribed best practices.
 
Responsibilities assigned to you might be related to:

Research regulations and project management for its implementation (CUB, CUSOFIPO). 


Project management related to new regulations and licensing processes especially the ones related to Fintech and CUB.


Lead efforts towards new financial licenses


Align requirements towards new financial licenses.


Include AML scope within new licensing projects.


Keep other teams abreast of requirements by researching regulatory and filing information; writing and communicating guidelines.


Provide advisory to other teams about the regulation to establish new processes or controls.


Attention to authorities (oficios)


Prepare reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information.


Liaise and work closely with various teams to enhance systems and processes related to Compliance 


Monitor and respond to inquiries received from Regulators, Auto Regulatory bodies or Auditors


Support in regulatory reviews.
Support in identifying regulatory gaps and address til closure.

 
We believe in 

Entrepreneurship spirit;


Exceptional team chemistry;

 
How We Work

You act like you own the company where you work


You are enthusiastic about building partnership with other teams


You are willing to go the extra mile and getting involved in many areas


You challenge the status quo


You thrive in dynamic, fast-paced, results-oriented teams
You are hungry and enjoy being constantly challenged to learn and do more

 
Requirements

7 years or above experience in regulatory compliance,  AML or regulatory areas for banks, SOFIPO andor fintech.


Proven experience in filing and obtention of financial licenses such as fintech or bank and project management for that.
Experience with CNBV AML  regulatory requirements for Financial Institutions.
Ability to conduct regulatory advisory and law interpretation by providing consultation to business areas as well as internal clients.


The ability to identify and define problems, build project plans to address them, and manage implementation of their solutions.


An ambitious sense of curiosity and a willingness to explore areas outside of your comfort zone, like new markets or new product types.


Ability to tackle complex problems involving several topicsvariables, such as business, regulatory, finance and product.


Ability to work and lead through influence multidisciplinary teams (product, software engineering, data science, analysts and customer service).


Self-starter and ability to work independently.


Great team player, communication (written and verbal) and listening skills.


Fluency in both English and Spanish.

 
Our Benefits 

Chance of earning equity at Nubank
Extended maternity and paternity leaves 
Health and life insurance 
NuCare - Our mental health and wellness assistance program
Nucleo - Our learning platform of courses
NuLanguage - Our language learning program
Holiday Bonus (Aguinaldo) of 30 days of pay per year
17 days of paid vacation with 25 vacation bonus
Gym partnership

 
The position is based in CDMX. 
Our Nu Way of Working 
Our work model is hybrid and has cycles that can be from two to three months according to the business of expertise. For every eight or twelve weeks of remote work, one will be at the office. Check more information here.
 
Diversity  Inclusion
At Nu, we want to be sure that were building a more diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects the customers we serve and seek to empower. Thats why we hire based on equality. We consider gender, ethnicity, race, religion, sexual orientation, and other identity markers as enriching elements to our company while ensuring neither of them represent a barrier when recruiting fantastic talent.