About Nubank
Nubank was founded in 2013 to free people from a bureaucratic, slow and inefficient financial system. Since then, through innovative technology and outstanding customer service, the company has been redefining peoples relationships with money across Latin America. With operations in Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia, Nubank is today one of the largest digital banking platforms and technology-leading companies in the world.
Today, Nubank is a global company, with offices in So Paulo (Brazil), Mexico City (Mexico), Buenos Aires (Argentina), Bogot (Colombia), Durham (United States), and Berlin (Germany). It was founded in 2013 in Sao Paulo, by Colombian David Vlez, and cofounded by Brazilian Cristina Junqueira and American Edward Wible. For more information, visit www.nu.com.mx.
About the role
The IC5 (a) is a The Operational Risk Sr Analyst who plays a critical role in the operational risk management function at Nu Mexico. Their primary responsibility is to identify, assess, monitor, and mitigate operational risks that could impact the achievement of the companys objectives. This role involves close collaboration with different departments and teams to execute various Operational Risk programs aimed at reducing and controlling the likelihood and impact of adverse operational risk events.
What you will do:

Oversee the implementation of operational risk policies, technology, tools, and governance processes. 
Identify challenges and develop solutions to drive continuous process improvements; and incorporate best practices and innovative solutions into the operational risk framework.
Assess risks and take proactive actions to address the root causes that lead to operational risk losses. 
Closely monitor loss events and incidents related to operational risks.
Provide guidance and support to front-line business units and functions. 
Prepare reports and presentations tailored to various audiences, including board and management risk committees and senior leadership.
Operate with limited direct supervision and exercise independence of judgment and autonomy. 
As a subject matter expert (SME), you will collaborate closely with senior stakeholders and other team members to drive effective risk management practices.

Main requirements: 

Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Industrial Engineer, Risk Management or related field.
Minimum of 3 years experience in operational risk management, internal audit or compliance. 
Strong knowledge of the operational risk management framework.
Excellent analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively with cross-functional teams 
Experience with regulatory compliance and corporate governance standards.
Strong knowledge of Control Testing and Monitorings throughout substantive testings and Key Risk Indicators (KRIs).
Experience with Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) systems.
Fluent in English.

Core Benefits

Equity at Nubank
Health and life insurance 
Food card
17 days of paid vacation
Holiday Bonus (Aguinaldo) of 30 days of pay per year
NuCare - Our mental health and wellness assistance program
NuLanguage - Our language learning program
Extended maternity and paternity leaves 

Role Location
Mexico City, Mexico.
Interviewing and onboarding are currently done virtually due to COVID-19. Everyone new to the team and our current staff will remain working from home until it is safe to return to our offices. When its time, we will require a fixed cadence of visiting the office in which employees go to their Business Units (BU) base location. Employees will have an employment contract based on the cities that Nus offices are located, considering their country of hire. More details can be shared during your hiring process.
Diversity  Inclusion
At Nubank, we want to be sure that were building a more diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects the customers we serve and seek to empower. Thats why we hire based on equality. We consider gender, ethnicity, race, religion, sexual orientation, and other identity markers as enriching elements to our company while ensuring neither of them represent a barrier when recruiting fantastic talent.