About Us
Nu was born in 2013 with the mission to fight complexity to empower people in their daily lives by reinventing financial services. We are one of the worlds largest digital banking platforms, serving millions of customers across Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia. For more information, visit our institutional page https:international.nubank.com.brcareers
 
Our Customer Excellence team
Nu Colombia has arrived, and well soon start growing our already amazing team, and we are always looking for the most innovative and creative professionals out there. If you are tired of bumping into the same solutions for old problems, we might as well be the next step of your career.
We are building a community of fanatical customers, and we do that by providing outstanding customer experience to everyone. Everything we do has our clients in the center of it - from the way we design our products to how we handle every customer interaction. We are building meaningful relationships with each of our clients, and thats why millions of Latin Americans love us.
You can read more about it in our blog and get some insights into how we work.
 
As a Customer Excellence Junior Analyst, youre expected to:

Provide support to our customers answering chats, emails and calls
Empower our customers by making sure they know our apps features
Analyze customers application data and documents submitted
Collect feedback and suggestions from customers and prospects
Triage and treat potential bugs and operational issues affecting customers
Track claims on our chargeback process
Call customers to confirm information needed on potential fraud cases
Reach out to late customers to explain payment plans
Identify opportunities to improve our internal processes and share with leaders

 
Were looking for people who are:

Studying or have a professional degree
Spanish speakers and have intermediateadvanced knowledge of English
Passionate about Customer Service and technology
Active users of social media
Great people skills - good listeners, and enjoy engaging in discussions with people from different backgrounds and are willing to go beyond and enchant customers
Able to give and receive constructive feedback from a customer service point of view
Creative problem solver 
Data-driven, analytical and multi-tasking skills
Very attentive to details
Able to develop rapport  demonstrate a caring attitude

 
Our Benefits

Chance of earning equity at Nubank
Extended maternity and paternity leaves 
Health and life insurance 
NuCare - Our mental health and wellness assistance program
Nucleo - Our learning platform of courses
NuLanguage - Our language learning program
Vacations of 15 workdays
Gym partnership

 
Our Nu Way of Working 
Our work model is hybrid and has cycles that can be from two to three months according to the business of expertise. For every eight or twelve weeks of remote work, one will be at the office. Check more information here.
 
Diversity  Inclusion
At Nu, we want to be sure that were building a more diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects the customers we serve and seek to empower. Thats why we hire based on equality. We consider gender, ethnicity, race, religion, sexual orientation, and other identity markers as enriching elements to our company while ensuring neither of them represent a barrier when recruiting fantastic talent.
 