About Us
Nu was born in 2013 with the mission to fight complexity to empower people in their daily lives by reinventing financial services. We are one of the worlds largest digital banking platforms, serving millions of customers across Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia. For more information, visit our institutional page https:international.nubank.com.brcareers
 
About the role
 

Analyze escalated cases derived from the transactional alerts generated by the AML transaction monitoring system, to identify suspicious situations to determine if cases need to be presented before the CCC.
Support in the AML regulatory reporting before CNBV.
In charge of the AML  diffusion program.
Creation of AML policies and procedures.
Support in internal, external and global AML audits.
Advisory on AML topics related to digital onboarding and controls.
Analysis of new products and features from the AML perspective..

How We Work

You act like you own the company where you work
You are enthusiastic about building partnership with other teams
You are willing to go the extra mile and getting involved in many areas
You challenge the status quo
You thrive in dynamic, fast-paced, results-oriented teams
You are hungry and enjoy being constantly challenged to learn and do more

 
Basic Qualifications

Professional in law, administration, finance, Economic Sciences  or related.
3 to 5  years experience in monitoring transactional AML alerts and-or in compliance areas in processes related to transactional monitoring; training and regulatory advisory for AML.
Knowledge of sanctions and KYC processes related to AML.
Investigation related to AML and network analysis
Has autonomy to make decisions that impact customers and Nu based on AML policies;
Knows the specific regulations of the area and have the responsibility to apply them in their routine;

Preferred Qualification

Attention to details and organization;
CNBV certification is a plus
Banking aml investigation.
Ability to make quick strategic decisions, considering the whole context and analyzing possible risks to the business; 
Knowledge in Excel, Sheets, Looker, and Databricks is desirable;
Fluency in both English and Spanish;

Our Benefits 

Chance of earning equity at Nubank
Extended maternity and paternity leaves 
Health and life insurance 
NuCare - Our mental health and wellness assistance program
Nucleo - Our learning platform of courses
NuLanguage - Our language learning program
Holiday Bonus (Aguinaldo) of 30 days of pay per year
17 days of paid vacation with 25 vacation bonus
Gym partnership

 
The position is based in CDMX. 
Our Nu Way of Working 
Our work model is hybrid and has cycles that can be from two to three months according to the business of expertise. For every eight or twelve weeks of remote work, one will be at the office. Check more information here.
 
Diversity  Inclusion
At Nu, we want to be sure that were building a more diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects the customers we serve and seek to empower. Thats why we hire based on equality. We consider gender, ethnicity, race, religion, sexual orientation, and other identity markers as enriching elements to our company while ensuring neither of them represent a barrier when recruiting fantastic talent.