About NuNu was born in 2013 with the mission to fight complexity to empower people in their daily lives by reinventing financial services. We are one of the worlds largest digital banking platforms, serving millions of customers across Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia. For more information, visit our institutional page https:international.nubank.com.brcareers
 
Our Product Management Team
At Nu, Product Leaders are key players in building great products and delivering them to our customers. They are accountable for leading Nus Product teams and defining strategy in the long term. Among the key stakeholders, you may find developers, designers, customer service, business analysts, data scientists, etc. They are also responsible for the speed and quality of the teams decisions in order to maximize impact.
As a Product Lead, youll be expected to:

Build or scale up one or more product teams, providing inspirational leadership that raises the entire companys profile and position in the marketplace. 
Foster a culture of teamwork, feedback, and continuous improvement.
Conduct effective 1:1s, team meetings, and rituals.
Help the creation of product strategy roadmap that serves Nu immediate, mid-term, and long-term.
Align stakeholders around the teams goals and define success factors that will build a world-class product management discipline at Nu. 
Work closely and collaboratively with other members of Nus leadership team - especially Engineering, Business Analyst, Data Science, and Design. Be a true partner with them, and focus on common goals and the business mission.


Ensure we are building robust technical foundations that will allow our company to scale efficiently - in number of users, number of products, number of countries, etc.
Stay up to date in the complex domains of finance and tech innovation, helping the team understand where the company and the market is going.
Serve as an exemplary leader in a young growing company. Help to shape a culture that values bold thinking, collaboration and teamwork, challenging one another with unwavering respect and delivering great results.

Given this, You will be successful if you are able to thrive on these aspects:

Vision - Set the vision for the product, understanding how it connects to company objectives
Customer Focus - Deep dive in user behavior by talking to real customers, analyzing data and seeing the products used in the real world
Prioritization - Help our teams prioritize features based on customer needs, engineering complexity, and the most relevant business outcomes
Structured thinking - Ability to grasp problems of varying levels of complexity and reduce them down to their essentials
Execution - Understand the problems we are trying to solve and work closely with engineers, designers, data scientists, and other functions to define, iterate and ship an awesome sustainable product
Communication - Build constructive relationships, communicate effectively with internal and external stakeholders, and have a great time doing it

 
Preferred Qualifications

Previous hands-on experience as a Product Manager, understanding the entire product life-cycle of successful tech products.
Solid experience leading Product Managers, having exposure to performance assessment, hiring, supporting career growth, etc
Ability to build strong relationships across distinct stakeholders and be a great communicator. 
Comfortable working with numbers and making decisions based on data. You should employ a data-driven product approach and prioritize impact over everything else. 
Great willingness to learn and adapt to a high-paced environment.
Good understanding of the software development lifecycle.
Fluent in English.
Experience working with customer-facing products (the ones directly related to the final customer) would be a plus.

Benefits

Chance of earning equity at Nu
Extended maternity and paternity leaves
Health and life insurance
NuCare - Our mental health and wellness assistance program
Nucleo - Our learning platform of courses
NuLanguage - Our language learning program
Holiday Bonus (Aguinaldo) of 30 days of pay per year
17 days of paid vacation with 25 vacation bonus
Gym partnership

 
The position is based in CDMX
 
Our Nu Way of Working Our work model is hybrid and has cycles that can be from two to three months according to the business of expertise. For every eight or twelve weeks of remote work, one will be at the office. Check more information here.
 
Diversity  InclusionAt Nu, we want to be sure that were building a more diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects the customers we serve and seek to empower. Thats why we hire based on equality. We consider gender, ethnicity, race, religion, sexual orientation, and other identity markers as enriching elements to our company while ensuring neither of them represent a barrier when recruiting fantastic talent.