About UsNu was born in 2013 with the mission to fight complexity to empower people in their daily lives by reinventing financial services. We are one of the worlds largest digital banking platforms, serving millions of customers across Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia. For more information, visit our institutional page https:international.nubank.com.brcareers
 
About The TeamAs Nu continues its global expansion and continues innovating, the internal controls landscape becomes increasingly complex. Nu has developed a strong Risk structure, which supports and guides the business in delivering on their current objectives. To protect the company, we created a new domain within the Product Chapter: the Business Control Office.
 
About the role
The BCO will use their business and risk knowledge coupled to a hands-on approach. They will both support and own some of the risk activities needed in the business. They will also work with the teams to mitigate identified risks accordingly while establishing themselves as the subject matter expert within the assigned Business area. 
 
As BCO you will:

Supportcoordinate the business in managing and fulfilling its First Line Risk Management activities
Proactively identify risk areas and tackle relevant remediation activities
Create appropriate governance to facilitate the implementation, execution and monitoring of controls
Define and rate the risk environment 
Challenge the design and implementation of controls, implement and own relevant new controls
Create appropriate reports for the leadership team to understand the full spectrum of risks
Add a risk lens to strategy and product development
Drive and complete documentation activities to minimize single point sensitivities 
Conduct process mapping
Coordinate audit and inspections actions and reviewchallenge both audit and the business


Qualifications:

High level of Independence
Hands-on and take ownership where possible
Great communication skills (concise and clear) English and Spanish
Product andor Risk knowledge
Strong knowledge and experience with the Mexico Sofipo regulatory environment
Ability to build strong relationships with all levels of the organization
Quick learner
Wants to improve and challenge the status quo
Ability to challenge  prioritize

 
It will be a differential if you..

Have previous experience in Compliance  AML or Legal 
Have previous experience in Consulting
Have Bachelors Degree, preferably in Law, or related.
Have knowledge in CNBV regulation
Can easily turn numbers into complex strategies and effective actions

 
Our Benefits

Chance of earning equity at Nu
Extended maternity and paternity leaves
Health and life insurance
NuCare - Our mental health and wellness assistance program
Nucleo - Our learning platform of courses
NuLanguage - Our language learning program
Holiday Bonus (Aguinaldo) of 30 days of pay per year
17 days of paid vacation with 25 vacation bonus
Gym partnership

 
Our Nu Way of WorkingOur work model is hybrid and has cycles that can be from two to three months according to the business of expertise. For every eight or twelve weeks of remote work, one will be at the office (Mexico City, Mexico). Diversity  InclusionAt Nu, we want to be sure that were building a more diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects the customers we serve and seek to empower. Thats why we hire based on equality. We consider gender, ethnicity, race, religion, sexual orientation, and other identity markers as enriching elements to our company while ensuring neither of them represent a barrier when recruiting fantastic talent.