About Us
Nu was born in 2013 with the mission to fight complexity to empower people in their daily lives by reinventing financial services. We are one of the worlds largest digital banking platforms, serving millions of customers across Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia. For more information, visit our institutional page https:international.nubank.com.brcareers
 
Engineering at Nubank
We strive for state-of-the-art software development practices, that currently includes a variety of technologies. While we value candidates that are familiar with them, we are also confident that software engineers who are interested in joining Nubank will be able to learn from our team.

Horizontally scalable microservices written mostly in Clojure, using Finagle and leveraging upon functional programming techniques and hexagonal architecture
High throughput jobs and inter-service communication using Kafka
Continuous Integration and Deployment into AWS
Storing data in Datomic and DynamoDB
Monitoring and observability with Prometheus
Running as much as possible in Kubernetes

We are a process-light organization that values human interactions. We value working in small, independent teams that feel like small startups within the company, and eschew coupling and centralizing where realistic. We understand that execution is the key to success and optimize processes to remove bottlenecks.
You can read more about it in our blog and get some insights into how we work.

 
You will be responsible for

Lead a software engineers team being a technical expert focused on architecture and software development
Work with large scale distributed systems, understanding their broad architecture
Plan and execute on entire features, collaborating with peers while planning the work ahead, and seeing it through
Collaborate with building microservices and work with continuous delivery and infrastructure as code
Work with agile software development methodologies
Write, test, instrument, document, and maintain code
Pair, and participate in code reviews, to grow and contribute to the growth of others in and around the team
Collaborate closely with Product, Design, and partner Engineering teams to build new experiences
Participate in on-call rotations for your team and respond to incidents as necessary
Work focused on backend applications, and be open to contribute to mobile and frontend development, according to business needs.

 
We are looking for a person who has:

Experience with large scale distributed systems
Lead development and architecture teams from a technical side
Solid knowledge defining different architecture patterns and designs
Have practical knowledge of agile software development methodologies
Work with continuous delivery and infrastructure as code
Work focused on backend applications
Work and define architectures and doing trade offs between solutions
Proven track experience building digital products 
Ability to quickly understand technical and business requirements, translating them into technical design and implementation
A problem-solver who is able to communicate effectively across functional teams
A engineer who cares deeply about user experience and likes to take part in hiring, onboarding, mentoring, and training
Proven understanding of object-oriented or functional programming language 
Have worked in teams defining asynchronous integrations using event-driven architectures
Solid experience with cloud technologies

 
Our Benefits

Chance of earning equity at Nubank
Extended maternity and paternity leaves 
Health and life insurance 
NuCare - Our mental health and wellness assistance program
Nucleo - Our learning platform of courses
NuLanguage - Our language learning program
Holiday Bonus (Aguinaldo) of 30 days of pay per year
17 days of paid vacation with 25 vacation bonus
Gym partnership

 
Role Location
Mexico City, Mexico.
Our Nu Way of Working 
Our work model is hybrid and has cycles that can be from two to three months according to the business of expertise. For every eight or twelve weeks of remote work, one will be at the office. Check more information here.
 
Diversity  Inclusion
At Nu, we want to be sure that were building a more diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects the customers we serve and seek to empower. Thats why we hire based on equality. We consider gender, ethnicity, race, religion, sexual orientation, and other identity markers as enriching elements to our company while ensuring neither of them represent a barrier when recruiting fantastic talent.
 