About Us
Nu was born in 2013 with the mission to fight complexity to empower people in their daily lives by reinventing financial services. We are one of the worlds largest digital banking platforms, serving millions of customers across Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia. For more information, visit our institutional page https:international.nubank.com.brcareers
 
About the team
Our  team breaks the status quo by facing challenges from the perspective of technological innovation as a tool to automate and make our processes run more efficiently. Our goal is to build a strong and diverse team that looks to create something worthwhile. And has at its core values to pursue smart efficiency, this comes hand in hand with our drive to remain as a strategic partner for all cross chapters teams within NU Mexico.
How We Work

We are owners
We thrive in dynamic, fast-paced, and results-oriented teams
We have a dream to use data and analytics to change the world
We are hungry and enjoy being constantly challenged to learn and do more
We embrace conflicting ideas and like to question the status quo
We work hard, with integrity and putting the team first

As a Cash Management Analyst, youre expected to:

Daily Cash visibility.
Manage all the treasury operations of the company. 
Validate the daily bank statements uploaded into SAP.
Bank maintenance lines have already opened.
Cash accounting reconciliations.
Internal and external audit response. 
Project future Cash Flows.
Support the accounting team during the monthly close process.
Custody assets knowledge. 
Strong leadership and communication skills.
Strong teamwork skills

 
Requirements

Bachelors degree in Finance, Accounting, or Economics
Knowledge of international and local accounting principles (IFRSNIF)
Minimum 4 years of experience in a similar job position
Desirable: experience working in treasury and accounting teams in financial institutions 
Desirable: SAP and CONCUR knowledge
Desirable: experience implementing and using vendors portals
Fluent in Spanish and English

The position is based in Mexico City
Our Benefits 

Chance of earning equity at Nubank
Extended maternity and paternity leaves 
Health and life insurance 
NuCare - Our mental health and wellness assistance program
Nucleo - Our learning platform of courses
NuLanguage - Our language learning program
Holiday Bonus (Aguinaldo) of 30 days of pay per year
17 days of paid vacation with 25 vacation bonus
Gym partnership

 
The position is based in CDMX. 
Our Nu Way of Working 
Our work model is hybrid and has cycles that can be from two to three months according to the business of expertise. For every eight or twelve weeks of remote work, one will be at the office. Check more information here.
 
Diversity  Inclusion
At Nu, we want to be sure that were building a more diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects the customers we serve and seek to empower. Thats why we hire based on equality. We consider gender, ethnicity, race, religion, sexual orientation, and other identity markers as enriching elements to our company while ensuring neither of them represent a barrier when recruiting fantastic talent.