About Nu
Nu was born in 2013 with the mission to fight complexity to empower people in their daily lives by reinventing financial services. We are one of the worlds largest digital banking platforms, serving millions of customers across Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia. For more information, visit our institutional page https:international.nubank.com.brcareers 
 
About the role
As Analytics Engineers at Nubank, we are the bridge between the business needs and the data platform. We make data available to the entire company, always thinking about the best modeling, governance and performance. In addition, we share best practices and create new tools so that everyone who consumes the data can work in a more organized, efficient and secure way.
We have some links to help you better understand our Analytics Engineers team: Data Analysts are now called Analytics Engineers,  How is the selection process for Analytics Engineers at Nubank
 
You will be responsible for

Lead data projects from requirements mapping to database modeling and delivery;
Contribute to the design, documentation, maintenance, monitoring and optimization of our code, and data tools;
Identify opportunities for improvement in our ETLELT platform.
Translate business needs into solutions aligned with data platform tools and strategies;
Negotiate a data strategy with stakeholders that can deliver a great impact;
Act in mentoring team members and data literacy at Nubank.

We are looking for a person who has

Be passionate about data;
Be able to write queries in SQL to solve highly complex problems in an optimized way;
Experience in implementing and maintaining data pipelines;
Understanding of software engineering good practices (eg Documentation, automated tests, clean code, etc);
Programming experience with general-purpose languages (Scala is a MUST)
Knowledge of different database modeling and architecture techniques for analytical purposes (e.g. Data Mart, Data Lake, Data Warehouse etc.)
Knowledge about distributed data systems and parallel processing;
Ability to abstract business concepts into quantitative metrics (e.g.. KPIs, OKRs etc.)
Good communication skills in dealing with stakeholders from technical and business areas;
Knowledge in data visualization tools such as Looker, Power BI,Tableau, etc.
Advanced English

 
Local Benefits

Chance of earning equity at Nubank
Extended maternity and paternity leaves
Health and life insurance
NuCare - Our mental health and wellness assistance program
Nucleo - Our learning platform of courses
NuLanguage - Our language learning program
Vacations of 15 workdays
Gym partnership

 
Our Nu Way of Working
Our work model is hybrid and has cycles that can be from two to three months according to the business of expertise. For every eight or twelve weeks of remote work, one will be at the office.Know more in this blog: Colombia
 
Diversity  Inclusion
At Nu, we want to be sure that were building a more diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects the customers we serve and seek to empower. Thats why we hire based on equality. We consider gender, ethnicity, race, religion, sexual orientation, and other identity markers as enriching elements to our company while ensuring neither of them represent a barrier when recruiting fantastic talent.