About Us
Nu was born in 2013 with the mission to fight complexity to empower people in their daily lives by reinventing financial services. We are one of the worlds largest digital banking platforms, serving millions of customers across Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia. For more information, visit our institutional page https:international.nubank.com.brcareers
 
About the team  Engineering in NuBank
We strive for state-of-the-art software development practices that currently include a variety of technologies. While we value candidates that are familiar with them, we are also confident that software engineers who are interested in joining Nubank will be able to learn from our team.

Horizontally scalable microservices written mostly in Clojure, using Finagle and leveraging upon functional programming techniques and hexagonal architecture
High throughput jobs and inter-service communication using Kafka
Continuous Integration and Deployment into AWS
Storing data in Datomic and DynamoDB
Monitoring and observability with Prometheus
Running as much as possible in Kubernetes

We are a process-light organization that values human interactions. We value working in small, independent teams that feel like small startups within the company, and eschew coupling and centralizing where realistic. We understand that execution is the key to success and optimize processes to remove bottlenecks.
You can read more about it in our engineering blog and get some insights into how we work.
 
As a Software Engineer, youre expected to 

Be willing to learn and work with Flutter and Clojure
Collaborate with software design, development and evolution
Have practical knowledge of agile software development methodologies
Work with continuous delivery and infrastructure as code
Have great testing skills (mostly unit tests and integration tests; knowledge in testing frameworks is a plus)
To have knowledge in multi-threaded application development and memory management and performance tuning
To care about detail

You will have a meaningful chance to shape architecture, process, and culture while working with bleeding edge technologies.
We believe in good team chemistry, enthusiasm for building things, and the (often surprising) capacity to learn new things when we stay humble and open-minded.
Basic Qualifications and Preferred Qualifications

Flutter Skills and experience teaching others 
Understanding of flutter ecosystem 
Understanding of state management 
OOP Knowledge and good practices 
Knowledge of SOLID principles 
Intermediate testing skills (mostly unit test, integration testing and testing framework)
Knowledge working with IOS  Android  development and memory management
Experience with continuous delivery and infrastructure as a code
Intermediate to advanced english level 
Knowledge of agile methodologies 

 
Our Benefits 

Chance of earning equity at Nubank
Extended maternity and paternity leaves 
Health and life insurance 
NuCare - Our mental health and wellness assistance program
Nucleo - Our learning platform of courses
NuLanguage - Our language learning program
Holiday Bonus (Aguinaldo) of 30 days of pay per year
17 days of paid vacation with 25 vacation bonus
Gym partnership

 
Our Nu Way of Working 
Our work model is hybrid and has cycles that can be from two to three months according to the business of expertise. For every eight or twelve weeks of remote work, one will be at the office. Check more information here.
 
Diversity  Inclusion
At Nu, we want to be sure that were building a more diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects the customers we serve and seek to empower. Thats why we hire based on equality. We consider gender, ethnicity, race, religion, sexual orientation, and other identity markers as enriching elements to our company while ensuring neither of them represent a barrier when recruiting fantastic talent.