About Us
Nu was born in 2013 with the mission to fight complexity to empower people in their daily lives by reinventing financial services. We are one of the worlds largest digital banking platforms, serving millions of customers across Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia. For more information, visit our institutional page https:international.nubank.com.brcareers
 
Engineering at Nubank
We strive for state-of-the-art software development practices, that currently includes a variety of technologies. While we value candidates that are familiar with them, we are also confident that software engineers who are interested in joining Nubank will be able to learn from our team.

Horizontally scalable microservices written mostly in Clojure, using Finagle and leveraging upon functional programming techniques and hexagonal architecture
High throughput jobs and inter-service communication using Kafka
Continuous Integration and Deployment into AWS
Storing data in Datomic and DynamoDB
Monitoring and observability with Prometheus
Running as much as possible in Kubernetes

We are a process-light organization that values human interactions. We value working in small, independent teams that feel like small startups within the company, and eschew coupling and centralizing where realistic. We understand that execution is the key to success and optimize processes to remove bottlenecks.
You can read more about it in our engineering blog and get some insights into how we work.
 
As a manager in Engineering, youll be expected to

Build or scale up one or more software engineering teams
Foster a culture of teamwork, feedback and continuous improvement
Conduct effective 1:1s, team meetings and rituals
Manage individual contributors, enabling them to be high performers and support others
Deliver distributed systems at scale
Align stakeholders around teams vision, goals, and metrics
Reason about software architecture design decisions
Look and implement improvements in the way we work and organize

 
Once here, you will

Coach and mentor engineers, supporting their growth and performance inside the teams they are part of 
Facilitate continuous improvement of teams processes
Ensure the team follows good development processes, is aligned internally and with stakeholders, and consistently delivers quality software
Ensure the team maintains a high level of operational excellence
Actively drive and improve recruitment
Foster psychological safety and facilitate conflict resolution and performance issues

 
We are looking for a professional who has

Solid experience leading Engineering teams, ideally with a background as a software engineer
Experience being accountable for people management, having exposure to performance assessment, hiring, supporting career growth, etc.
Experience leading agile teams, being familiar with the most relevant ceremonies, metrics and processes
A good level of technical understanding, being able to take part in architecture discussions with Engineers and to translate complex, technical projects and concepts for non-engineers.
Advanced level of English

 
Our Benefits

Chance of earning equity at Nubank
Extended maternity and paternity leaves
Health and life insurance
NuCare - Our mental health and wellness assistance program
Nucleo - Our learning platform of courses
NuLanguage - Our language learning program
Holiday Bonus (Aguinaldo) of 30 days of pay per year
17 days of paid vacation with 25 vacation bonus
Gym partnership

 
Our Nu Way of Working 
Our work model is hybrid and has cycles that can be from two to three months according to the business of expertise. For every eight or twelve weeks of remote work, one will be at the office. Check more information here.
 
Diversity  Inclusion
At Nu, we want to be sure that were building a more diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects the customers we serve and seek to empower. Thats why we hire based on equality. We consider gender, ethnicity, race, religion, sexual orientation, and other identity markers as enriching elements to our company while ensuring neither of them represent a barrier when recruiting fantastic talent.