About Us
Nu was born in 2013 with the mission to fight complexity to empower people in their daily lives by reinventing financial services. We are one of the worlds largest digital banking platforms, serving millions of customers across Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia. For more information, visit our institutional page https:international.nubank.com.brcareers
 
Engineering at Nubank
We strive for state-of-the-art software development practices, that currently includes a variety of technologies. While we value candidates that are familiar with them, we are also confident that software engineers who are interested in joining Nubank will be able to learn from our team.

Horizontally scalable microservices written mostly in Clojure, using Finagle and leveraging upon functional programming techniques and hexagonal architecture
High throughput jobs and inter-service communication using Kafka
Continuous Integration and Deployment into AWS
Storing data in Datomic and DynamoDB
Monitoring and observability with Prometheus
Running as much as possible in Kubernetes

 
We are a process-light organization that values human interactions. We value working in small, independent teams that feel like small startups within the company, and eschew coupling and centralizing where realistic. We understand that execution is the key to success and optimize processes to remove bottlenecks.
 
As a Software Engineer, youre expected to:

Work with large scale distributed systems
Collaborate with building microservices
Have practical knowledge of agile software development methodologies
Work with continuous delivery and infrastructure as code

Our Benefits

Chance of earning equity at Nubank
Food Meal Card (Vale-Refeio andor Vale Alimentao)
Public Transportation Commuting Benefit (Vale-Transporte)
NuCare  Psychological, Financial and Legal Assistance Program
Life Insurance
Medical Plan
Dental Plan
NuLanguage  Language Course Program
Nucleo - Our learning platform of courses
Extended Parental Leave
Daycare Allowance
Parental Consultancy
Work-from-home Allowance
Gym Partnerships
30 days of paid vacation

 
Our Nu Way of Working 
Our work model is hybrid and has cycles that can be from two to three months according to the business of expertise. For every eight or twelve weeks of remote work, one will be at the office. Check more information here.
 
Diversity  Inclusion
At Nu, we want to be sure that were building a more diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects the customers we serve and seek to empower. Thats why we hire based on equality. We consider gender, ethnicity, race, religion, sexual orientation, and other identity markers as enriching elements to our company while ensuring neither of them represent a barrier when recruiting fantastic talent.
 