Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.
The BillingAR AWS Team
The Billing AR AWS team is a new dynamic resolution-based group. With upstream and downstream impacts, the team builds relationships internal and external with critical business solutions for AWS.

 
The AR Manager - AWS Opportunity
Reporting to the Director, Credit, Billing and Collections, this role will own the AR processes for transactions sold on the AWS Marketplace (AWS MP). This role will serve as the critical liaison between AWS and Okta Finance. It will work closely with cross-functional stakeholders such as Revenue Operations, Deal Operations, and Technology Partnership teams. The right candidate will have a track record of demonstrating successful AR program management and execution including the ability to quickly understand technically deep topics, critical thinking, and successfully deliver on cross-functional and collaborative projects. This role will manage day-to-day AR and Billing operations related to AWS MP, including defining and documenting best practices. Candidate must be comfortable balancing strategic thinking with tactical, detailed execution while working independently, sorting through ambiguously defined problems, and identifying challenges and opportunities.
This role will be required to work in the US (Pacific Time) hours, which is 9:30pm-6:30am IST.
What youll be doing 

Own and manage collections related to AWS MP, including pursuing past due balances, research, analysis, and calling customers vendors to perform collection activities.
Manage and resolve AWS MP invoice discrepancies to ensure timely and accurate receivables.
Manage cash applications by tracing and reconciling data between bank deposits, AWS MP, Tackle.io, Salesforce, and NetSuite.
Maintain AWS MP Customer relationships by responding timely and accurately to internal (company) and external (customer directly) questions and requests for information.
Create and implement AWS MP standard operating procedures and process workflows for AR and Billing.
Prepare and distribute reports on AWS MP metrics and provide project status updates.
Drive process improvement activities, including assessment and analyses of processes, improvement recommendations, and establishment of controls
Serve as subject matter expert and point of contact across different teams to understand best practices for detecting root causes and main AWS MP Road blockers.
Design plans and processes that allow you to remove road blockers and provide solutions to lower AWS MP DBT.


What youll bring to the role

Experience with AWS Marketplace
Enterprise billingcollections management experience.
Strong analytical skills interpersonal skills — including written and oral communication skills
Proven ability to work successfully in an ambiguous environment.
Proven ability to meet tight deadlines and prioritize workload.
5 years experience in Shared Services Managing AR or Accounting, working specifically with the indirect channel, namely Resellers, Distributors, or other Partners.
5 years  progressive Financeaccounting management skills with the ability to dive deep into data to analyze performance and discover defects.
5 years - Change processes experience involving managing multiple teams.
3 years - Experience managing Order-to Cash andor Customer Service with a passion for customer advocacy.


And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following! 

AWS Marketplace
SFDC, Tackle
Data Management
Order Management
Deal Desk Deal Ops


 
LI-MT1
LI-Onsite
 What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 