Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.As a Senior Developer Support Engineer at Okta, your main focus is on ensuring customer issues are resolved. This is a customer-facing role, where you may participate in customer calls, join standup meetings, collaborate with peers, build or test use cases, engage with Engineering on potential bugs, and help your colleagues on issues where you have expertise. Your objective is to deliver exceptional technical support and troubleshooting to clients and partners, predominantly developers, utilizing the Okta platform while maintaining outstanding customer service.
You are a knowledgeable and articulate technical specialist who can recognize the difficulties faced by developers when integrating various services into unique apps. You are extremely passionate about assisting Oktas clients and partners in utilizing our scalable, secure identity platform. 
You will be in charge of offering technical assistance to our clients, including debugging and resolving sophisticated software issues, in your capacity as a Senior Developer Support Engineer. Also, you will collaborate directly with our product development peers to spot recurring problems, deal with them, and guarantee product quality.
Responsibilities:

Provide well-thought-out and reliable advice and troubleshooting for application development with Okta with existing and prospective customers, ISVs, and developers.
Take ownership of questions and issues, including initial troubleshooting, identification of root causes, and issue resolution.
Write codescript to build user scenarios using Okta API and SDKs, to reproduce issues.
Assist and educate developers integrating with Okta using OAuth, OpenID Connect, SCIM, and Oktas public APIs.
Collect information and document bugs with Engineering for API and product issues. 
Collaborate with cross-functional teams including Product and Documentation and provide feedback on common or emerging issues. Craft process or troubleshooting documentation in the support knowledge base. Engage and respond to the Okta developer community through Stack Overflow, forums, etc. Deliver against customer experience targets.
Push creative thinking beyond the boundaries of existing industry standard practices to come up with process improvements and new ways to delight customers.

Requirements:

BABSMS in Computer Science or related discipline (Preferred)
5 years of experience in Customer Support, technical support, solutionssales engineering, or software development, preferably a customer-facing role.
Demonstrated ability to program in one statically typed (C, .NET, Java) and one dynamically typed language (Python, Ruby, PHP, JavaScript.)
Expertise supporting both classic and modern web stacks (e.g., JSP, Rails, DjangoFlask, Node.js, ASP.NET.)
Experience supporting REST APIs.
Real passion for solving issues and advocating for their success in a dynamic, highly technical environment.
Ability to learn new technologies quickly.
Excellent customer service and communication skills in a variety of forms (written, live chat, conference calls, in-person
Experience with React Native, iOS, or Android Development is strongly preferred.

 
 What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 