Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Senior Accountant
We are in search of a top-tier Senior Accountant of Compensation to join our Compensation GL team.  The ideal candidate is a detailed-oriented, self-motivated team player, who enjoys working in a challenging and fast-paced environment.  This individual should have a solid working knowledge of GAAP, SEC regulations, and internal controls and will be responsible for the timely and accurate recording of compensation related activities of the company.  This includes recording bonuses and related accruals; and the Sales commissionsCompensation plan calculation and accruals.  Additionally, this role will be responsible for supporting the month-end close process, SOX compliance control execution and quarterlyannual audit process, as well as identifying and driving project-based work to provide process efficiencies for the team.  This role will be reporting to the Corporate Lead Senior Accountant.  This role will be required to work in the US (Pacific Time) hours (9:00pm - 6:00am IST).
 
What youll be doing 

Perform various GL month-end close activities, including preparation and review of journal entries and balance sheet reconciliations for bonus, commission, and other GL related transactions
Responsible for the preparation of the Corporate Performance bonus plans, other bonuses, and related accruals
Prepare journal entries for commission accruals and Deferred Commission amortization, as well as roll-forward schedules
Prepare and review month-end closing journal entries, including resolving discrepancies and ensuring entries are in accordance with US GAAP
Prepare PL and BS fluctuation analyses
Assist in preparing internal and external financial reporting schedules
Support the quarterly reviews, annual audit requests and inquiries from our external auditors
Ad hoc accounting projects and requests, as needed

 
What youll bring to the role

Bachelors degree, with an emphasis in Accounting or Finance
6-9 years of combined public accounting and private industry at a publicly traded company
CA or CPA candidate a plus
Solid working knowledge and application of US GAAP, SEC regulations, and SOXinternal controls
Familiarity with the operations and related accounting for bonuses, commissions, and payroll globally
Strong problem solving, analytical, and organization skills
Ability to execute, follow-up, and ensure attention to detail     
Strong interpersonal and communication (both verbal and written) skills
A team player, adept at building relationships across the organization
Ability to adhere to deadlines in a fast-paced environment, without sacrificing accuracy
Strong systems knowledge, including the ability to quickly learn new systems
Proficient with Microsoft tools (Excel, Word, PowerPoint)
Experience with NetSuite preferred 
Experience using Workday, ADP, or other comparable payroll software a plus

 
LI-CM
 What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 