Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Emerging Team
Our AEs strive to understand the specific challenges that both prospects and customers are faced with and map Oktas solutions accordingly to achieve the desired positive business outcomes. They cultivate positive relationships with customers and key partners while maintaining a solid knowledge of Oktas evolving technology as well as contending differentiators. It is imperative that you demonstrate leadership qualities, ethical behavior, excellent work ethic and a focus on collaboration with both internal counterparts as well as customers.
 
The Small Medium Business Account Executive Opportunity
Reporting to the Senior Manager, Emerging Sales the SMB account executive is responsible for all aspects of new-logo acquisition and install base expansion for our small to medium prospective and current customers (100-299 employees). Core responsibilities include territory planning, prospecting, relationship development, running sales cycles, pricing, presentation delivery, negotiations, and closing. In this high-velocity role, expect to own deals from cradle-to-grave in collaboration with account teams, sales engineers, professional services, and partners.
 
What youll be doing 

Forecast opportunities to hit or exceed a quarterly quota in a defined territory
Cultivate relationships with supporting members of the Sales Development Team
Build sales decks that wow your prospects during your product demonstrations
Build and maintain a robust sales pipeline within our small to medium-sized segment
Work with partners and strategic alliances to extend reach  new opportunities
Accelerate customer adoption by expanding Oktas product use within your customer base
Manage contract negotiations
Develop long-term strategic relationships with key accounts and ensure customer success

 
What youll bring to the role

2-4 years of B2B closing sales experience, SaaSCloud, security, strongly preferred
A track record of success selling to small to medium-sized businesses
Prior experience managing a territory based quota
ISVPartnership experience preferred
Experience presentingrunning demos to C-level executives
BSBA degree preferred
This role must sit near our Washington D.C. office hub or in region.
Must be able to travel to customers, events, and team offsites

LI- RemoteBelow is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus. The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:130,000—194,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 