Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Workplace Team
The Bellevue Site Manager will curate programs, experiences and support events that build and amplify Oktas mission, values, and culture.
We are seeking candidates with an entrepreneurial mindset, who will act as champions of Oktas core values (Loving our Customers, Never Stop Innovating, Acting with Integrity, Being Transparent and Empowering our People) and who will add to our company culture.
The ideal candidate will excel at driving culture initiatives while building relationships with key stakeholders and executive leadership. This position requires strong customer service acumen to support a diverse onsite clientele. This individual will also need to be employee experience-oriented and have a hospitality mindset. 
This is a full-time role based in Bellevue and reports to the North American Operation Sr. Manager.  While we offer dynamic workplace policies that enable our employees to work from anywhere, this role requires you to be in the office.
Job Duties  Responsibilities:

Complete responsibility and oversight of day-to-day operations of the site, ranging from janitorial, to life-safety, space planning, food and beverage, events and all programs and services in-between
Work closely with Global Workplace  Experience colleagues, cross-functional partner teams, functional leaders, and leadership to ensure that the space and experience reflects Oktas philosophy to promote wellness and productivity
Organize and champion our employee experience offerings and contribute your voice to our North American and global strategy for these programs
Build strong internal relationships with our employees, leadership, partner teams and key stakeholders 
Responsible for the oversight of all vendor services, including quarterly business reviews, and monitoring and driving vendors to meet Oktas service level agreements (SLA) and key performance indicator (KPI) requirements
Innovate and deliver programs and services to support our growing distributed workforce in the region, as well as onsite facilities 
Oversee the Bellevue Operations budget; partner with Finance on all items ranging from capexopex, accruals, reforecasts, etc.
Manage the coordination and implementation of capital projects working closely with Global Workplace Project Management team
Take lead to address local safety, security and facilities-related concerns and communicate status and updates effectively
Work closely with the North American and Global Operations Workplace team to drive visions, methods, and targets

Required Knowledge, Skills  Abilities:

A minimum of 3 years of workplace programs andor site management experience for a large company 
Position is an on-call 247 role with presence in the office expected 
Must have strong management and leadership skills, and experience with both direct reports and cross functional teams 
A proven ability to be a self-starter capable of driving results without significant supervision
Exceptional organizational and analytical skills, financial acumen, and both verbal  written communication skills are required
Strong ability to multi-task and successfully coordinate multiple projects simultaneously; ability to prioritize activities effectively, while ensuring a high level of accuracy and attention to detail
Background in Workplace Services focused on exceptional customer service and promoting a positive employee experience for employees, candidates, clients and vendor alike
Strong systems and collaboration tools knowledge  including Space IQ, Coupa, Service Now, Scout, Asana, GSuite, Atlassian, etc. 
Experience in office relocation is a plus
Experience in people management or supervision is a plus

LI-SC
LI-OnSite
 Below is the annual base salary range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus.   The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:92,000—124,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 