Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Document Tools - Build, Tools  Infra Engineer
Okta is seeking a Documentation Tools Engineer who implements changes to support our information architecture, build and publishing processes. You will support the technical writers who develop content for Oktas suite of products by implementing tooling and processes. You will also implement changes to improve the appearance and function of the help.okta.com site.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:

Build and maintain the documentation infrastructure, and release process
Train and mentor technical writers in the best practices for structure authoring, automation and similar methodologies.
Design, build, and manage the documentation user experiences that meet business objectives while enforcing quality, content structure and versioning in support of multiple products and globalisation.
Own the translation shipments for the product documentation, working closely with the Globalisation team and Translation Coordinator.
Define and plan content projects, set targets, and measure the success and effectiveness of deliverables leveraging Agile methodology.

Minimum REQUIRED Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

Working experience in CSS, javascript and HTML
Experience with CICD tools such as CircleCI.
Experience with Git or Github, branching and merging source content
Experience with DITA, Oxygen XML (or similar) authoring tools

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with MadCap Flare XML
Experience with Contently 
Experience migrating content from XML to DITA or structured authoring
Experience with React

Education and Training:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience
 
 What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 