Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.
Sales Director - France SMB team
The French region has been growing over the last few years for us here at Okta. Weve already broken in with some incredible brands but have a huge amount of untapped opportunity still to go. This role would be based in our Dublin Hub which has all of our Sales Development and SMB sales teams as well as some other functions. We are looking for a new Sales Director to continue growing the team int his SMB space, which our product plays extremely well in. Our customers in this space are typically start-ups, digital natives,  high growth and fast paced organisations who use our technology to accelerate their business.
As the Sales Director for SMB, you will...

Manage a team of Accounts Executives ensuring they achieve individual and team quota
Lead weekly forecast meetings and ensure your Account Executives have strong forecasting discipline, and are managing pipeline effectively 
Support Account Executives to get deals over the line where needed, either by leading in client meetings or providing closer support on their Executive level relationships with key prospects. 
Provide hands-on coaching and development of your team.
Partner with the Recruitment team to source, attract and hire the best talent for your team. 
Reporting on sales activity to the VP of France. 
Work closely with extended team of Pre-Sales, Customer Success, Enablement, Legal, Sales Operations etc

You could be a great fit for this role if you have:

Strong experience working within the Software industry, ideally in the SaaS space. 
Experience of leading, coaching, and developing early in career Account Executives.
Proven experience working in a new business, high volume sales environment.
Demonstrated ability managing according to a sales process and methodology, e.g MEDDPICCC or MEDDIC and to accurately forecast sales results
Ability to work in a fast-growing, exciting environment
You must demonstrate the ability to expresses ideas using strong listening and communication skills to influence and gain buy in from your team, leadership, customers, and all your stakeholders

Oktas Top 5 Core Leadership Competencies are part of the deeply ingrained principles that guide all of our companys actions. They also align strongly to our cultural cornerstones, our Okta values: love our customers, empower our people, never stop innovating, act with integrity, and maintain transparency. Its our expectation that our managers and leaders embody these core competencies:

Builds Effective Teams: Building strong-identity teams that apply their diverse skills and perspectives to achieve common goals.          
Demonstrates Self-Awareness (EQ): Using a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses.
Develops Talent: Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organisations goals.
Drives Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances.
Strategic Mindset: Seeing ahead to future possibilities and translating them into breakthrough strategies.  

LI-KB2
 
What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 