Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Senior Software Engineer - Data Foundations
About Okta
Okta is enterprise-grade identity management, built from the ground up for the cloud and delivered with an unwavering focus on customer success. With Okta you can manage access across any application, person, or device. Okta helps you become more secure and more productive.
About the Team
The Data Foundations team is responsible for the data infrastructure, services, and products that empower both internal and external customers.
We build Oktas:

Product telemetry
Customer-facing system log delivery solutions
Streaming analytics and interactive end-user reporting
Product-facing data infrastructure and roadmap

Our team is fast, creative, and flexible. We encourage ownership, expect great things from our engineers, and reward accordingly.
About the Position
The Data Foundations team is building critical infrastructure for Okta to scale for years to come. This opportunity is for experienced Software Engineers to join our fast-growing Data Foundations organization with a focus on scaling high-volume, low-latency, distributed data services and products. As a member of the Data Platform team, you will be responsible for designing, building, and deploying the systems that power our data analytics and ML. Our analytics infrastructure stack sits on top of many modern technologies, including Kinesis, Flink, ElasticSearch, and Snowflake.
We are looking for experienced Software Engineers who can own the build, deployment, and optimization of our next-generation streaming infrastructure. The team has a directive from leadership to make Okta a leader in the use of data and ml to improve end-user security. You will have a sizable impact on the direction, design, and implementation of these solutions.
 
Job Duties and Responsibilities:

Design, implement, and operate high-performance streaming infrastructure and subsystems
Collaborate with engineering teams, architects and cross-functional partners
Collaborate with the team via design reviews, code reviews, analysis, and performance tuning
Coach and mentor engineers to help scale up the engineering organization
Debug production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack

Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 

4 years of experience using an object-oriented language, preferably Java
Experience building and operating streaming systems on top of Kafka, Kinesis, or PubSub


Experience with reliability engineering specifically in areas such as data quality, data observability and incident management
A laser focus on your stakeholders

Nice to have

A knack for making systems only as complex as they need to be
Experience automating cloud infrastructure
Experience or strong interest in building multi-destination eventlog delivery systems
Experience or strong interest at the intersection of data quality, developer experience, and platform automation
A solid grasp on security, encryption, identity management, or authentication infrastructure

Additional requirements:

This position requires the ability to access federal environments andor have access to protected federal data.  As a condition of employment for this position, the successful candidate must be able to submit documentation establishing U.S. Person status (e.g. a U.S. Citizen, National, Lawful Permanent Resident, Refugee, or Asylee. 22 CFR 120.15) upon hire.

 Below is the annual base salary range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus.   The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:140,000—189,000 USD                                The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:  156,000—211,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 