Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.



 



What You Will Do

Build and maintain security controls in our Cloud environment
Build tooling to make security frictionless for Okta platform engineers
Develop design patterns, standards and best practices for Cloud security
Support our engineering teams in developing secure Cloud infrastructure
Identify gaps in our security posture and prioritize remediation efforts

 
Youre a good fit for this role if:

You have 5 years of experience in Cloud Security Engineering
You have strong knowledge of AWS or Azure or GCP services and security controls
You have proficiency with at least one of the following languages

Python
Go
JavaScript 

You have proficiency with writing and deploying Terraform code
You have strong written and verbal communication skills

Bonus points if:

You have experience in the identity and access management (IAM) domain.
You have experience working with and securing containers and Kubernetes.
You have experience working with a fully distributed, remote team.
You have a robust knowledge of security engineering and application security.
You have experience with developer enablement and accelerating development teams through best practices and shared tooling.

 
Required requirements:

This position requires the ability to access federal environments andor have access to protected federal data.  As a condition of employment for this position, the successful candidate must be able to submit documentation establishing U.S. Person status (e.g. a U.S. Citizen, National, Lawful Permanent Resident, Refugee, or Asylee. 22 CFR 120.15) upon hire.

LI-Remote
LI-SH1

 Below is the annual base salary range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus.   The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:140,000—189,000 USD                                The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:  156,000—211,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 