Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Okta is an identity company. Identity matters because were all unique. We were raised in different countries, cities, and towns. We have unique backgrounds. Weve faced specific challenges. And weve learned a lot along the way. At Okta we believe those experiences equip us to look at the world with our own perspective. Our SaaS product protects your right to be you, and we want every single one of our employees to feel a sense of belonging, acceptance and comfort to express their ideas, because ultimately our differences are what makes us great. And guess what? You could join us because
The Nordics Emerging Sales team is growing!
Okta EMEA sales organisation are a team of entrepreneurial and driven sales professionals and they are playing a key role in the expansion of Okta as we establish ourselves as a market leader in the Nordics, leveraging Oktas existing customer references, marketing programs, partner base and ISV  alliance relationships.
The Emerging Account Executive at Okta is responsible for all aspects of new customer acquisition and growth including management of the sales process for customers below 300 employees in the Nordics.
As an Emerging Account Executive you will:

Go to market as an expert on both our Workforce and Customer identity cloud offerings.
Build a thorough territory plan for your accounts so you can plan your time effectively. 
Proactively drive your own top of funnel activity through Inmails, events, networking and other creative avenues always ensuring you have enough pipeline to hit your number.
Generate self-sourced opportunities as well as partnering with Marketing, SDRs and Partners to win new logos. 
Leverage upsell and cross sell opportunities within your install base accounts to grow the success of your customers and Okta. 
Adopt a strong value based sales approach; always looking to bring a compelling point of view to our customers. 
Develop trusted and long term advisory partnership with Executives in your accounts, leveraging the Okta technology to support them in hitting their key strategic goals. 
Follow a MEDDPICCC sales methodology to navigate complexity in the sales cycle and ensure youre ahead of any obstacles to the deal closing. 
Build mutual action plans in partnership with your customers to create shared accountability.
Partner with cross functional teams from Sales Development (SDRs  BDRs) to Channel  Alliances, Marketing, Pre-Sales, Solutions Architects, Legal, Deal Desk and more to ensure success for yourself and Okta. 

You could be a great fit for this role if you have:

Some experience selling Software as a Service (SaaS) cloud technology.
Experience self sourcing your opportunities through a range of methods with a drive to win and grow new logos. 
Experience selling in a high volume sales environment with a larger territory to prioritise around. Typical deal sizes you may have sold range from 10,000 - 100,000 ARR
Ideally sold to both technical audiences such as CIO, CISO, CTO and business personas such as Product, Marketing, HR, Operations etc. 
Experience using a sales framework such as MEDDICC, Challenger or Sandler (we use MEDDPICCC)
An understanding of selling in partnership with the channel ecosystem.
Fluency in Finnish (other Nordic languages beneficial)

LI-REMOTE LI-SW2What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 