Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.
Okta is looking for a Sr. Federal Regional Marketing Manager to strategically develop, manage and execute field programs and campaigns specifically targeting the US Federal Government and Dept. of Defense. In partnership with the Public Sector Marketing leader, sales, alliances and the cross functional marketing team, this person will be responsible for quarterbacking and executing strategies to meetexceed quarterly and annual pipeline goals.  
The Sr. Federal Marketing Manager role is an opportunity to make key contributions, working across business units to develop unique customer and prospect experiences that drive business impact. The ideal candidate must be a results-oriented marketer that gets things done- a roll up your sleeves type of person. The role will require proven ability to effectively work and collaborate with cross-functional internal teams, including field sales, partner sales, marketing, and operations, as well as external partners and vendors. Its critical this person understands the federal landscape. 
Job Duties and Responsibilities:

Build strategic marketing plans that incorporate various field  regional events, programs and campaigns designed to contribute to annual pipeline goals and support sales achievement of revenue and pipeline objectives. 
Execute on marketing strategy- define, project manage and execute to program goals, messaging, tactics, audience generationemail campaigns, speaker plan, collateral, on-site execution, post-show leads processing  follow-up, and other logistics.
Monitor and facilitate lead funnel management across all activities, and report program results to all stakeholders.
Work closely with strategic field alliance and technology partners to execute joint marketing programs and co-branded tactics that support public sector strategy and annual revenue goals.
Effectively work cross-functionally with teams across Okta to include field sales, partner managers, SDRs, marketing, operations, legal, and procurement to efficiently and effectively execute plans and achieve goals.
Clearly communicate federalDoD marketing strategy, plans, goals and outcomes to all stakeholders, as well as other internal cross-functional teams.

Minimum REQUIRED Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Demonstrated experience in program, event creation and campaign management to include measuring and reporting of success metricsbusiness impact.
Ability to plan strategically while also executing tactically
5-7 years of experience marketing to a Federal audience.
Experience planning and co-marketing with strategic reseller, distribution and or technology partners.
Budget Management to include all aspects of pre-program procurement and post reconciliation.
A proven track record of complex event programs with varied stakeholders, multiple product lines, and representing various cross teams within the organization.
Oversee event management including budgets, venue selection, vendor sourcing and management, project plan, event show flow, promotion and registration, content development, on-site management.
Master of multi-tasking, prioritization, and timelines
Experience with sales and marketing automation systems  Salesforce and Marketo, preferred Clari, Demandbase, a bonus
Excellent oral and written communication skills. 
Thrives in rapid growth, fast paced environment and adapts well to change
Ability to work independently with minimal direction
Team player with a positive attitude.

Additional requirements:

This position requires the ability to access federal environments andor have access to protected federal data.  As a condition of employment for this position, the successful candidate must be able to submit documentation establishing U.S. Person status (e.g. a U.S. Citizen, National, Lawful Permanent Resident, Refugee, or Asylee. 22 CFR 120.15) upon hire.


 What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 