Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Our Strategic Account Executives orchestrate and lead the sales engagements of our largest Benelux customers, typically those 20,000 employees or more. We see the impact our Workforce and Customer cloud offerings can have in these huge global organisations underpinning their digital transformation programs. Because of this opportunity; weve grown this team significantly in the last 12 months and weve seen some incredible success stories already. 
As a Strategic Account Executive you will:

Go to market as an expert on both our Workforce and Customer identity cloud offerings.
Establish a vision and plan for the accounts assigned in your territory.
Build thorough account plans detailing customer strategy, financials, pains, objectives and stakeholders. 
Proactively drive your own top of funnel activity through Inmails, events, networking and other creative avenues always ensuring you have enough pipeline to hit your number. 
Equally utilise Sales Development (SDRs  BDRs), Marketing and the Partner ecosystem to help find and win new logo opportunities. 
Leverage upsell and cross sell opportunities within your install base accounts to grow the success of your customers and Okta. 
Adopt a strong value based sales approach; always looking to bring a compelling point of view to our customers. 
Develop trusted and long term advisory partnership with Executives in your accounts, leveraging the Okta technology to support them in hitting their key strategic goals. 
Follow a MEDDPICCC sales methodology to navigate complexity in the sales cycle and ensure youre ahead of any obstacles to the deal closing. 
Build mutual action plans in partnership with your customers to create shared accountability.
Partner with cross functional teams from Sales Development (SDRs  BDRs) to Channel  Alliances, Marketing, Pre-Sales, Solutions Architects, Legal, Deal Desk and more to ensure success for yourself and Okta. 
Leverage our Business Value team to show our customers their ROI and deliver effective messaging about the long term impact of the Okta solutions.
Leverage cross border relationships with AEs in other regions when managing global accounts. 

You could be a great fit for this role if you have:

Expert level experience selling Software as a Service (SaaS) cloud technology into FTSE 500 organisations. Strategic at Okta means any organisation with 20,000 employees or more.  
Navigated long complex sales cycles with multiple stakeholders from both the customer base and within your own company. Typical deal sizes you may have sold range from 700,000 - 1.5m  ARR
Significant experience selling to both technical audiences such as CIO, CISO, CTO and the commercial personas such as Product, Marketing, HR, Operations etc. 
Expert using a Sales Framework such as MEDDICC, Challenger or Sandler (we use MEDDPICCC)
Significant experience selling in partnership with GSIs  the wider partner ecosystem

LI-LW1
LI-Partially_RemoteWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 