Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.
Position Description:
We are looking for an experienced, enthusiastic, hands-on leader who can rapidly learn the Okta value proposition and apply it to customers of all sizes. This is a key leader of the Professional Services organization accountable for the delivery of Okta architecture services. You have experience managing a technical team, resource forecasting, change management and operational excellence for PS teams. You have a deep understanding of reporting and metrics as well as capacity planning and utilization targets. You will have a strong Consulting background with an ability to handle multiple work streams and be deeply comfortable with client issues and resolutions. Additionally, this position is a player  coach role that includes customer facing delivery responsibilities.
You are responsible for collaborating with leaders and team members across the Global Professional Services organization for the planning and deployment of the solution for our customers to ensure we are providing the appropriate services for their success. 
Duties and responsibilities:

Assist the Director, Architecture with oversight and accountability for professional services billingsrevenue, customer satisfaction, resources, and utilization.
Responsible for hiring, growing, and retaining PS Architecture team members wholly focused on our customers success.
Provide direct management, mentoring, and support to the Architects to ensure their continued technical, professional, and career growth
Demonstrate  improve our repeatable implementation methodology to rapidly enable customers to adopt the Okta service
Work closely with the Business Operations, Finance and Legal teams to ensure the proper post-implementation activities are accounted for and in compliance with the corporate policies.
Primary customer liaison managing relationships and communication between project team, customer, and internal stakeholders
Represent Okta Professional Services across multiple engagements and workstreams 
Ensure customer success from beginning to end of the engagement life cycle
Manage project budgets to customer and Okta expectations
Continue to upskill team members to ensure team has the expertise and capabilities to successfully deliver Okta to customers
Customer facing delivery (30) and is a player  coach

Qualifications:

5 years experience leading teams (supervisory responsibilities).
5 years experience as an architect delivering solutions to external customers.
5 years experience in Identity  Access Management.
Authority in technologies and protocols to support identity federation and robust access control models (e.g., SAML 2.0, WS-Federation, OAuth, OpenID Connect).
Familiarity with IAM solution providers is strongly desired.
Extensive knowledge of enterprise web technologies and security.
Ability to work independently and multi-functionally supporting the development of client work youre doing.
General knowledge of modern cloud architectures as well as complex enterprise on-premises IT landscapes.
Knowledge of typical enterprise identity life cycle management processes and standards.
Ability to Multi-task and manage multiple customer engagements is a requirement.
Able and willing to be a hands-on contributor.
Experience in Process Improvement, Decision-making, Managing Processes, Planning, Analyzing Information and Developing Standards.
Software development experience preferred (Java, .Net, PHP, RESTJSON, etc.).
Expertise in JavaScript and one of the major JavaScript MVC frameworks desirable (Angular, Node, React, etc.).
Ability to travel up to 50.

Communication: 

Effectively communicate technical information to non-technical audiences.
Demonstrated ability to work and interact with CxOs and high-level customer executives.
Can own the room and drive architecture solution workshops.
Uses active listening skills to figure out and understand the customers business goals, objectives and priorities.
Understands how to communicate difficultsensitive information thoughtfully.
Superb communication skills, including issue tracking, triaging and crisis management.

Team and Customer Interaction: 

Facilitates effective team interaction.
Provides technical leadership on delivery methodologies.
Communicates effectively with customers, team members and management.
Continually seeks opportunities to increase customer satisfaction and deepen client relationships.
Manages client expectations effectively.

Education: 

A Bachelors degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science, Information Technology or related discipline required.
Okta Certified Technical Architect or a combination of Okta Certified Consultant and Okta Certified Developer will be a plus.
TOGAF andor CISSP certification is a plus.

Oktas Top 5 Core Leadership Competencies are part of the deeply ingrained principles that guide all of our companys actions. They also align strongly to our cultural cornerstones, our Okta values: love our customers, empower our people, never stop innovating, act with integrity, and maintain transparency. Its our expectation that our managers and leaders embody these core competencies:

Builds Effective Teams: Building strong-identity teams that apply their diverse skills and perspectives to achieve common goals.          
Demonstrates Self-Awareness (EQ): Using a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses.
Develops Talent: Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organizations goals.
Drives Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances.
Strategic Mindset: Seeing ahead to future possibilities and translating them into breakthrough strategies.

LI-Remote
Below is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus. The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:180,000—270,000 USD                                         The OTE range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:200,000—300,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 