Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Oktas Customer Identity Cloud (CIC), powered by Auth0 technology, is an easy to implement authentication and authorization platform designed by developers for developers.  We make access to applications safe, secure, and seamless for the more than 100 million daily logins around the world. Our modern approach to identity enables this Tier 0 global service to deliver convenience, privacy, and security so customers can focus on innovation.
Our commitment to identity inspires and sustains our Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging strategy as we aim to celebrate and protect the identities of everyone in our network. Click here to learn more about our commitment to building balanced teams.
We are looking for a new Product Manager to join our team. Youll work closely with our engineering teams in the Identity and Access Management domain, identifying challenges and devising solutions that add incremental value. At Okta, youll receive comprehensive support, continuous learning opportunities, and mentorship to thrive in your role. Our team of business agility, program, and product experts will provide you with the necessary tools for your success.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:

Do hands on research and prototyping of identity solutions and market test for viability
Work with our engineering and design team to build actionable requirements
Build roadmaps that articulate your product direction and strategy 
Build compelling business cases to support ongoing product delivery efforts 
Following our PDLC (Product Delivery Lifecycle) to drive a complete vision, while upholding the highest standards in security, architecture, and design

Minimum Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

Bachelors in Computer Science or has completed an Engineering Bootcamp program within the same time frame
Projects involving building or expanding SaaS products 
Practical experience working data and tools to analyze data (SQLBI Tools) 

Preferred Qualifications:

Hands on experience with agile development tools like Jira and Confluence
People skills to conduct customer interviews
Ability to travel within US or Canada for customer conversation or research

 
LI-Remote

LI-DH2
What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 