Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Corporate Team
Account Executives at Okta strive to help prospects and customers modernize IT, build customer experiences, and prevent breaches by mapping our solutions to their needs. By understanding the specific challenges that both prospects and customers are faced with, you will help them achieve the desired positive business outcomes with our solutions. You will cultivate tight-knit relationships with customers and key partners while maintaining knowledge of Oktas evolving technology. In this high-velocity role, expect to own deals from cradle-to-grave in collaboration with account teams, sales engineers, professional services, and partners.
 
The Sr. Corporate Account Executive Opportunity
Reporting to the Area Sales Director, Corporate Sales, Oktas Corporate Account Executives manage the sales processes for midsize enterprise customers (700-1,250 employees). The right candidate for the position will enjoy closing new logos while simultaneously managing and expanding a book of install base customers. Our AEs organize and conduct sales presentations, site visits and product demonstrations to prospects and represent Okta in a consistent, effective and professional manner to best develop and win new clients.
 
What youll be doing 

Manage the sales process for medium-sized new logo customers from demo to contract negotiation
Expand business within existing Okta customers by building long-term strategic relationships with key accounts
Develop and execute against an assigned quota and territory plan
Prospect, forecast, build and maintain a sales pipeline with assigned Sales Development Representatives
Present to C-level executives in the field and via web demonstrations
Partner with ISVs and strategic partners to win revenue for Okta

 
What youll bring to the role

5 years of sales and account management experience in a SaaSCloud B2B environment
A proven track record of success selling in territory to mid-sized andor enterprise customers
ISV or Channel experience strongly preferred  
ITSecurity sales experience strongly preferred
Ability to travel 25
BSBA degree preferred
Must reside in territory
Must be able to travel to customers, events, and team offsites

LI-RemoteWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 