Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The CIC Engineering Team
Oktas Customer Identity Cloud (CIC), powered by Auth0 technology, is an 
easy-to-implement authentication and authorization platform designed by developers for developers.  We make access to applications safe, secure, and seamless for the more than 100 million daily logins around the world. Our modern approach to identity enables this Tier- global service to deliver convenience, privacy, and security so customers can focus on innovation.
The opportunity
We are looking for recent engineering bootcamp or university graduates who are ready to kick start their careers in Summer 2024! You will join one of our Engineer Domains where you will address real-world challenges and create innovative value for our customers. The ideal candidate will share our passion and pride in the simple elegance and usability of our solution.  We are looking for problem solvers who care about making a meaningful impact for our customers and enjoy working as part of a collaborative, distributed team. 
What we offer
Throughout your first year, you will be immersed in the Customer Idently Clouds Engineering Launch Program where you will be guided through a multi-faceted program designed to better enable new engineers to contribute in your role, get introduced to our engineering culture, and chart a path for future professional success. Youll be mentored along the way by the best and the brightest engineering minds and take part in customized learning opportunities.  
Job Duties and Responsibilities:

Design and implement high-performance, scalable, reusable and maintainable software
Work with engineering teams to define project scope and understand our planning process
Participate in test-driven development, design and code reviews
Contribute iterative improvements to our systems 
Collaborate across Engineering, Product Management, Security and Design teams to solve technical and non-technical challenges

Requirements

Interest in software development experience, and testing that supports building highly reliable, mission-critical software
Ability to program in at least one OO programming language (e.g. Java, Javascript, Golang andor Python)
Understanding of concepts like Web Services, SOA, REST APIs
Able to apply knowledge gained in computer science courses to real world problems
Graduated within the past 12 months, or will be graduating by Spring 2024, with a Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or has completed an Engineering Bootcamp program within the same time frame. 

Extra credit if you have any of the following:

Working knowledge of web technologies (such as HTTP, HTMLDOM, CSS, AJAX) will be beneficial.
Familiarity developing containerized applications and deploying it to Kubernetes on cloud infrastructure vendors like AWS, Azure, GCP.
Familiarity with Node.js applications
Enjoy being part of a highly collaborative, remote-friendly environment.
Youve built, broken, and rebuilt software applications. Were looking for creative thinkers who also know how to create real-world products. 

As part of our growth, we are committed to building an inclusive work environment where all feel welcomed as their authentic selves—inclusive of all genders, sexual orientations, ethnicities, races, education, ages, or other personal characteristics.LI-RemoteWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 