Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The BT Strategy  Ops Team
Business Technology is on a mission to accelerate Oktas scale and growth. We bring world-class business acumen and technology expertise to every interaction. We also drive cross-functional collaboration and are focused on delivering measurable business outcomes.
The BT Scrum Lead Opportunity
As a Business Technology Scrum Lead, your role involves coordinating scrum activities across multiple teams to deliver vital programs and improvements. The ideal candidate should possess extensive scrumagile expertise, self-motivation, and experience in a SaaS setting. This position emphasizes a people-centric approach, requiring strong emotional intelligence and a commitment to fostering team member development. In a dynamic and uncertain environment, you will serve as the central figure in clarifying scrum team priorities and addressing crucial obstacles.
What youll be doing 

Lead the scrum team in using Agile methodology and scrum practices
Guide others to understand Scrum values, principles, and practices.
Partner with the product owner and delivery team to understand priorities, groom the backlog, and set and deliver on sprint commitments
Facilitate scrum ceremonies across scrum and delivery teams
Remove impediments and coach the scrum team on agile best practices
Help the scrum team achieve higher levels of scrum maturity
Partner with  Technical PMs to manage cross-functional programs with co-dependencies

What youll bring to the role

2 years experience running multiple scrum teams in a SaaS environment
2 years experience with Agile framework techniques such as scrum, kanban, XP, etc.
Working knowledge of Atlassian products (Jira, Confluence) andor other work managementcollaboration tools
Knowledge and demonstrated ability in working with collaboration Tools (Google Workspace, Slack, Zoom, Lucid)
Demonstrated experience in optimizationautomation projects. 
Ability to analyze and think quickly to resolve roadblocks
Ability to communicate effectively, good interpersonal and coaching skills
Ability to adapt to a changing environment and influence without authority
Self-motivated with the ability to stay focused in the middle of distraction
Solid understanding of GTM business flows and associated automation opportunities
Desired: Experience working on Enterprise Data Management initiatives.

And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following! 

Graduate coursework a plus
Scrum Leader certification preferred (CSM, A-CSM, etc.)

LI-RemoteWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 