Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you. 
The Developer Enablement Team:
As a member of the Developer Enablement team, you will be focused on solving challenging problems around development environment frameworks, scalability and stability so that all engineers at Okta are enabled to deliver products at high velocity and scale without compromising quality, and coding standards. The team is chartered to understand software development pain points, provide solutions for those, set guidelines for code organization and development, and ensure that development environments in general are kept performant and stable as we continue to add more features and functionalities to our product portfolio. In this team you will have the opportunity to define and mold the future of development infrastructure at Okta.
What youll be doing :

Design and develop innovative automated solutions that enable developers to stay productive as they continue to add product features and functionalities
Understand, analyze usage of and drive improvements to the development environments
 Build tools that measure operational performance of local development environments
Enable automation for quick and efficient configuration of development environments
 Help developers with any questions they may have regarding their development environments
Provide guidelines to enable best practices for code organization and development
 Profile and tune performance of development environments, including making changes to the codebase itself
Work with developers, architects and release engineering to keep the code and overall development process efficient
 Stay abreast of industry trends for developer efficiency and cross-pollinate those ideas and processes with Oktas development processes 

What we are looking for:

Bachelors degree in computer science or equivalent 
4 years of industry experience developing Internet scale software in Java
Proven track record of developing and supporting software development infrastructure 
3 year of experience of developing, debugging, profiling and performance tuning in Java, Spring and Tomcat 
2 years experience in solving performance issues in development environments. Superior knowledge of various code profiling tools and techniques
Experience with software development at scale
Thoroughly familiar with tuning of advanced IDEs like IntelliJ (preferred) or Eclipse. Good knowledge of Github.
Well versed with build tools like Maven (preferred), Gradle, Bazel etc. -- configuring, profiling, and fine tuning those for superior performance
Knowledge of containerization tools like Docker and KubernetesECS
Experience with large public cloud provider like AWS
Familiar with CICD pipelines, and Agile development methodologies
Ability to work collaboratively across engineering teams, and get up to speed with new technologies

LI-onsite
 What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 