Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Professional Services team
We are a team of Identity and Access Management experts. We help businesses and organisations maximise their Oktas IAM platform investment, providing rapid time-to-value in adoption and usage, promoting scalability and agility.
 
The Partner  Project Success Manager Opportunity
Reporting to the Head of Professional Services APJ, this role will be responsible for leading and managing complex identity access management (IAM) projects, as well as developing and supporting our partners to successfully deliver Okta services to our valued customers. 
 
What youll be doing 

Lead and manage delivery of complex identity access management (IAM) projects within tight project deadlines, budget, and demonstrated value of services
Initiate, plan, schedule, forecast, and provide oversight to the work of assigned professional services (PS) team members.
Think strategically across multidisciplinary teams establishing value-based relationships with our customers, relevant project stakeholders and partners
Build and convey compelling value propositions that will encourage partners (both emerging and strategic partners) to build Okta specialists and partner with Okta PS to co-sell and co-deliver customer solutions
Establish a vision for identifying delivery partners, increasing certifications, and preparing our service delivery partners to build and grow their identity management practice in partnership with Okta Professional Services
Formulate Oktas Partner business strategy in alignment with Okta stakeholders, Regional and Global PSM team
In collaboration with PS Sales and our network of delivery partners, identify customer opportunities and ensure accuracy of scoping and Statement of Work

 
What youll bring to the role

Deep understanding of IAM technologies, software delivery lifecycle, and SaaS
Strong project management background with excellent communication and coordination skills
Equipped with business focus, delivery mindset and sales knowledge that enables engagement at the executive level
Energy, flexibility and drive to create real and measurable business results
Ability to context switch and manage up to 20 engagements each week
Proficient business analytical skills to deliver insights feeding into services delivery and partner strategy
Excellent writtenverbal communication skills both in Japanese and English

 
And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following! 

Project Management Professional certification or other relevant accreditation
Proven track record of managing delivery and other types of channel partners
Experience leading multiple concurrent SaaS IAM projects
What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 