Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.
The Okta Japan Solutions Engineering Team
The Okta Japan Solutions Engineering team is involved in pre-sales stages of the customers development lifecycle and are experienced using presentations, email, phone and social media to connect with customers. We are looking for a great team leader that can build sales presentations, product demonstrations, execute Proof of Concepts and Workshops to educate customers (everyone from developers to product managers to C-level executives) on the best ways to cloud security technology. 
 
The Solutions Engineering Manager Opportunity
Our Solutions Engineering organization is seeking a Manager of Solutions Engineering for our Corporate  Emerging team (Commercial business) to lead a highly skilled team of Solutions Engineers. In addition to managing a team you will work directly with our sales team and channel partners to understand the needs of our customers, strategize on how to navigate sales cycles, provide value-based demonstrations, support POCs and close business.
 
What youll be doing 

Manage a team of talented solutions engineers responsible for supporting our SMB customers.
Provide coaching and development to your team ensuring professional growth and career development. 
Partner with sales leadership to identify and execute strategies that will scale quickly and meet business goals
Build effective relationships with cross functional leaders such as Marketing, Alliance, Customer Success and more.
Partner with HR, Finance and Operations to look at skills gaps, workforce planning and budget alignment.
Partner with Recruitment to build best in class hiring plans and go to market strategies. Interview, assess, conduct case studies and navigate offers to secure the best talent for Okta.
Collaborate with your Manager peers around best practice, market trends, employee internal moves and the overall functions strategy to support the team as they scale.
Act as an ambassador for your team with the Product functions to deliver feedback from the field.

 
What youll bring to the role

5 years of industry experience in a direct pre-sales capacity with 2 years of direct line management experience (hiring, training and retaining top talent)
Familiarity with the MEDDICC or some other sales qualification framework
Outstanding presenting skills to both technical and executive audiences, whether impromptu on a whiteboard or using presentations and demos.
University degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics or related fields, or equivalent experience preferred
Fluency in English and Japanese is essential

 
And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following! 

Technical skills gained in the security or identity space, such as IAM, CIAM, VPN, MDM, Active Directory, LDAP.
Knowledge around the Okta platform and competitor product offerings
Experience in presales or presales leading focusing on PartnerAlliance business.


 
 
Oktas Top 5 Core Leadership Competencies are part of the deeply ingrained principles that guide all of our companys actions. They also align strongly to our cultural cornerstones, our Okta values: love our customers, empower our people, never stop innovating, act with integrity, and maintain transparency. Its our expectation that our managers and leaders embody these core competencies:

Builds Effective Teams: Building strong-identity teams that apply their diverse skills and perspectives to achieve common goals.          
Demonstrates Self-Awareness (EQ): Using a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses.
Develops Talent: Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organizations goals.
Drives Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances.
Strategic Mindset: Seeing ahead to future possibilities and translating them into breakthrough strategies.

LI-Onsite
LI-AS2What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 