Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Mission Critical Technical Support Engineer Opportunity
The Mission Critical Support Engineer (MCSE) is an articulate and seasoned technical guru with strong working knowledge of the Okta product. In this role you will be adept at both building relationships and resolving issues. You will be the primary technical point of contact for a small number of Oktas largest, most strategic customers and will learn their technical architectures and troubleshoot their issues. You will own or orchestrate resolution of cases, build strong partnerships, and provide an unparalleled support experience for assigned customers.
 
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:   

Primary technical point of contact for designated enterprise customers.
Provide well-thought out and reliable direction, both in technical and non-technical terms, to help designated customers integrate and maintain their Okta deployment.
Take end-to-end ownership of assigned customer issues, including initial troubleshooting, identification of root cause and issue resolution.
Know the technical architecture and specifics of assigned customers Okta environment and troubleshoot issues.
Build and maintain strong relationships with technical contacts at assigned customers.
Assess the risk of product releases, and impending and important dates throughout the year, and act to mitigate any identified issues.
Push creative thinking beyond the boundaries of existing industry standard practices to come up with process improvements and new ways to delight customers.
Provide feedback to the training and documentation organizations so that common or emerging issues can be addressed before they become serious or widespread.
Collect information and document bugs with Engineering for product issues that are impacting customers.
Work in close collaboration with Customer Success Managers to receive, manage and expeditiously resolve escalations from assigned customers.
Meet or exceed customer expectations on response quality, timeliness, and overall customer experience.
Deliver against customer experience and efficiency targets.

 
QUALIFICATIONS:

5 years of customer support, technical support, system administration or a related technical customer facing role.
Expertise in core Microsoft product stack, including Windows Server, Windows Workstation, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, Group Policies and IIS.
Passion for solving customer issues and advocating for their success, in a fast paced, highly technical environment.
Ability to learn new technologies quickly.
Must be able to communicate with all levels of an organization, including executive, and earn their trust.
Excellent customer service and communication skills in a variety of forms (written, live chat, conference calls, in-person).
Excellent relationship management skills.
Ability to work independently and display strong judgment and discretion.
Excellent analytical and organizational abilities.
Ability to remain calm, composed and articulate when dealing with tough customer situations
Fluency in English and Japanese is essential

 
DESIRED SKILLS:

Experience supporting LDAP, SSO, SAML, or WS Federation.
Okta Professional and Okta Administrator Certifications.
Experience supporting cloud applications such as Office 365, Google Apps, Salesforce, Workday, NetSuite, Box, etc.
Experience supporting n-tier web applications.
Experience supporting REST APIs.
MCSE with concentration in Active Directory 2008 R2 or higher.

 
CORE COMPETENCIES: 

Technical Passion and Drive
Problem Solving and Analysis
Analytical Skills
Customer Focus
Active Listening
Communications
Relationship Building
What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 