Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Azure IntegrationTeam
We are looking for dynamic and collaborative software engineers to join the Azure Integrations team that focuses on integration with Microsofts Azure AD Identity Platform. We have opportunities across a wide range of areas within our engineering organization.
The Senior Software Engineer Opportunity
We are looking for experienced engineers that are passionate about building large-scale, mission-critical software in a fast-paced agile environment. The ideal candidate will share our passion and pride in the simple elegance and usability of our solution and will join an engineering team that strongly believes in automated testing, UX design and an iterative process to build high-quality next generation enterprise software.
What youll be doing 

Understand our Azure Integrations codebase and development process: Jira, Technical Designs, Code Review, Testing, and Deployment.
Analyze, refine and shape requirements with product management and other stakeholders by asking the right questions and driving clarity.
Provide support and handle incoming bugs and customer reported issues
Work with various stakeholders to scope and plan engineering efforts to ensure project and feature launch success. 
Design and implement high-performance distributed scalable and fault-tolerant software components.  
Enjoy working across a cross-functional team consisting of QA, Product Management, Technical Support, Documentation, TPM and UX to create an extensible platform. 
Own features andor systems and define their long-term health and observability and reliability metrics.  

What youll bring to the role

Good understanding and experience working with Microsofts Graph APIs - a RESTful web API that enables access Microsoft Cloud service resources, especially identity APIs 
3 years of full stack software development experience building highly reliable, mission-critical software. 
Experience working with systems of scale ranging from monolithic applications to microservices.
Experience with server-side technologies including caching, asynchronous processing, and multi-threading. We use Java, Spring, Hibernate, Redis.
Ability to work effectively with distributed teams and people of various backgrounds
This is a hybrid role.

Education and Training: B.S., MS, or PhD in Computer Science or related field
 What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 