Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Okta is searching for a Foreign Tax Compliance  Reporting Manager to join its global tax team and lead Oktas foreign (non-US) income tax compliance and reporting function. The ideal candidate is a self-motivated team builder with strong organization and project management skills.
Our Tax team serves a central part in the success of our business. We are currently looking for an experienced Tax Manager to join our team. In this role, you will need to:


Be proficient in leading foreign income tax compliance and reporting encountered by multinational technology corporations


Manage business-critical projects and workflows involving multiple stakeholders in a fast-paced environment,


Communicate well with cross-functional business partners with varying backgrounds and levels of experience,


Be a self-starter with deep technical experience,


Keep up on tax policy matters,


Be a strategic thinker who can problem solve and innovate in a evolving business,


Build strong relationships within Tax and across the organization,


The position will report to the Senior Manager, Global Tax Compliance and Reporting (US West Coast-based). 
This role may require being available during US Pacific Time business hours, as needed, for initial training as well as for recurring weekly meetings or ad hoc meetings.
Responsibilities:

Manage the companys non-US income tax compliance and statutory tax provisions across the Americas, EMEA, and APAC, including management of service providersaccounting firms
Review foreign corporate income tax returns, extensions, and estimated payments
Assist with managing income tax audits and notices
Review annual statutory tax provisions and tax disclosures, including liaising with the International Accounting team (UKIreland-based)
Assist with preparation andor review of portions of foreign entity US GAAP tax provisions, including return-to-provision adjustments and other tasks as needed
Assist Transfer Pricing team (US-based) with ensuring statutory financials properly account for transfer pricing adjustments in accordance with the Companys global transfer pricing policies
Assist with special tax projects as they arise, such as tax planning, legal entity rationalization, acquisitions, and new entity formation initiatives as needed
Assist with administrative duties, including approving service provider invoices, budgeting, department planning, and hiring
Other duties as assigned

Required Qualifications:

BABS degree in accounting, finance or similar discipline
At least 5 years of multinational corporate tax experience with a public accounting firm andor corporate tax department
Strong project management skills with proven ability to drive projects to timely completion while managing multiple competing priorities
Experience managing direct reports andor external service providers
Proactive communication skills
Ability to communicate technical tax issues to US-based team providing oversight
Strong analytical skills and high standards of accuracy and attention to detail
Ability to identify issues and implement solutions
Strong Excel skills
Strong English language proficiency (verbal and written)
You embrace and advocate the Okta culture

 Preferred Qualifications:

Masters in Tax or Accounting or Law Degree
At least 3 years of multinational corporate tax experience with a public accounting firm and at least 2 years experience in multinational corporate tax department

The ideal candidate will work as part of a high-performance culture built around autonomy and responsibility.
 
 
Oktas Top 5 Core Leadership Competencies are part of the deeply ingrained principles that guide all of our companys actions. They also align strongly to our cultural cornerstones, our Okta values: love our customers, empower our people, never stop innovating, act with integrity, and maintain transparency. Its our expectation that our managers and leaders embody these core competencies:

Builds Effective Teams: Building strong-identity teams that apply their diverse skills and perspectives to achieve common goals.          
Demonstrates Self-Awareness (EQ): Using a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses.
Develops Talent: Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organizations goals.
Drives Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances.
Strategic Mindset: Seeing ahead to future possibilities and translating them into breakthrough strategies.

 
LI-AK1What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 