Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Overview
Okta is looking for a talented Staff Product Designer (you!) who shares our passion for bringing simple, yet powerful product experiences to our enterprise admins. Oktas vision is to accelerate a world where everyone can safely use any technology. We bring simple and secure access to people and organizations everywhere, promising to not only protect the identities of our customers workforce and users, but to ask, what more can we make possible?
Which is where you come in! As a Staff Product Designer for Okta, youll work with a globally distributed design team to apply your craft and expertise on a range of products and services. Our culture provides the opportunity to explore the technologies were researching and investing in. Some of your work will be functional, practical user experience design, where you will help our design team drive cohesive user experience across Oktas portfolio of products. Other work will be speculative, generative explorations that you carry out in collaboration and partnership across the organization to flesh out, frame, and help prioritize solutions in an ever-evolving and complex, often ambiguous, problem space.
The Finer Print
You are a systems thinker who is capable of approaching complex design problems at a platform level. As a strong collaborator you are able to work closely with your peers in Oktas Workflows and Extensibility and Identity, Governance  Administration platforms to ensure consistent user experiences across our products. Curiosity and deep empathy for users informs your design perspective and you are a tireless advocate for user driven solutions.
 
In This Role, You Will

Lead a holistic, human-centered approach to design
Lead and oversee the Product Design strategy for your product alongside cross-functional partners, collaborating to take products from concept to launch
Design and facilitate co-creation design workshops with Product Management, Engineering and Design to define opportunities within our products to solve valuable customer problems
Collaborate with other Okta designers, including Visual and Content Design, User Research, and Design Ops, to ensure consistency across interface experiences across different user scenarios
Challenge teams to think bigger and act smaller, instilling an iterative process and fail forward mentality to design simple and delightful user interfaces for new and existing Okta products.
Advocate, mentor, and educate on the benefits of design thinking to product teams and new designers alike; partnering with UX team members to uphold our principles and standards
Actively mentor junior designers and contribute toward team-level and design practice and process improvements.
Work with Design Leadership to define and drive the frameworks, contracts, and standards for others to be able to then build on top of and add value to, ensuring the quality of UX delivery
Find creative ways to continuously learn from customers and users; Research and synthesize user needs to help conceive, define, test and evolve solutions for our users across a range of mediums and experiences; Advocate for users and delivering user and customer outcomes in a dynamic work environment
Help product designers create success metrics to illustrate a clear understanding how their designs impact customers
Bring a systems-thinking lens to the conversation
Present work, concepts, and new ideas to cross-functional team members, adjacent teams, and senior leadership; working to distill complex technical problems into clear, conceptual models and simple, elegant solutions.
Keep abreast of competitor products and industry trends; Perform competitive and comparative analysis to understand existing patterns.

Who We Are Looking For

You have experience leading cross-discipline teams and exemplify leadership. 
You are passionate about crafting and sharing product and design UX principles to help teams deliver cohesive user experiences.  
You have the heart of a teacher and can help mentor and train people. You build and share empathy with people in order to deeply understand them and their needs.
You are a thought leader, undertaking explorations into new technologies and territories while also delivering practical designs in a fast-moving product-driven context
You are someone who sees design as a partner in shaping strategic and operational product and UX outcome; comfortable owning all stages of design for multiple teams within a given product area.
You are passionate about supporting teams with a wide variety of experience, backgrounds, and interests.
Your portfolio will show that youve worked on complex and challenging technical projects across all aspects of the design process (conceptual design, interaction design, information architecture, and visual design)

Qualifications:

Degree in related field or relevant work experience as a UX designer.
Proficient in Figma, Sketch, Adobe Creative Suite, and  or similar design tools.
Possesses at least a basic understanding of HTML  CSS  JavaScript.
Can provide a digital portfolio that showcases solid skills across a variety of projects, including work that has been seen and used successfully in actual products. (Portfolio link required when applying.)

LI-Hybrid
LI-JB2
 What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 