Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.We are looking for a compliance analyst to join our GRC team and help us achieve our compliance measures. In this role you will be responsible for facilitating SOX and operational control activities, and for documentation across all SOX domains as well as for other control compliance requirements, as needed.  You will be a subject matter expert on best practices for BT controls.
Responsibilities:

Coordinate with system owners and own process of quarterly access reviews, change reviews and annual profile reviews
Function as a liaison between process owners, and internal and external auditors 
Ensure appropriate documentation of internal controls to comply with SOX requirements and internal policies
Collect, review and analyze data from information systems
Manage BT SOX internal control and process risk assessments to include planning, walkthrough and testing for BT controls
Collaborate with the system owners, and internal, and external audit teams to lead, plan, and execute SOX compliance
Identify any gaps in BT controls, establish a process to communicate gaps to relevant parties, and track remediation to closure
Design and implement BT Controls, Policies and Procedures
Perform risk assessments, monitor control deficiencies, and support management in the development of remediation plans to address deficiencies in a timely manner
Research, recommend and implement best practices in SOX compliance for continuous improvement of the program

Qualifications:

Technical Bachelors Degree 
3 Years SOX program management experience
Detailed knowledge of internal control and compliance frameworks
Experience and thorough understanding of SOX review requirements and coordination (User Access Reviews, Change Reviews, Profile Reviews, etc.)
Attention to detail  thoroughness
Ability to stay organized in performing multiple tasks at once
Ability to comfortably work in and move between both Excel and Sheets
Salesforce knowledgeexperience ideal
Good communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills to be able to interact with technical and non-technical colleagues and management
Comfortable leading projects and advising at the exec level 

 What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 