Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.As part of our vision to Free Everyone to Safely Connect to Technology, Okta is investing in new capabilities and products that help B2B SaaS products connect to their enterprise customers.  This is a unique opportunity to leverage Oktas reach and scale, and existing Okta Integration Network (https:www.okta.comintegrations), to drive the next wave of safe and secure B2B SaaS just like we did with Single Sign On years ago.
We are looking for a Staff Engineer to join an innovative and fast moving team within Okta to prototype and build a new set of developer facing products to achieve this mission.
You will:

AnalyzeRefine Requirements with Product Management
Work with user experience designers and system architects to scope and plan engineering efforts and dependencies.
Develop reusable components to enable other teams to easily implement UIs with rich and consistent look and feel.
Develop APIs and SDKs that developers love
Create a rapid prototype to validate ideas.
Develop unit and functional tests.
Troubleshoot customer issues.

 You might be a good fit if you:

Have 3-5 years of software development experience.
Proficient in Java, Typescript, or Node.
Proficient in React or similar front-end UI stacks
Demonstrable knowledge of TCPIP and HTTP fundamentals.
Have experience working with Redis, MongoDB, Kafka andor PostgreSQL.
Deliver work incrementally to get feedback and iterate over solutions.
Have a passion and interest to work on systems that are highly reliable, maintainable, scalable and secure.
Bring the right attitude to the team: ownership, accountability, attention to detail, and customer focus.
Are comfortable working on a fully-distributed team.

Extra Points:

Familiarity with gRPC.
Experience with authnauthz such as OAuth
Have built production quality integrations to third party services
Have an understanding of Kubernetes and containerization.
Have experience deploying solutions to AWS andor Azure.

 
LI-CH1
LI-RemoteBelow is the annual base salary range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus.   The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:158,000—221,000 USD                                The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:  175,000—245,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 