Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.At Okta, were always pushing the bounds of the entire identity landscape. Data is a critical component of our product and our mission as a data store team is to provide a highly available, reliable, secure and performant transactional persistent data layer which we do by leveraging our vast experience and through the skillful use of automation. We are looking for a Staff Database Reliability Engineer (DBRE) to join our team and bring further expertise working in large-scale environments with zero downtime to further help us on our mission.
We would love to hear from you if you are passionate about solving problems at scale with automation, testing, and tuning. The ideal candidate exemplifies the ethics of, If you have to do something more than once, automate it and who can rapidly self-educate on new concepts and tooling.  
What you will be working on:
As a Database Reliability Engineer, you will have ownership of all technical aspects of our data services tier from ground up. As a team we are also particularly committed to two Okta Engineering mantras Always On and No Mysteries. Reporting to the Manager of Site Reliability Engineering, you will partner with our core product engineers, performance engineers, site reliability engineers, and growing DBRE team, working on scaling, securing, and tuning our infrastructure be it self managed MySQL, RDS Aurora PostgreSQLMySQL or CloudSQL. Additionally, you will play a key role as we evolve our architecture to meet the demands of Oktas enormous growth and the hundreds of millions of users who rely on us to provide uninterrupted access to business-critical enterprise and consumer applications.

Ensure effective performance and 24X7 availability of the production database tier
Design, automate and document operational processes, tasks, and configuration management.
Coordinate efforts towards performance tuning, scaling and benchmarking the data services infrastructure.
Contribute to automation amongst other things using ansible plays, configuration management using chef and infrastructure as code using terraform.

What do you bring to Okta:

First and foremost a positive team playing attitude - we are a team and we support each other so we can provide the best service for our customers.
Extensive experience managing MySQL 5.78, PostgreSQL 11-15  at scale in a cloud environment as well as RDS Aurora MySQLPostgreSQL and or CloudSQL
Proficient in a Linux environment, including Linux internals and tuning
Proficiency with terraform, chef, ansible
Proficient writing GoPythonRubyShell
Experience working with AWS (EC2  EBS  S3  RDS) or equivalent 

LI-Hybrid
LI-LR1What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 