Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Okta is an identity company. Identity matters because were all unique. We were raised in different countries, cities, and towns. We have unique backgrounds. Weve faced specific challenges. And weve learned a lot along the way. At Okta we believe those experiences equip us to look at the world with our own perspective. Our SaaS product protects your right to be you, and we want every single one of our employees to feel a sense of belonging, acceptance and comfort to express their ideas, because ultimately our differences are what makes us great. And guess what? You could join us because
Oktas Middle East sales team is growing!
The Middle East Sales Organisation is a small but mighty team of entrepreneurial and driven sales professionals leading Okta expansion in Middle Eastern countries positioning us as a market leader. In doing so they are leveraging Oktas existing customer references, marketing programs, partner base and ISV  alliance relationships. Due to our success in the region we are looking to further grow our presence in the Middle East!
As an Okta Corporate Account Executive you will:

Develop and execute sales strategies and tactics to generate pipeline, drive sales opportunities and deliver repeatable and predictable bookings.
Embrace to Oktas 1 core value, to always love our customers.
Generate new business with the Middle Easts largest organisations.
Position Okta at both the functional and business value level with target stakeholders.
Uncover business initiatives and pain points to map back our solutions across multiple lines of business.
Champion Okta to prospective clients at sales presentations, site visits and product demonstrations.

Track record of navigating within mid-market and corporate organisations.

Sell on value and return on investment vs. technical functionality.
Build effective working partnerships with your Okta colleagues (channel partners, sales engineering, business value management, customer first  many more!) with humility and enthusiasm.

You could be a great fit for this role if you have:

3-5 years Experience in the tech space preferable.
Are based in Dublin, Ireland. 
Are Customer centric and passionate about putting the customer at the centre of everything you do. 
Strong account management skills building trusted strategic relationships with existing customers.  
Are a new business hunter who takes ownership in building pipeline, managing and closing your own opportunities.
Passion for technology and how it can help organisations compete and thrive in the Digital Age.
Excitement about the opportunity to join the Middle East team at an exciting and fast-growing SaaS provider.
Meticulous territory and account planning focus. 
A track record of success selling Software-as-a-Service andor Cloud Computing services to the largest and most complex organisations in the Middle East.
Strong C-Level presence, negotiation and closing skills.
Experience in value-based selling at seniorC-Level.
A reputation as a trusted business partner to your peers in the local reseller and system integrator community.
Excellent communications skills, both verbal and written. 
The ability to travel to our Middle East customer  partner sites, along with visits to our EMEA HQ in London, and our US HQ in San Francisco.
Arabic language is preferable but not essential.

Apply now to continue the conversation.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer.What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 