Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Customer Identity Cloud, an Okta business unit, is an easy-to-implement, adaptable authentication and authorization platform. If you are a problem solver wanting to improve the lives of our developers, look no further - the DX domain is where you want to be. Our domains mission is to provide a best-in-class developer experience for customers to enhance their end-users identity journey.
 
Senior Privacy Engineer
 
Responsibilities 

Partner closely with cross-functional partners across Engineering, Legal, Data and Product to embed sound technical privacy practices in everything we ship and help uncover risks before they become issues;
Contribute towards development of new privacy features, tools, and scalable solutions to optimize the work of the Privacy Engineering team and enable us to deliver privacy-centric solutions for our internal and external stakeholders
Foster a forum of data stewards to operate as an extended support team for privacy engineering initiatives. 
Collaborate with Privacy Engineering leadership for annual planning, prioritizations and progress management

 
Required Qualifications

B.S. or M.S. Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience
Possess foundational knowledge, including the ability to write SQL queries, manage databases, and perform basic data analysis.
Privacy domain knowledge including an ability to identify common hurdles to and solutions for effective data privacy and security
Coding and code review experience in one or more general purpose language, including the ability to create simple programs and scripts along with diagnostic and troubleshooting skills
Ability to build relationships, collaborate, and influence stakeholders across multiple disciplines (engineering, legal, compliance, and data)
Ability to challenge the status quo while remaining pragmatic and championing trust with partners
Ability to evaluate new tools and processes to enhance data privacy capabilities
Ability to articulate complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences

 
Bonus Qualifications

Experience in privacy with one or more of the following privacy domains or technologies:

Privacy impact assessments, data inventory, user data protection, loss prevention, encryption, data anonymization, pseudonymization, 

Experience with data pipelines for large scale systems
Experience implementing data privacy in cloud environments (AWS, Azure) 
Experience implementing data privacy in large scale data system (Snowflake)
Experience implementing data privacy in NoSQL data stores including MongoDB
Knowledge of GDPR, CCPA  CPRA, or other privacy regulations
IAPP privacy certifications (e.g., CIPP, CIPM, CIPT)

Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
LI-Remote
LI-CS2What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 