Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.
The Engineering Opportunity
We are looking for an experienced Principal Reliability Engineer to join Oktas Workflows SRE (TFLO) team. Okta Workflows is the foundation for secure integration between cloud services. By harnessing the power of the cloud, Okta allows people to quickly integrate different services, while still enforcing strong security policies. With Okta Workflows, organizations can implement no-code or low-code workflows quickly, easily, at a large scale, and low total cost. Thousands of customers trust Okta Workflows to help their organizations work faster, boost revenue, and stay secure.
At Okta our motto is Always On, and nowhere do we embrace that more than in Oktas Infrastructure Platform pillar. We strive to build the most reliable and performant systems on the planet through the skillful use of automation. This role is ideal for someone who not only enjoys working on large scale cloud production systems and gains pride from seeing those systems handle anything the internet can throw at them. 
If you like to be challenged and have a passion for solving problems at scale with modern tooling, automation, testing, and tuning, then we would love to hear from you. The ideal candidate is someone who exemplifies the ethics of, If you have to do something more than once, automate it, and who can rapidly self-educate on new concepts and tools. 
What youll be doing 

Core contributor to Oktas FedRAMP initiative
Design, build, operate and lead Okta Workflows global production infrastructure
Daily coding, scripting, and development - Go, Terraform, Helm,  etc.
Support a highly available and large scale Kubernetes and AWS environment as part of an on-call rotation
Contribute to multi-cloud initiative, GCP
Engage with engineering teams across the company, guiding and empowering them to adopt best practices for reliable and secure service deployment
Research, own and deliver cross-team projects, while mentoring junior SREs
Bring clarity to design and solution discovery processes and guide teams on how to solve complex problems in as simple a way as possible
Collaborate closely with business leaders and decision-makers to understand their objectives, requirements, and vision for the product; translate these business requirements into strategies and solutions.
Implementing industry best practices as the industry matures
Identify manual processes and spearhead the development of cutting-edge automation tools to streamline operations
Lead our mission of building a more robust, elegant, and scalable system through the creation of innovative tools, platform capabilities, and comprehensive documentation.

What we are looking for

A strong individual contributor who leads by example
Technical excellence with Kubernetes deployments in either AWS andor GCP cloud environments
A proven track record of successful SRE engagements, collaborating closely with engineering teams across a wide range of infrastructure domains
Proficiency in distributed systems design, with a comprehensive understanding of failure modes, benefits, and potential drawbacks
Strong expertise with production services in multi -cloud environments, AWS andor GCP
Extensive experience with infrastructure-as-code tools such as Terraform
Strong proficiency in multiple programming languages, Golang preferred
In-depth knowledge of various types of data stores, particularly PostgreSQL, Redis, OpenSearch
Passionate about automation
Background with Linux systems administration
Solid understanding of networking concepts and IP protocols
Solid understanding of containers and the ecosystem surrounding them

Additional requirements:

This position requires the ability to access federal environments andor have access to protected federal data.  As a condition of employment for this position, the successful candidate must be able to submit documentation establishing U.S. Person status (e.g. a U.S. Citizen, National, Lawful Permanent Resident, Refugee, or Asylee. 22 CFR 120.15) upon hire.


LI-RemoteBelow is the annual base salary range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus.   The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:182,000—255,000 USD                                The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:  202,000—283,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 