Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Oktas Strategic Account Executive Sales Team is growing!
Position Description: Our Strategic Account Executives lead the sales process within an assigned territory of new logos for prospective Fortune 500 accounts and regional consultant influencers.
We need a Strategic Account Executive who will continually ensure assigned territory developing new logos and profitability within Fortune 500 accounts by developing solid business relationships with new and existing clients for Okta. You will plan and execute strategies and sales tactics in the following areas: generating new logos, territory planning, pre-request for proposal prospecting, relationship development, pricing, presentation and delivery (finalist or other), negotiations, closing and executing contracts.
We also require a Strategic Account Executive that can identify new business leads that fit within ideal client profiles to market the companys products and services that will meet potential clients needs. You will initiate contact and follow-up on sales meetings, meet sales objectives and targets at profitable rates, move prospects into implementation, and meet established sales goals and quota schedule per plan years objectives. You will work with sales support to initiate customized proposals and communication for prospective clients and develop familiarity with potential clients to best meet their needs and to field inquiries.
Are you passionate about technology and making your customers successful, and do you have the ability to articulate the value and return on investment of an enterprise solution across multiple decision makers? Do you want to help bring Okta to the next level? Are you looking to be on a rocket ship with 40 YOY growth?  If you answered yes to these questions then this could be the role for you, are you up for the challenge.  We are seeking a passionate, results oriented, solution sales professional to drive new revenue growth calling on Fortune 500 accounts.  Strategic Account Executives are individual contributors who play a vital role in driving a significant share of revenue for Okta.
We provide our reps with an environment in which they can make valuable contributions from day one while also building opportunities for learning and growth. The work youll do will directly impact the experience of our customers.
As an Okta Strategic Account Executive you will:

You will establish a vision and plan to guide your long-term approach to new logo pipeline generation within a defined territory of 6-8 Fortune 500 accounts.
You will consistently deliver ARR revenue targets to support 40 YOY growth  dedication to the number and to deadlines.
Develop and execute consultativesolution sales strategies and tactics to generate pipeline, drive sales opportunities and deliver repeatable and predictable bookings.
Land, adopt, expand, and deepen sales opportunities with Fortune 500 accounts in your region
Explore the full spectrum of relationships and business possibilities across the clients entire org chart.
Become known as a thought-leader in Oktas platform.
Expand relationships and orchestrate complex deals across more diverse business stake-holders.
Embrace to Oktas 1 core value to always love our customers.
Holistically embrace, access, and utilize the channelalliances to identify and open new, uncharted opportunities.
Work as a team for the most efficient use and deployment of resources. Provide timely and insightful input back to other corporate functions.
Position Okta at both the functional and business value level with target stakeholders.
Champion Okta to prospective clients at sales presentations, site visits, and product demonstrations
Build effective working partnerships with your Okta colleagues (channel partners, sales engineering, business value management, customer first and many more globally) with humility and enthusiasm.

You could be a great fit for this role if you have:

You will have 12 years of a consistent track record of employment with direct field sales experience developing new logos selling enterprise cloud software to Fortune 500 companies.
You have previous experience utilizing partners, channels, and alliances to sell more successfully and overachieve your quota.
You have sold similar complex cloud software solutions and have experience in any of the following: enterprise CloudSaaS software or infrastructure management, application development and management, business applications, andor analytics.
You have a measurable track record in new business development and over achieving sales targets.
Experience in selling complex enterprise software solutions and ability to adapt in high growth, fast-growing, and changing environments and can adapt quickly.
Experience in successfully selling during market creation phase.
Proven track record of successfully closing six-seven figure software cloud deals with prospects and customers in the defined territory.
Experience in the C suite, strong executive presence and polish, and excellent listening skills.
Experience with target account selling, solution selling, andor consultative sales techniques; knowledge of MEDDIC and Challenger methodologies is a plus.
Bachelors degree preferred.

LI-RemoteBelow is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus. The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:264,000—396,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 