Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The BT People Technology Team
Business Technology is on a mission to accelerate Oktas scale and growth. We bring world-class business acumen and technology expertise to every interaction. We also drive cross-functional collaboration and are focused on delivering measurable business outcomes.
The Business Technology (BT) People Technology team is responsible for managing all applications supporting Oktas business operations.
The Product Analyst, Workday Opportunity
Join our Enterprise Product Team as a Product Analyst specializing in Workday. Youll play a pivotal role in enhancing the user experience, maximizing software value, and collaborating with various departments and global offices. If youre enthusiastic about problem-solving and automation-driven transformation, we want you on our team!
What youll be doing 

Help our team ensure data accuracy and seamless ongoing enhancements of new Workday featuresfunctionality. 
Perform the following on an engagement: understand business requirements, configure the Workday solution, demonstrate the configurations through the development of testing systems, assist the product owners and business in testing the Workday solution
Be comfortable and confident in gathering configuration requirements and problem- solving with product managers and business stakeholders.
Assist with broadening internal knowledge of Workday configuration through hands on training to cross-functional teams
Play a supporting role in data gathering, testing, and communication with key stakeholders and internal Business Systems teams
Provide a proactive interface between business partner groups and the Workday team to ensure effective coordination and delivery of Workday implementations
Build reports to support both domestically and internationally for various areas of the Workday product
Ability to problem solve and propose multiple solutions for business requirements within Workday
Manage Workday upgrades and implement new and revised functionality within Workday.

What youll bring to the role

2 years Workday experience
Have a working knowledge of two or more of the following:  Payroll, Benefits, Core HCM, Security Administration, Integrations, Time Tracking, Talent, Absence, Compensation, Business Process Configuration, and Report Writer
Ability and desire to learn about and expand your expertise to encompass new areas of Workday
Advanced working knowledge of MS Excel
Ability to work in a diverse, fast paced environment and effectively collaborate across teams
Project management experience supporting the deployment of features and functionality
Strong analytical, multitasking and interpersonal skills required
Exceptional people skills with demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with both a technical audience and business users

And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following! 

Workday PECI, CCB, API and RaaS experience.
Workday Settlement and banking integration experience.
Workday Expenses experience
EIBs and calculated fields a plus
Hands-on experience developing and enhancing custom reports and dashboards in SaaS or enterprise systems

LI-Hybrid
LI-RA1What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 