Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Commission Analyst
Okta is looking for a highly motivated Commission Analyst to take a role in driving our sales commission plans, calculations, and audit accuracy. Reporting to the Commissions Operations Manager, this role will be working cross-functionally with the Sales Org, Sales Ops, Financial Planning  Analysis, Accounting, Payroll, Legal, and HR teams.  This role will be responsible for bonus calculations, commission inquiries, reporting, and analysis.  This role will be required to work in US (Pacific Time) hours (9:00pm - 6:00am IST).
 
What youll be doing 

Prepare system uploads, calculate, and reconcile the commissions payout in accordance with Oktas monthlyquarterly cadence
Assist in onboarding new hires, promotions, and terminations in Xactly
Create, distribute and track completeness of sales compensation plans sign-off from sales personnel to ensure compliance with company policies
Act as Point of Contact for all commissions related questions and provide thorough and timely answers to the sales and sales management teams and maintain regular customer service via ServiceNow tickets
Effective communicator who can take complex logic and scenarios and describe them simply and clearly to various internal parties
Develop, maintain, and update tool necessary to sales commissions reporting
Create and maintain documentation to effectively manage all sales commission processes
Provide cross-functional support regarding commissions related inquiries and requests
Maintain, document, and adhere to internal controls to ensure Sox and policy compliance
Ad Hoc projects and requests, as needed

 
What youll bring to the role

1 years of high-tech company experience (SaaSCloud model preferred) in Finance or accounting with minimum 1-2 years experience as commissions administrator
BSBA in accounting, finance, economics, or other quantitative fields preferred
Minimum of 1-2 years experience with Xactly or similar compensation tool is highly preferred
Very strong Microsoft Excel skills and passion for new technologies
Experience with CRMHRIS systems like Salesforce and Workday is preferred
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
A team player with a positive, can do attitude

 
LI-CM
 
 What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 