Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Okta is an identity company. Identity matters because were all unique. We were raised in different countries, cities, and towns. We have unique backgrounds. Weve faced specific challenges. And weve learned a lot along the way. At Okta we believe those experiences equip us to look at the world with our own perspective. Our SaaS product protects your right to be you, and we want every single one of our employees to feel a sense of belonging, acceptance and comfort to express their ideas, because ultimately our differences are what makes us great. And guess what? You could join us because
The DACH Emerging Sales team is growing!
Okta EMEA sales organisation are a team of entrepreneurial and driven sales professionals and they are playing a key role in the expansion of Okta as we establish ourselves as a market leader in the DACH territory, leveraging Oktas existing customer references, marketing programs, partner base and ISV  alliance relationships.
The Emerging Account Executive at Okta is responsible for all aspects of new customer acquisition and growth including management of the sales process for customers below 500 employees in DACH.
As an Okta Emerging Account Executive you will:

Meet or exceed quarterly revenue targets
Develop and execute an actionable plan for the assigned territory
Individually prospect to build and manage a robust sales pipeline
Qualify sales opportunities based on Oktas sales methodology to assess customer fit, establish requirements and agree success criteria
Manage negotiations of both commercial terms and, in partnership with Oktas legal team, Master Service Agreement  Data Privacy Agreements
Work with customers beyond closing the initial agreement to accelerate customer adoption and create future upsell opportunities
Form long-term relationships with resell and system integrators partners to extend Oktas market reach  drive adoption
Develop long-term strategic relationships with key accounts to drive customer happiness
Travel as necessary, typically about 25

You could be a great fit for this role if you have:

Passion for technology and how it can help organisations compete and thrive in the Digital Age;
Excitement about the opportunity to join the DACH territory arm of an exciting and fast-growing SaaS provider;
A track record of success selling a Software-as-a-Service andor Cloud Computing services to the largest and most complex organisations in the UK
Experience in value-based selling at seniorC-Level in sub 500 employee base accounts 
A reputation as a trusted business partner for you peers in the local reseller and system integrator community
Excellent verbal and written communications skills;
The ability to travel, including customer  partner sites

 You might also have:

Understanding of and experience with Identity  Access Management, Single Sign-on and API-based solutions is always great but definitely not a must have
BScBA degree or equivalent (preferred but not essential)

Why us?
Okta is a progressive company that values you as an individual. We are committed to career progression, employee wellbeing and making a positive impact in our local communities.
Apply now to continue the conversation and speak with one of our recruiters.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
LI-REMOTE LI-SW2What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 