Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.

Position Description: The Area Sales Director, Strategic Sales is responsible for the development and business results of a team of quota-carrying Strategic Account Executives in their region. Each Strategic Account Executive is responsible for maintaining high activity standards; daily prospecting, pipeline growth, prospect qualification, and delivering assigned monthly sales revenue targets. The right Sales Leader for this position should have the ability to increase the productivity of account executives through skill development, adherence to activity standards, providing inspiration, rapid conflict resolution and building a highly empowered, constructive sales culture.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:

Lead the team of Strategic Account Executives in achieving individual and team quota
Support direct reports by participating and leading in client and prospect meetings or engaging other resources as required
Ongoing mentoring and development of sales team which includes recruiting, hiring and mentoring new reps
Conduct weekly forecast meetings
You will be reporting on sales activity and forecast to senior sales management
Consistently monitoring the sales activity of the team, and tracking the results
Quote, negotiate, and assist sales reps in closing highly complex transactions through the development of executive-level relationships with key prospects
Manage daily and weekly activities, pipelines, forecasts and closed deals to ensure above-quota results based on successful pipeline management
Coordinate and lead weekly and monthly one-on-one and team-wide pipeline reviews, meetings and training sessions to ensure ongoing improvement.
Work closely with extended team of pre-sales, services, training, legal, renewals business partners

Required Skills:

Demonstrated success in leading a high-performing enterprise sales team within a software sales environment
Experience of handling individual contributors
Successful track record in a high volume transaction sales environment
Excellent presentation and listening skills
Should be able to thrive in a very rapidly changing environment
Ability to successfully hire and train new sales representatives
Successful history of closing business, and over-achieving quota
Demonstrated ability to accurately forecast sales results
Ability to work in a fast-growing, exciting environment
Collaboration and good communication skills.
Ability to travel as needed



Oktas Top 5 Core Leadership Competencies are part of the deeply ingrained principles that guide all of our companys actions. They also align strongly to our cultural cornerstones, our Okta values: love our customers, empower our people, never stop innovating, act with integrity, and maintain transparency. Its our expectation that our managers and leaders embody these core competencies:

Builds Effective Teams: Building strong-identity teams that apply their diverse skills and perspectives to achieve common goals.          
Demonstrates Self-Awareness (EQ): Using a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses.
Develops Talent: Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organizations goals.
Drives Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances.
Strategic Mindset: Seeing ahead to future possibilities and translating them into breakthrough strategies.

 
LI-SD1  LI-HybridBelow is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus. The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:320,000—440,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 