Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Okta is the industry leader in Access Management and integrates with 7000 applications out-of-the-box to provide easy and secure single sign-on. We are seeking a Product Manager who will be part of an exciting opportunity to take the access management product to the next level.  Our vision is to enable everyone to safely use any technology using the Okta Identity Cloud. The ideal candidate will be someone with a strong technical background, and a willingness to learn and partner closely with engineers, architects, design, and other cross-functional product teams across Okta.  Your primary responsibilities in these areas will include:

Engage with customers to understand pain points with the Access Management platform and identify opportunities where Okta can help
Define and execute the roadmap for Federations and Authentication platform at Okta
Set product strategy and vision for your product area and evangelize the strategy to internal and external stakeholders
Define the product roadmap with the right prioritization trade-offs needed to ensure you are able to execute the product vision
Lead a scrum team of stellar engineers and deliver key features with high quality in the communicated timelines
Be a thought leader for your product area, and stay on top of the latest innovations and competitive landscape
Work with Product Marketing to clearly articulate Oktas differentiation versus market alternatives, and be a thought leader for the product area

Minimum Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
You are an ideal candidate for this position if:

You have 4 years of product management experience, preferably in Enterprise SaaS or IaaS 
You have developed a phased roadmap for complex or abstract projects, and executed the roadmap to deliver a product that customers loved
You have shipped products that are developer focussed or are familiar with the intricacies of shipping APIs for an existing product
You have direct experience or practical knowledge of identity-related concepts such as Single Sign-on, MFA, Authentication, and Authorization, and familiarity with standards like OIDC, SAML, and WebAuthn is a plus
You are customer obsessed, have an owner mindset, and drive towards outcomes with curiosity and team spirit.
You have a Bachelors degree or an MBA

Preferred Skills:

You are familiar with Okta and how the Okta technology works for Access and Identity Management
You are familiar with the competitive landscape in the Identity space; especially around technology like Active Directory, Azure AD, and other Access Management offerings in the market such as Ping, ForgeRock, etc.

LI-MM
LI-HybridBelow is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus. The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:140,000—189,000 USD                                         The OTE range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:156,000—211,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 