Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Enterprise Sales Team
Oktas sales organisation is a team of high-performing, entrepreneurial and driven sales professionals and they are playing a key role in the expansion of Okta as we establish ourselves as a market leader in the DACH region, leveraging Oktas existing customer references, marketing programs, partner base and ISV  alliance relationships.
The Enterprise Account Executive Opportunity
Reporting to the Enterprise Sales Director you will be focused on driving revenue in the Enterprise space in Germany. 
What youll be doing 

Develop and execute sales strategies and tactics to generate pipeline, drive sales opportunities and deliver repeatable and predictable bookings with large enterprise clients in Germany (4k to 20k employees);
Meet or exceed quarterly and annual revenue targets;
Embrace Oktas 1 core value to always love our customers;
Generate new business with the worlds largest organisations;
Position Okta at both the functional and business value level with target stakeholders;
Champion Okta to prospective clients at sales presentations, site visits and product demonstrations;
Build effective working partnerships with your Okta colleagues (channel partners, sales engineering, business value management, customer first  many more globally!) with humility and enthusiasm.

What youll bring to the role

Passion for technology and how it can help organisations compete and thrive in the Digital Age;
Excitement about the opportunity to join our DACH team at early stage of our growth in the region;
A track record of success selling a Software-as-a-Service andor Cloud Computing services to the largest and most complex organisations in the DACH Region;
Experience in value-based selling at seniorC-Level;
A reputation as a trusted business partner for you peers in the local reseller and system integrator community;
Excellent verbal and written communications skills;
Willingness to travel across Germany as required;
Fluency in German  English (both languages essential).

And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following! 

Understanding of and experience with Identity  Access Management, Single Sign-on and API-based solutions;
BScBA degree or equivalent (preferred but not essential).
Experience of MEDDIC sales methodology. 

LI-REMOTE LI-SW2What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 