Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Customer Success Management Team
Oktas Customer Success team is here to help our clients achieve the results they are looking for during the post-implementation phase. We support them as product experts and strategic advisors.
Oktas Customer Success team is here to help you achieve the results you want, even after youve implemented Okta. and strategic advisors.
 
The Customer Success Manager Opportunity
You will report to the Regional Manager of the Customer Success team in Japan and be responsible for complementing Oktas innovations, best practices and capabilities with our valued customers business objectives and priorities thereby driving higher business value and executive alignment between Okta and our customers.  You will be responsible for driving customer adoption and success by providing oversight, adoption recommendations, opportunities for greater service and risk management.  You will perform routine health checks and assist with business value assessment to ensure our customers, the most ROI from Okta. The success of this role means higher customer satisfaction, retention and expansion of Okta business.  
 
What youll be doing 

Serve as the primary point of contact post implementation. Assume overall customer adoption responsibility and escalation management role.
Develop a trusted advisor relationship with customer stakeholders and executive sponsors to drive product adoption and ensure they are leveraging the solution to achieve full business value.
Partner with internal Okta stakeholders to align account activities with the customers business case and strategy.
Prepare and educate customers on new features and releases.
Monitor and identify adoption and utilisation trends, provide recommendations based on risk and customers business needs. 
Conduct periodic customer health-checks.
Identify renewal risk and collaborate with internal teams to remediate and ensure a successful renewal.
Serve as the voice of the customer and collect feedback to drive continuous improvement across all areas including product.
Work with the sales team to properly sell and positions Success Services.
Answer technical questions from customers in the post implementation phase.
Active discussion on day-to-day technical requirementsissues with the customer, and based on research of available information, propose a viable solutioncapability to address the requirementsissues.

 
What youll bring to the role

Demonstrated customer success experience.
General knowledge of cloud architecture as well as on-premise IT landscape.
Experience in consulting and implementation of IT systems preferably cloud service.
Knowledge of enterprise web technologies, security and cutting-edge infrastructures.
Comfortable and willing to be a hands-on contributor.

 
And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following! 

Experience with SaaS vendors is preferred.
What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 