Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Workforce Identity Cloud
Okta Workforce Identity Cloud (WIC) provides easy, secure access for your workforce so you can focus on other strategic priorities—like reducing costs, and doing more for your customers.
If you like to be challenged and have a passion for solving large-scale automation, testing, and tuning problems, we would love to hear from you. The ideal candidate is someone who exemplifies the ethics of, If you have to do something more than once, automate it and who can rapidly self-educate on new concepts and tools.
What youll be doing 

Designing, building, running, and monitoring Oktas production infrastructure
Be an evangelist for security best practices and also lead initiativesprojects to strengthen our security posture for critical infrastructure
Responding to production incidents and determining how we can prevent them in the future
Triaging and troubleshooting complex production issues to ensure reliability and performance
Identifying and automating manual processes
Continuously evolving our monitoring tools and platform
Promoting and applying best practices for building scalable and reliable services across engineering
Developing and maintaining technical documentation, runbooks, and procedures
Supporting a 24x7 online environment as part of an on-call rotation
Be a technical SME for a team that designs and builds Oktas production infrastructure, focusing on security at scale in the cloud.

What youll bring to the role

Are always willing to go the extra mile: see a problem, fix the problem.
Are passionate about encouraging the development of engineering peers and leading by example.
Have experience automating, securing, and running large-scale production JavaTomcat and containerized services in AWS (EC2, ECS, KMS, Kinesis, RDS) or other cloud providers.
Have deep knowledge of CICD principles, Linux fundamentals, OS hardening, networking concepts, and IP protocols.
Have a deep understanding and familiarity with configuration management tools like Chef, Terraform, and Ansible.
Have expert-level abilities in operational tooling languages such as Ruby, Python, Go and shell, and use of source control.
Experience with industry-standard security tools like Nessus and OSQuery.
Understand MySQL, including replication and clustering strategies, and are familiar with data stores such as DynamoDB, Redis, Cassandra, and Elasticsearch.

Experience in the following 

6 years of experience architecting and running complex AWS or other cloud networking infrastructure resources
6 years of experience with Ansible, Chef, and Terraform
Strong leadership skills
Strong Linux understanding and experience.
Strong security background and knowledge.
BS In computer science (or equivalent experience).

LI-LR1What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 