Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Position Description:
We are in search of a top tier Staff Accountant to join our Compensation GL team. The ideal candidate is a detailed-oriented, self-motivated team player, who enjoys working in a challenging and fast-paced environment. This individual should have a solid working knowledge of GAAP, SEC regulations, and internal controls and will be responsible for the timely and accurate recording of compensation and benefits related activities of the company. Additionally, this role will be responsible for supporting the month-end close process, SOX compliance control execution and quarterly  annual audit process, as well as identifying and driving project-based work to provide process efficiencies for the team. This role will be required to work the hours of 7:00pm-4:00am IST to align with the working schedule of our APAC and EMEA GL teams. This individual will be reporting to the International Compensation Accounting Manager.
 
JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Perform various GL month-end close activities for the Okta Global entities, including preparation of journal entries, compensation accruals, intercompany transactions in multicurrencies, and accrued compensation balance sheet reconciliations
Support monthly and semi-monthly payroll cycles with the recording of needed journal entries
Prepare journal entries for cash accounts and perform reconciliation on a regular basis
Responsible for the preparation of the vacation accruals for the Okta International Entities
Prepare month-end closing journal entries, including resolving discrepancies and ensuring entries are in accordance with US GAAP, IFRS, FRS and Local GAAP
Prepare PL and Balance Sheet fluctuation analyses
Assist in implementing new accounting policies, controls and procedures
Ensure SOX and policy compliance
Assist in preparing internal and external financial reporting schedules
Provide a high level of customer service with finance and non-finance business partners
Maintain strong and productive relationships with People team, including Payroll, Benefits, Operations, Finance, Stock Admin, Legal and other internal stakeholders
Support the quarterly reviews and annual audit requests and inquiries from our external auditors
Flexibility to adapt and absorb other GL related activities as necessary to accommodate the needs of the teamorganization.
Ad hoc accounting projects and requests, as needed

QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree, with an emphasis in Accounting or Finance
3-5 years of combined public accounting and private industry at a publicly traded company
Certified Accountant (CA) or CA candidate a plus
Experience with the operations and related accounting for payroll, cash, bonus, and commissions.
Knowledge of deferred commissions and stock-based compensation would be beneficial
Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, Powerpoint)
Experience with Google Suite preferred
Experience with NetSuite preferred, or related accounting software
Experience using Workday, ADP, SafeGuard or other comparable payroll software a plus
Knowledge and application of US GAAP, IFRS, FRS, Local GAAP, SEC regulations, and SOXinternal controls
Strong problem solving, analytical, and organizational skills
Ability to identify, follow-up and resolve discrepancies timely
Strong attention to detail     
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal
Strong team player, who builds positive work relationships across the organization
Ability to adhere to deadlines in a fast-paced environment, without sacrificing accuracy
Strong systems knowledge, including the ability to quickly learn new systems

LI-CMWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 