Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.We are looking for a Staff Software engineer who is passionate about writing the tools to integrate and support to build large-scale, high-demand software in a fast-paced agile environment. You will share our passion for test-driven development, continuous integration and automation to produce frequent high-quality releases.
 
The Opportunity
Our engineering team is fast, innovative and flexible; with a weekly release cycle and individual ownership. We expect great things from our engineers and reward them with stimulating new projects, emerging technologies and the chance to be part of a company that is changing the cloud computing landscape forever. 
You will get an opportunity to work in scaling our infrastructure to the next generation. Our scale is already huge in running tens of thousands of tests for every commit automatically. This comes with challenges in speed by reducing compute time from days to a few minutes.
 
What youll be doing 

You will be part of the team that builds, maintains, and improves our highly-automated build, release and testing infrastructure. 
Scripting, tools-building, and automation are paramount to Okta Engineering; everybody automates. You will be creating and coding tools for internal use to support continuous delivery. - Team up with Development, QA and OPS to continuously innovate and enhance our build and automation infrastructure 
Collaborate with peers and stake-holders to create new toolsprocesstechnology. We use the latest technology from AWS and you can experiment, recommend, and implement new technologies in our build and CI system. 
Work with internal customers to roll-out projects and process, monitor adoption, collect feedback, and fine-tune the project to respond to internal customers needs

 
What youll bring to the role

Experience in developing Continuous Delivery pipelines for a diverse set of projects using Java, Jenkins, AWS, Docker, Python, Ruby, Bash, and more 
Solid understanding of CICD release pipelines.
Exposure to cloud infrastructures, such as AWS, GCP or Azure 
Experience working with Gradle, Bazel, Artifactory, Docker registry, npm registry - Experience with AWS, its services, and its supporting tools (cost control, reporting, environment management). 
Ability to coordinate cross-functional work toward task completion. 
B.S. in CS or equivalent

 
And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following! 

Experience in Kubernetes is a plus

 
LI-Hybrid
LI-LSS1What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 