Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.
Okta is in profitable growth mode. We are seeking a Sr. Finance Manager who will be a key player in driving and effectively scaling Oktas rapid growth.  This person will be part of the Go to Market (GTM) Finance team that supports executive-level business partners and their respective teams within the Okta Chief Revenue Officer organization for the EMEAAPJ region on all planning, forecasting, and analysis activities.  This is a fantastic opportunity for a candidate that wants to be part of a dynamic FPA organization that is operating at an accelerated pace and scaling for the future. 
The ideal candidate is highly motivated, a team player, a confident business partner, capable of driving action cross-functionally, analytical, and outstanding at FPA.  This person is comfortable operating at all levels, with an eye on the strategic big picture, while skillfully managing the financial details. 
Job Duties and Responsibilities:

Be a strategic financial partner to the extended Okta EMEAAPJ CRO leadership team 
Own the budgeting and forecasting processes for the groups, including:

Partnering with business partners to ensure accuracy for headcount, salessales engineeringglobal alliances commissions, program spend, and other key metrics based on operational performance
Preparing budget vs. actual variance analysis and other relevant reporting
Leading thoughtful analysis, evaluating key drivers and metrics, and partnering on driving operational efficiencies
Collaborating with the controllership organization on accruals as well as other elements of the close process

Develop monthlyquarterly management reports regarding the underlying performance, leading indicators, validation of plan assumptions, and key metrics on the business
Partner in the corporate LRP (long-range planning), as applicable
Facilitate and drive frequent ad hoc as well as targeted projects to support senior management on business decisions
Leadsupport process and systems improvement and scaling projects for your area and partner on cross-functional teams to drive the companys continued growth and scaling.

Skills Required:

Analytical Skills: Ability to work independently, think objectively, and interpret meaningful and insightful narratives from both quantitative as well as qualitative data
Financial and Business Acumen:  Ability to evaluate financial and business indicators and translate as well as distill data into actionable information to drive results
Problem Solving  Decision Quality:  Ability to apply rigorous logic and sound methods to solve multi-faceted problems with effective solutions
Relationship Management:  Able to build constructive and effective relationships with a broad and diverse group of business partners, inclusive of senior members of management
Ability to influence at all levels, with a demonstrated aptitude to work effectively within a matrixed team across multiple functional areas and be assertive in driving successful management strategies
Presentation Skills:  Effective in a variety of presentation settings including one-on-one, small, and large groups.

Job Requirements:

Able and willing to work in the US (Pacific Time) hours as needed. 
Minimum 8 years of progressive experience in FPA with a minimum of 3 years experience in GTM FPA
Excellent financial data management, modeling, and analysis skills
Advanced ExcelGSheets and PowerPointGSlides skills
Ability to work independently and manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment
Anaplan and Tableau experience is a plus
Experience in a high-growth global high-techsoftwareSaaS organization is a plus
Advanced Excel and strong PowerPoint skills are required
Prior experience in a high-growth high techsoftwareSaaS organization is a plus

 
LI-MT1
LI-Onsite
 
What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 