Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.
We are seeking an experienced Senior Financial Analyst who will be a key player in, and is truly excited about, driving and effectively scaling Oktas rapid growth.  This person will report into the Finance Manager, MA and GA and will partner with senior leadership and their teams for Benefits on all planning, forecasting, and analysis activities.  This is a fantastic opportunity for a candidate that wants to be part of a dynamic FPA organization that is operating at an accelerated pace and scaling for the future.  
The ideal candidate is highly motivated, a team player, a confident business partner, capable of driving action cross functionally, analytical, and outstanding at FPA. This person is comfortable operating at all levels, with eyes on the strategic big picture, while skillfully managing the financial details. 
 
Job Duties and Responsibilities:

Partner with the Total Rewards leaders to model, forecast, and analyze global benefits
Own the short-term, medium-term and annual planning and forecasting processes for this function, including: 

Partnering with business to ensure accuracy for spend based on operational performance
Preparing budget vs. actual variance analysis and other relevant reporting 
Leading thoughtful analysis, evaluating key drivers and metrics, and partnering on driving operational efficiencies
Collaborating with the controllership and procurement organization on benefits accruals, benefits accounting, close process and other spend and compliance topics
Evolving these processes, as needed

Participate in the companys long-range strategic planning, as applicable
Participate in and manage frequent ad hoc projects  analyses, including MA and across GA, to support senior management and business decisions 
Lead process and systems improvement and scaling projects and partner on cross functional teams, to drive the companys continued growth and scaling  
Work US hours during monthquarter close periods

Required Skills and Experience:

3 years of FPA experience
Excellent financial modeling and analysis skills
Advanced Excel and strong PowerPoint or Google Slides skills are required
Excellent communication and influencing skills, both written and verbal
Prior experience in a high-growth high techsoftwareSaaS organization is a plus
Anaplan and Tableau experience is a plus

 LI-MT1LI-Onsite
What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 