Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The charter of the Identity Management Platform organization at Okta is to provide a unified control plane that enables any company to use any technology by connecting the right identities with the right resources at the right time seamlessly and securely. 
Engineering leaders at Okta are hand-on! As an Engineering Manager in the IdM Platform team you will focus on Identity Lifecycle Management(users, groups, memberships), persistent store infrastructure and scalability and security. You will own a global cloud service, with stringent performance, reliability and scalability requirements. You will lead a team of elite engineers, grow the team, and drive impact and customer satisfaction. You will engage with teams in North America for planning, roadmap alignment and integrations. You will drive engineering best practices, productivity enhancements, and make our elite engineering team shine. You also share great pride in ideating elegant solutions and strongly believe in designing for scale, rigorous code reviews, automated testing, and an iterative process to build high-quality next generation cloud software. 
This is an exciting opportunity for a hands-on engineering leader to start on the ground floor and build up, with a potential for tremendous growth opportunities. Okta India Innovation Center in Bengaluru has just taken off and we are looking forward to growing the team in all product areas  operations. 
This is a hybrid-work opportunity with the requirement of 2-3 days of in-person presence in the Bengaluru office.
What youll be doing

Recruit, mentor, coach and guide a team of talented engineers passionate about building products  services that make a difference
Establish clear priorities, expectations, and accountability for individuals and teams
Actively engage in engineering processes by participating in design, architecture and code reviews to ensure deliverables are aligned with customer requirements
Communicate  collaborate with stakeholders in product management, architecture and technical program managers to help define and refine product roadmap
Drive the execution and delivery of product features with high quality by working with cross-functional teams, System Architects, QA, and Documentation teams
Provide regular constructive feedback, technical guidance, coaching and mentoring to team members and enable them to grow professionally in the company

 
What youll bring

5 years hands-on experience building high-quality enterprise software on the cloud using JavaGolang, REST API, JSON
5 years of leadership and management experience in a high growth company
Ability to communicate concisely yet effectively
Experience working with globally distributed cross-functional teams to define, plan, execute and successfully deliver cross-cutting product features and solutions
Bachelors degree majoring in Computer Science or similar

Nice to haves

Experience with cloud computing providers such as AWSGCPAzure
Experience with Identity protocols such as OAuth, OIDC, SAML, SCIM
Experience with protocols HTTP, HTTPS, REST 
Experience with agile methodologies 
Passionate about building highly secure products and solutions 

Oktas Top 5 Core Leadership Competencies are part of the deeply ingrained principles that guide all of our companys actions. They also align strongly to our cultural cornerstones, our Okta values: love our customers, empower our people, never stop innovating, act with integrity, and maintain transparency. Its our expectation that our managers and leaders embody these core competencies:

Builds Effective Teams: Building strong-identity teams that apply their diverse skills and perspectives to achieve common goals.          
Demonstrates Self-Awareness (EQ): Using a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses.
Develops Talent: Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organizations goals.
Drives Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances.
Strategic Mindset: Seeing ahead to future possibilities and translating them into breakthrough strategies.

LI-MM5
 What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 