Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Federal Sales Team
We are seeking a passionate, results oriented, sales professional to drive revenue growth calling on Federal accounts.  Our Federal Sales Managers are individual contributors who play a vital role in driving a significant share of revenue for Okta. We provide our reps with an environment in which they can make valuable contributions from day one while also building opportunities for learning and growth. 
The Federal Sales Manager Opportunity
Reporting to the Director of Civilian Healthcare, this Sr. level role will drive the sales process within NASA, as well as other accounts within the Civilian agencies market.
What youll be doing 

Develop new and existing Federal accounts within NASA and other Civilian agencies. 
Work closely with internal and external partners to extend reach and drive adoption
Moderate travel as needed, specifically to the DC area

What youll bring to the role

5 year proven experience selling technology into Civilian Agencies, with an emphasis in NASA
Proven track record of delivering sales of complex services and solutions in a competitive environment with the ability to close sales through effective sales and negotiation methods
Strong verbal and written communications skills, with the ability to demonstrate a connection to Oktas vision and values

And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following! 

SaaS
Cloud First 
Security

Additional requirements:

This position requires the ability to access federal environments andor have access to protected federal data.  As a condition of employment for this position, the successful candidate must be able to submit documentation establishing U.S. Person status (e.g. a U.S. Citizen, National, Lawful Permanent Resident, Refugee, or Asylee. 22 CFR 120.15) upon hire.

LI-Hybrid 
LI-CMBelow is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus. The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:264,000—396,000 USD                                         The OTE range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:264,000—396,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 