Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The APJ Professional Services Team
The APJ Professional Services Team helps customers across ANZ, Asia and Japan realise the value of their Okta investment by accelerating time-to-value, using our processes, assets and expertise to implement Oktas products to solve complex identity challenges. Our team sits within the Customer First area - focused on ensuring the long term success of our customers.
 
The Senior Consultant Opportunity
Reporting to the Senior Manager, Architecture, this role will be tasked with providing hands-on implementation services to our customers. We are looking for an experienced, enthusiastic and hands-on consultant who can rapidly learn the Okta products and the value proposition that we bring to customers of all sizes. You will lead the technical implementation across multiple concurrent customer projects with the number one goal to ensure long-term customer success. Additionally, you will collaborate with the full Customer Success team in order to assure a smooth transition post-deployment, through to the supportmaintenance phase. Finally, you will also embody the culture of our team by contributing to the continuous improvement of delivery processes and innovative technical solutions.
 
What youll be doing 

Work hands-on with Okta customers, primarily in a post-sales role, to provide innovative consulting and technical implementation services.
Perform design, configuration, and troubleshooting of the Okta products.
Be proactive in providing outstanding design and implementation advice resulting in outstanding customer satisfaction.
Provide high-quality service and leadership to align with customer goals and requests.
Mentor and train customers on the Okta products, throughout the implementation phase of a project.
Act as a liaison between Customers and Product Management to drive product enhancements.
Lead interaction and collaboration with other Okta teams such as Engineering and Support, as needed, to address escalated issues.
Collaborate with the sales team on existing customers up-sell and cross-sell opportunities.
Shape and influence Oktas growth and scalability, by designing new service offerings, and finding new ways to deliver amazing customer satisfaction.
Manage multiple concurrent implementation projects.
Provide mentoring, guidance, and expertise to less experienced team members or knowledge sharing amongst team members.
Contribute to and use our knowledge repository of implementation best practices.
Enhance the quality and repeatability of service delivery.

What youll bring to the role

3 years of experience in implementing Identity and Access Management (IAM) solutions.
Understanding of IAM, IGA and PAM concepts and best practices.
Excellent communication skills, including engaging with others easily and communicating technical information to non-technical stakeholders.
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively, supporting the development of client deliverables.
You have previously worked in large, complex IT environments.
Ability to multitask and context switch throughout the day.
You can handle high-pressure situations with patience and composure.
You have a high level of proficiency in both Japanese and English.

 
And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following! 

Exhibit confidence and demonstrate extensive knowledge of emerging industry practices when solving business problems.
You push creative thinking beyond the boundaries of existing practices and customer mindsets.
You continually seek opportunities to increase customer satisfaction and deepen client relationships.
You actively contribute to building a great team culture.
You are open to new ideas and encourage others to value change.
What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 