Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The TCore Team
Oktas TCore team is responsible for managing and maintaining Oktas network infrastructure. This ranges across a variety of tools and technologies consisting of VPNs, Network Load Balancers, IngressEgress systems, Firewalls, and other platform enablement services.
The Site Reliability Engineer Opportunity
As a Principal Site Reliability Engineer, you will lead the design and implementation of our cloud network solutions, while also bridging the gap between technology and business objectives. This role requires a deep understanding of cloud networking, as well as exceptional communication and relationship-building skills to collaborate with senior leaders and ensure that technical strategies align with the organizations requirements and goals.
What youll be doing

Design, develop, and maintain network architecture and strategy for cloud environments, ensuring high availability, security, efficiency, and scalability.
Build, configure, and maintain networks, services, and multi-cloud connectivity in AWS and GCP.  This is a practical role, hands-on role.
Demonstrate your expertise by responding swiftly and efficiently to production incidents, diving deep into complex systems failures to drive team and organization learning, and pushing forward technical and process improvements.
Bring clarity to design and solution discovery processes and guide teams on how to solve complex problems in as simple a way as possible
Collaborate closely with business leaders and decision-makers to understand their objectives, requirements, and vision for the product; translate these business requirements into strategies and solutions.
Work with leadership to manage cloud network costs and investments effectively, maximizing the ROI of cloud solutions.
Foster collaboration with cross-functional teams, including IT, finance, legal, security and compliance, to ensure all stakeholders are aligned and informed.

What youll bring to the role

At least 8 years experience in a technical role related to cloud and networking.
Proficiency in distributed systems design, with a comprehensive understanding of failure modes, benefits, and potential drawbacks.
Proven experience in designing and managing cloud-based network infrastructures, including VPC connectivity (peeringTransit Gateway), load balancing (ALBNLB), application firewall (WAFCloudArmor), and security tools such as Palo Alto or Zscaler.
Certification in cloud platforms (e.g., AWS Certified Solutions Architect, Google Cloud Architect) is a plus.
Understanding and experience with SRE concepts and practices, including being an advocate for the elimination of toil and drive simple solutions
Superior written and verbal communication skills
Strong scripting and automation skills (Terraform, Python, Go).
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively in a team.

This position requires the ability to access Impact Level 4 (IL4) data, as defined by the Department of Defense (DoD) Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide. As a condition of employment for this position, the successful candidate must be able to submit documentation establishing U.S. Person status (e.g. a U.S. Citizen, National, Lawful Permanent Resident, Refugee, or Asylee. 22 CFR 120.15) upon hire.Below is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus. The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:182,000—255,000 USD                                         The OTE range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:202,000—283,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 