Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.We are looking for Software Engineer Interns who will be part of a team developing the tools to integrate and build Oktas enterprise applications and business solutions. In this role you will help to scale our business solutions to the next generation, enabling Okta to be the most efficient, scalable, and best-run company. The vision is to make Okta the system of record and help customers with their journey to the Cloud, continue to automate the journey and lower the barrier of entry to their migration journey.
Our elite team is fast, innovative, and flexible; with a weekly, agile release cycle and individual ownership. We expect great things from our engineers and reward them with stimulating new projects, emerging technologies, and the chance to have a significant impact in a company that is changing the cloud computing landscape forever.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:

Work with engineering management and assigned mentor to scope and plan engineering efforts
Design and implement core, high-performance, scalable software components
Test-driven development, design and code reviews
Interface with QA, Product Management, Technical Support, Documentation and UX team

Minimum Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

Interest in software development experience, and testing that supports building highly reliable, mission-critical software.
Ability to program in at least one OO programming language (e.g. Java, C, GO, Node.js, C, Python) 
Basic understanding of the JavaScript language.
Knowledge of web application frameworks, RDBMS  Application Servers (experience in one or more preferred)
Past summer internship experience a plus

Nice to have: 

Experience building solutions using AWS services such as Lambda, EC2, Fargate, CloudWatch, SQS, SNS, and SES a strong plus

Education and Training: (In progress) B.S. or MS in Computer Science or related field
Oktas Intern Program
As an intern, youll do real work that matters. While youre on board, youll work on meaningful projects and have an opportunity to see what working at Okta is all about. Youll also have the support of your mentor and manager to help you develop new skills. 
Our interns have the opportunity to build a strong community - with their fellow interns, within their teams, and with the broader company. We want you to grow professionally and youll do that through participating in events like our Executive Speaker Series and Brown Bags.  And of course, we want you to have fun too.
Interns may choose the format of their internship: either in-person at one of our Okta offices, or virtually. We give our interns the opportunity to choose the option that best suits their needs. We offer 12 week internships in the U.S. in the Summer and 16 week co-ops in Canada.  
Okta is rethinking the traditional work environment, providing our employees with the flexibility to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, no matter where they are located.  We enable a flexible approach to work, meaning for roles where it makes sense, you can work from the office, or from home, regardless of where you live.  Okta invests in the best technologies and provides flexible benefits and collaborative work environmentsexperiences, empowering employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs.  Find your place at Okta https:www.okta.comcompanycareers. 
 
LI-DNI What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 