Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Role Summary
We are looking for an experienced Architect to join our SRE  Infrastructure Platform org. At Okta, we are Always On. The core of that starts with this team, ensuring that customers never worry about the Okta service. We strive to build the most reliable and performant systems on the planet.
We are looking for a smart, innovative, and passionate architect for this role who has experience architecting large systems at scale. Someone who has a passion for designing simple scalable cloud-based network infrastructure that helps Okta reach its next level of growth. 
The ideal candidate is someone that welcomes the challenge and enjoys seeing their designs run at scale with automation, testing, and tuning. If you exemplify the ethic of, If you have to do something more than once, automate it, then we want to hear from you!
 
What Youll Do
  Lead a team that designs and build Oktas production infrastructure with a focus on networking and security at scale
  Promote and apply best practices for building scalable and reliable network services across Okta engineering
  Work with engineering teams to design, develop and deliver cloud-based infrastructure projects that will solve reliability issues and help Oktas services scale
  Drive the long-term vision and architecture of reliability and resiliency, both of core software and infrastructure
  Driving initiatives to evolve our current platform to increase efficiency and keep it in line with current standards and best practices
  Develop strategic plans for Oktas Federal offerings in partnership with Okta Federal team, security, compliance, product management and GTM teams
  Conduct design and code reviews. Ensure high programming standards and set an example by following best practices.
 
Required Qualifications
  5 years of experience architecting and designing large scale network solutions
  Hands-on experience with AWS or GCP Cloud services and infrastructure automation using Chef, Terraform, Ansible or Saltstack
  Deep understanding of Cloud infrastructure, IaaS, Network  Security infrastructure such as virtual firewalls etc.
  Extensive experience building large-scale enterprise software or SaaS products
  Deep understanding of Microservices, Kubernetes and containers
  Understanding and experience with SRE concepts and practices, including being an advocate for the elimination of toil and drive simple solutions
  Strong knowledge of Security Architecture, Design and Operations, OAuth, OAuth2, SAML, SSO, RBAC, OAuth 2.0, web protocols XML, SOAP, JSON, REST
  Experience in developing functional specifications and system design specifications for customer engagements
  Experience with developing tooling and automation in Bash, Ruby, Python, Go, or similar language
  Possesses excellent written and oral communication skills, with the ability to influence others
  US Person Status (e.g. a U.S. Citizen, National, Lawful Permanent Resident, Refugee, or Asylee)
 
Preferred Skills
  7 years of programming experience in an object-oriented programming language like Java, especially in backend services.
  Exposure to FedRAMP, DoD, SOC2 compliance requirements  
  Broad and deep experience with cloud  PaaS providers and modern stack technologies: Redis, Elasticsearch etc.
  Understanding and experience with Agile principles, practices, and tooling
 
Education and Training
BS. Computer Science (plus) or equivalent experience
 
Additional requirements
This position requires the ability to access federal environments andor have access to protected federal data.  As a condition of employment for this position, the successful candidate must be able to submit documentation establishing U.S. Person status (e.g. a U.S. Citizen, National, Lawful Permanent Resident, Refugee, or Asylee. 22 CFR 120.15) upon hire.
LI-Remote
 
 Below is the annual base salary range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus.   The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:208,000—291,000 USD                                The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:  232,000—325,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 