Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Business Platforms Team
We are looking for a Salesforce Product Analyst with a product management mindset to join our growing Business Platforms OE team within the Business Technology organization. The Business Platforms team supports all of Oktas go-to-market technologies, with the OE team focusing on ensuring business continuity.  In this role, you will ensure the stability, reliability, and availability of Business Technology, and provide timely and effective support to end-users. You will also collaborate with other BT teams, stakeholders, and vendors to optimize application performance, implement enhancements, and resolve incidents.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Gather and document business requirements from stakeholders for feature enhancements.
Develop technical specifications and solution designs for feature enhancements.
Facilitate production support, including incident management and monitoring.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to troubleshoot and resolve issues in a timely manner.
Conduct root cause analysis and design corrective solutions to prevent recurrence of issues.
Work closely with development and admin teams to ensure the creation of high-quality solutions.
Perform testing and validation of enhancements and production support solutions.
Perform QA testing and support hypercare on large projects.
Develop and maintain documentation for enhancements and production support.
Identify opportunities for process improvement

 
Skills and Experience

4 years experience as a technical business analystimplementation consultantsolutions architect supporting Salesforce and associated applications 
2 years experience with Salesforce CPQ and Sales Cloud
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work effectively in a team environment.
Experience with enterprise-level software applications and technologies.
Ability to manage multiple work items simultaneously while meeting deadlines.
Knowledge of software development methodologies and project management principles.
Salesforce Certification Certifications preferred (Certified Administrator, Service Sales Consultant, Salesforce CPQt etc.)

LI-CS2LI-RemoteWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 