Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Oktas Customer Identity Cloud (CIC) is an easy to implement, adaptable authentication and authorization platform. Basically, we make everyones login box awesome. If you are a problem solver who wants to make this login experience even better, then look no further - the Okta CIC IAM Enterprise Domain is where you want to be. Our domains mission is to provide a simple, secure, standards-compliant and delightful authentication experience for both end users and developers. We work with NodeJS, React, PostgresMongoDB databases and our services run on both AWS and Azure. Our technology radar continues to try, adopt and re-visit various technologies and we are proponents of using the right tools for the job.
 
As a member of our Authentication Federations team at Okta (CIC) you will:


Be a part of fast paced, agile team comprising of engineers, a product manager and designer.


Design and develop features, APIs and fixes to handle our current and future scale.


Design and develop federated identity solutions using open standards like OpenID Connect, OAuth, SAML and more.


Help our customers have an awesome experience with our products.


Collaborate with support team as the last level of escalation for tickets.


Participate on our on-call rotations for troubleshooting production issues.


Lead team discussions, mentor other engineers to become senior and improve teams productivity.


 
You are a good fit for this role if you:


Have excellent communication and collaboration skills.


Have 5 years of software development experience.


Have 1 years of experience in identity and access management (IAM) domain.


Have experience creating public or internal APIs using NodeJSJavascriptTypescript.


Have experience with unitintegrationend to endperformance testing.


Are autonomous and have a continuous improvement mindset.


Pay attention to details and keep user experience a top priority. 


Enjoy being part of a highly collaborative, remote friendly environment.


 
Bonus points if you:


Have experience developing containerized applications and deploying it to Kubernetes on cloud infrastructure vendors like AWS, Azure, GCP.


Have experience with GoLang, Terraform. 


Have experience with FrontEnd ReactJSVueJS.


Have deep understanding of NodeJS event loop.


 
LI-Remote
LI-CS2What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 