Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Oktas Customer Identity Cloud (CIC) secures more than 100 million logins each day for customers all around the world - and were growing fast! The Platform Core Services team enables Okta CIC engineers to move faster by giving them tools to easily make their services more reliable and scalable. This is a role with a huge impact. You will get to work with engineers throughout the organization and what you build will be a foundational piece of the infrastructure that allows Okta to scale for years to come.
We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer, Platform Services (Customer Identity) who is passionate about distributed systems, availability, and delivering customer value. Because we build and support tools used by services throughout Okta, the ideal candidate is someone who is excited about collaborating to solve problems that affect the entire ecosystem of services.
Location - Due to the current team distribution our preference is an Eastern Time Zone location in Canada
You will:

Contribute to the development of new services, tools and automation that address cross-cutting concerns such as caching, message-passing, rate-limiting, and feature-flagging.
Work with engineers across the organization to integrate tooling into the Okta CIC service ecosystem.
Discover and advocate for new technologies to accelerate improvements in the reliability and scalability of the Okta CIC platform.
Carry cross-team initiatives from end to end: code reviews, design reviews, operational robustness, security hygiene, etc.
Participate in the teams on-call rotation.

You might be a good fit if you:

Have 3 years of software development experience.
Are proficient in Golang, Typescript, or Node.
Demonstrable knowledge of TCPIP and HTTP fundamentals.
Have experience working with Redis, MongoDB, Kafka andor PostgreSQL.
Deliver work incrementally to get feedback and iterate over solutions.
Have a passion and interest to work on systems that are highly reliable, maintainable, scalable and secure.
Bring the right attitude to the team: ownership, accountability, attention to detail, and customer focus.
Are comfortable working on a fully-distributed team.

Extra Points:

Familiarity with gRPC.
Have an understanding of Kubernetes and containerization.
Have experience deploying solutions to AWS andor Azure.

LI-RemoteLI-EZ1What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 