Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Accelerate your career by joining Okta as a member of our Corporate Legal Team reporting to the Senior Director, Corporate Securities and Governance. You will be an integral member of the Legal Department providing practical, business-focused advice and solutions to complex business challenges. You will operate independently in a dynamic environment to support the growing corporate and securities law needs of Okta. You will work collaboratively with and serve as a key advisor to various teams across the organization, including Accounting, Investor Relations, FPA, Marketing and Communications, People, ESG and Sustainability  and others, as well as with external counsel. 
Responsibilities

Drive the preparation of SEC filings, including Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, in collaboration with the accounting team, and a take a lead role drafting disclosure for Form 8-Ks, Section 16 filings, and other SEC filings
Primary owner of the proxy statement in close collaboration with the People and Stock Administration team
Drive the annual stockholder meeting process, including planning and logistics
Assist with the Disclosure Committee process 
Ensure Oktas compliance with NASDAQ listing rules and requirements
Support Investor Relations, Marketing and Communications teams, including drafting and reviewing press releases, earnings releases, investor presentations and other materials, advise on Regulation FD and address other analyst, media and communication matters 
Collaborate with the ESG and Sustainability teams on ongoing and new disclosures in response to an evolving regulatory environment
Assist in the coordination of board and committee meetings and provide legal support and governance advice on matters relating to board and committee best practices
Support major transactions, including offerings, MA and strategic transactions
Support the stock administration team on equity matters, including the administration of the equity plan and ESPP
Coordinate with and efficiently manage external counsel
Assist on other matters as needed

Requirements

JD from an accredited law school and be a member in good standing of at least one state Bar
5 years of relevant legal experience at a top firm or in-house (a combination is a plus)
Significant experience drafting disclosure for, and managing securities filings, including Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Form 8-K, proxy statements and Section 16 filings 


Experience working with the SEC and NASDAQ, with significant knowledge of the 33 Act, 34 Act, Regulation FD and NASDAQ listing rules 
Proactive approach with practical business judgment
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, team-first attitude and sense of humor
Strong work ethic, excellent organizational skills and ability to manage many cross-functional projects simultaneously with minimal supervision
High level of personal drive and desire to learn new areas of practice, develop skills and expand responsibilities

LI-MK1
LI-RemoteBelow is the annual base salary range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus.   The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:158,000—221,000 USD                                The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:  175,000—245,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 