Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Okta is in profitable growth mode. We are seeking an experienced, self-motivated Finance Analyst who will be a key player in, and is truly excited about, driving and effectively scaling Oktas growth. This person will report to the Manager, Corporate FPA and will partner with FPA peers as well as with Business Technology (BT) and Finance Transformation (FT) teams to enable the improvement of FPA processes and reporting. This role is a fantastic opportunity for a candidate who wants to be part of a dynamic FPA organization that is operating at an accelerated pace and scaling for the future.
The ideal candidate has strong analytical skills, excellent attention to detail without losing the big picture, and the ability to work both cross functionally and independently. They are highly organized, and are truly excited about creating an impact to enhance reporting capabilities and systems improvements.
 
Job Duties and Responsibilities:

Play a key role in driving reporting initiatives between FPA, Finance Transformation, and Business Technology (including Anaplan and Data  Insights teams)
Partner with FPA and Data  Insights to design, structure and standardize reporting needs for FPA
Understand FPA analysis to assist in supporting Anaplan and Data  Reporting needs and at times assist in performing those analyses
Support ad hoc systems related activities such as communication with Business Technology for month close activities, model management work, user access and other ad-hoc activities as needed
Assist with and manage frequent ad-hoc projects to support management and business decisions
Engage in training and enablement of reporting activities for FPA

 
Job Requirements: 

2 years of experience in FPA
Excellent financial modeling and analysis skills
Ideally experienced in building  modeling in Anaplan and Tableau
Advanced ExcelGSheets and PowerPointGSlides skills
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills
Ability to manage multiple tasks in a deadline-driven environment while maintaining a high level of precision
Experience in a high-growth global high techsoftwareSaaS organization is a plus
Available to come into the India office as needed (up to two or three times a week)


LI-Onsite
LI-MT1
What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 