Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Senior Solutions Engineer, Identity Access - Competitive intelligence
Okta is seeking a Senior Solutions Engineer to join our Competitive Intelligence (CI) team.
You will work directly with the Director of Competitive Intelligence orchestrating CI initiatives in close collaboration with multiple teams at Okta — including gathering and analyzing data, proactively researching specific competitors, working closely with the field to gather field intelligence, delivering actionable field enablement tools, and understanding the overall trends in the Customer Identity market to support Oktas growth. 
What you will do:

Develop a deep understanding of Oktas Customer Identity product portfolio and competitor landscape.
Conduct comprehensive primary and secondary research, analyze relevant data, and synthesize information to create actionable competitive insights.
Maintain resources such as competitive battlecards, playbooks, SWOT analysis, etc., and transform these competitive insights into useful tools for field enablement. 
Act as the voice of the winloss program, conducting direct interviews and distilling wonlostchurned insights to help improve go-to-market and product development efforts.
Participate directly in strategic opportunities, assisting sales teams with competitive positioning to distinguish Okta in the marketplace.
Collaborate with product management and engineering teams in defining sustainable technical differentiation positions to be used by the technical sales teams. 

We are looking for:

Strong market research, quantitative and analytical skills.
Experience in delivering technical workshops or content to technical sales audiences.
Experience working with REST APIs and SDKs
Experience with either frontend or backend coding languages; such as Javascript, React, Angular, Java, C, Node.js, Python, PHP or Ruby
Experience in SaaS software within the Identity andor Security industries

Bonus points for:

Experience building web applications, incorporating both front and backend languagesframeworks
Experience with at one or more authentication or authorisation protocol (OAuth, OAuth2, OIDC, SAML, LDAP)
Understanding of core security concerns within a typical application (password hashing, SSLTLS, encryption at rest, XSS, XSRF)
What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 