Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The CIC Engineering Team
Oktas Customer Identity Cloud (CIC), powered by Auth0 technology, is an easy-to-implement authentication and authorization platform designed by developers for developers.  We make access to applications safe, secure, and seamless for the more than 100 million daily logins around the world. Our modern approach to identity enables this Tier- global service to deliver convenience, privacy, and security so customers can focus on innovation.
 
Machine Learning Engineer
The Machine Learning team is responsible for building machine learning models, and developing various infrastructure and platform components to scale up machine learning operations.
 
The Machine Learning Engineer will help build, scale and maintain the development and production platforms. The ideal candidate will have a deep technical background and hands-on experience in building and deploying Machine Learning systems, as well as promoting a data-driven culture across the organization. They would not hesitate to wrangle data, if necessary, and are acutely familiar with what makes an effective and efficient machine learning team. They will also show passion generally for the field of applied machine learning.  Additionally, the candidate will have interest in learning about and potentially contributing toward cutting edge open source Machine Learning and Data Science technologies.
 
Responsibilities

Design and implement infrastructure and platform components for training, deploying, and monitoring machine learning models in production.
Build pipelines to ingest data from myriad sources into a centralized data lake for various use cases.
Collaborate with production engineering teams to ensure that machine learning models integrate successfully into production environments while adhering to performance and availability SLOs.
Participate in project planning, design, development, and code reviews.  
Communicate verbally and in writing to business customers and leadership teams with various levels of technical knowledge, educating them about our systems, as well as sharing insights and recommendations.
Partnership across Engineering, Product Management, Security and Design teams to solve technical and non-technical challenges.

Basic Qualifications

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics or a related quantitative field. 
Fluency in a computing language, e.g. Python, Scala, C, Java, etc.
Experience with building production systems and platforms at scale. 
Familiar with full AIML lifecycle from model development, training, testing, deployment, monitoring, and refining and iterating.
Knowledge in handling large datasets using SQL and databases in a business environment.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Exceptional troubleshooting and problem solving skills.
Thrive in a fast-paced, innovative environment.

Preferred Qualifications

Knowledge of AWS Redshift, Snowflake or similar databases.
Experience with data workflow platforms such as Airflow, and container technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes. 
Familiar with Python and machine learningdata science libraries such as Scikit-learn and Pandas for analyzing and modeling data.
Familiar with multiple machine learning algorithmic methodologies, such as decision trees, logistic regression, Bayesian analysis, and others.
Superior verbal and written communication skills with the ability to advocate technical solutions effectively to data scientists, engineering teams and business audiences.
Ability to deal well with ambiguity, ability to self-motivate, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment.
Combination of deep technical skills and business savvy to interface with all levels and disciplines within our and our customers organizations. 

LI-CS2LI-RemoteWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 