Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.

 
A NOTE ABOUT THIS FELLOWSHIP: This program is intended for the Department of Defenses SkillBridge program-eligible Service members.
 
Position Description: 
Oktas Knowledge Management (KM) team is seeking a Knowledge Management Associate Fellow to assist with projects focused on building a knowledge-focused organization in Customer Support.  This role will support the implementation of a KM framework that will empower both employees and customers. The KM team handles internal and external content including Okta help, knowledge bases, known errors, and more. This content is essential in enabling people to do their jobs without needing to contact support, and in enabling support, sales engineers, customers, and partners to efficiently discover information. 
As a Knowledge Management Associate Fellow, you will have the opportunity to collaborate within the KM team to support projects aimed at improving the adoption of KM best practices and improving the quality of support knowledge within the Customer Support organization.
 
Job Duties and Responsibilities:

Support of knowledge quality improvement initiatives including identifying and updating out of date links and content, performing quality assurance checks on knowledge base articles (in line with established content standards), identifying opportunities to improve the readability of support knowledge
Perform editorial reviews of content prior to publishing for external consumption via self-service
Run reports and analyze data to identify trends and improvement opportunities of KM operations
Support KM adoption projects such as internal marketing campaigns and incentive programs
Supporting KM operations including maintenance of support video library, quick guides and supporting documentation, monitoring training compliance and requests for assistance from Customer Support team members and ensuring draft KBAs move through the lifecycle in a timely manner

 
Ideal Skills:

Experience in knowledge or information management discipline
Experience with customer support, customer-focused mindset
Detail oriented and focused on quality of content
Strong collaboration, communication and writing skills
Experience using data and analytics to identify trends
Proven ability to manage multiple projects at once
Thrives in a fast-paced environment with a high rate of change 

Education and Training: 

Training andor certification in knowledge management a plus

This Fellowship does not in any way lead to, guarantee or provide any entitlement to employment with Okta, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries and affiliates.
LI-MM1
LI-DNI
 

What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 