Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.As a Senior Technical Account Manager (TAM) for Oktas Customer Identity Cloud (CIC), powered by Auth0 Technology, Product Unit you will be responsible for ensuring that a portfolio of our largest Enterprise customers are achieving the full value from their CIC investment.You will have a passion for working with customers, helping them achieve tangible results through the application of CIC solutions in their technology platform. Your technical expertise will enable you to share best practices and technical guidance to customers based upon your deep understanding of their solution and project objectives.
Outcomes:

Build long-term relationships with the stakeholders in your portfolio of enterprise companies, and deeply understand their strategy, goals and plans
Earn customer trust by understanding their goals and use cases, and recommend best practices relating to process changes, product adoption, configuration and additional features to meet requirements
Track customer goals and progress to help facilitate their ROI
Monitor customer health, satisfaction, expansion opportunities, risks and escalations
Review customer architectures and Okta configurations to ensure they are enhancing security posture and capturing ROI as Okta releases new features and functionality
Work with internal account teams to identify and resolve renewal risk, identify expansion opportunities, build strategies to drive further customer adoption
Be a product evangelist to your customer portfolio, educating them on new CIC product features and product roadmap
Use data to monitor and identify adoption and utilization trends. Identify areas for improvement and action in the customer portfolio
Be the voice of the customer when engaging with internal teams
Act as a mentor to colleagues within the Technical Account Management team

Competencies:

5 years of total experience in information technology, with at least 3 years of hands-on experience as a Technical Account Manager (TAM) or comparable practitioner role in the IAM space
A deep understanding and demonstrated experience in technical account management or customer success
A high level understanding with a drive to learn the technologies and protocols as it relates to Identity and Access Management (IAM). (e.g., SAML 2.0, WS-Federation, OAuth, OpenID Connect)
Strong background in any of the following: Technical Account Management, Technical Consulting, Product Management, Solution Architect, or similar role
Strong customer-first mindset with the energy and problem-solving skills to address technical challenges and help customers achieve their business and technical objectives
Understanding of common software development practice. Understanding of identity and surrounding technologies, or the willingness to learn
Strong business acumen, history of success owning enterprise segment customer relationships and escalations
Experience with SaaS platforms and services, their adoption, integration and ongoing use
Strong presentation skills, particularly for in-person meetings with multiple stakeholders
Excellent communication skills. Ability to set expectations and communicate goals and objectives with customers at various levels, from a developer to a CIO
Ability to track and influence customer behavior  health metrics across a portfolio of accounts
This position requires you reside in Central or Eastern timezone and work Central or Eastern Timezone hours

Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
LI-Remote
LI-BF1Below is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus. The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:135,000—203,000 USD                                         The OTE range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:150,000—224,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 