Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.
The SLED Sales Team
We are seeking a passionate, results oriented, sales professional to drive revenue growth calling on SLED accounts.  Our Account Executives are individual contributors who play a vital role in driving a significant share of revenue for Okta. We provide our reps with an environment in which they can make valuable contributions from day one while also building opportunities for learning and growth. 
The Account Executive, SLED Opportunity
Reporting to the Area Sales Director, this Sr. level role will drive the sales process for midsize enterprise customers (700-1,250 employees). The right candidate for the position will enjoy closing new logos while simultaneously managing and expanding a book of install base customers. Our SLED AEs organize and conduct sales presentations, site visits and product demonstrations to prospects and represent Okta in a consistent, effective and professional manner to best develop and win new clients.
What youll be doing 

Manage the sales process for medium-sized new logo customers from demo to contract negotiation
Expand business within existing Okta customers by building long-term strategic relationships with key accounts
Develop and execute against an assigned quota and territory plan
Prospect, forecast, build and maintain a sales pipeline with assigned Sales Development Representatives
Present to C-level executives in the field and via web demonstrations
Partner with ISVs and strategic partners to win revenue for Okta

What youll bring to the role

5 years of SLED sales and account management experience in a SaaSCloud B2B environment
A proven track record of success selling in territory to mid-sized andor enterprise customers
ISV or Channel experience strongly preferred  
ITSecurity sales experience strongly preferred
This role must sit near our Chicago,IL office hub or in region.
Ability to travel 25
BSBA degree preferred

And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following! 

Cloud First 
Security

 
LI-Hybrid
LI-CMBelow is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus. The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:240,000—360,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 