Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Total Rewards organization delivers comprehensive support to Okta employees and leaders, including driving the strategic planning, design, development, implementation and communication of competitive total rewards programs including the annual rewards program and global compensation budget. We build and maintain compensation structures to ensure our people are fairly and competitively paid.  
You are a compensation subject matter expert and eager to expand our compensation support to additional global territories and capable of delivering complex compensation projects while enabling the attraction and retention of top talent around the world. The successful candidate will serve as a business confidant and thought partner on all compensation matters and understands the complexity of an organization. The candidate must have strong demonstrated compensation experience and a desire to develop and grow within a dynamic and employee-centric company. This individual must also have an easy familiarity with technology and be nimble, agile, and flexible.  This role reports to the Senior Director, Compensation.
What you will do

Strategic direction and operational support on compensation design to the Engineering organization.
Act as a strategic business advisor to senior business leaders and partner to HR, ensuring that our programs align with business goals and support talent acquisition, retention, career development, mobility and our diversity initiatives.
Provide consultative thought leadership on pay decisions, pay guidelines, policy and guideline interpretation and job evaluation including the design of creative solutions to specific compensation-related challenges.
Program designer for key compensation pillars: job architecture, market intelligence and guidance, and location expansion.

Lead thought leader on the companys job architecture and career pathing initiatives including development and evaluation of job descriptions and related playbooks. Responsibilities to include: career path templates, FLSA classification reviews, salary grades and job levels on new roles.
Bring an awareness of skills of the future and thoughtfully align our compensation programs with our philosophy, enabling continued evolution in key areas such as technology tools, analytics and data visualization.
Take our market intelligence strategy to the next level including devising creative solutions and approaches to compensation that enable us to meet the demands of a competitive marketplace while ensuring fair pay.
Lead and implement compensation priorities as it relates to our location expansion strategy including: benchmarking, updating policies, and partnering cross-functionally to launch a new site.  

Manage and deepen partnerships with key vendors and external partners that will enrich our thinking and programs with industry insights and ensure that our programs remain competitive.
Conduct ad-hoc analyses to evaluate and recommend pay adjustments to maintain internal equity and external competitiveness.

What you will bring to the table

Experience designing and building compensation programs, job architecture, pay models and benchmarking approaches.
You are a hands-on thought leader.
A highly metrics-focused orientation that can effectively communicate technically complex information.
Strong working knowledge Microsoft Office, Google and Workday.
Demonstrated success in a dynamic, fast-paced and frequently changing environment.
Efficiently manage current programs, challenge the status quo, and champion new initiatives.
A consummate team player who builds highly effective professional relationships and can effectively work with and communicate across multiple levels of the organization.
Strong work ethic holds self and others accountable for achieving required outcomes.
An established track record of building credibility and trust across the organization, candid communication, high integrity, sound business ethics and judgment.
Able to quickly learn a companys priorities and translate them into actionable solutions.

LI-Remote
LI-MK1Below is the annual base salary range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus.   The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:158,000—221,000 USD                                The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:  175,000—245,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 