Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Staff Accountant
We are in search of a top-tier Staff Accountant who is highly motivated to learn and grow within a fast-paced organization. This role will be responsible for supporting the month-end close process, SOX compliance control execution and quarterly  annual audit process, as well as identifying and driving project-based work to provide process efficiencies for the general ledger team. The ideal candidate is a detail-oriented, communicative, self-motivated team player with a solid working knowledge of US GAAP, SEC regulations, and internal controls. Additionally, this individual thrives on process improvement and enjoys working in a challenging, collaborative environment to support our continued growth and success. This role will be reporting to the GL Accounting Manager, and they will be required to work in US (Pacific Time) hours (9:00pm - 6:00am IST).
 
What youll be doing 

Perform various GL month-end close activities, including preparation and review of journal entries and balance sheet reconciliations such as Cash and Investments, TE Expense, Intercompany, Prepaids, Capitalized Software, Fixed Assets and Expense Accruals
Prepare Balance Sheet and PL fluctuation analyses and ability to dive into the details to further investigate any variances
Assist in preparing internal and external financial reporting schedules
Evaluate process and system infrastructure, along with identifying and implementing process improvement opportunities
Maintain and enhance the internal controls over accounting processes and systems
Provide a high level of customer service with finance and non-finance business partners by providing timely responses, financial insights and relevant reporting
Support the quarterly reviews and annual audit requests and inquiries from our external auditors
Ad hoc accounting projects and requests, as needed

 
What youll bring to the role

Bachelors degree, emphasis in Accounting
3-5 years of combined public accounting (ex. Big 4) and private industry at a publicly traded company
CA or CPA equivalent a plus
Solid working knowledge and application of US GAAP, SEC regulations, and SOXinternal controls REQUIRED
Strong problem solving, analytical, and organization skills
Ability to execute, follow-up, and ensure attention to detail
Strong interpersonal and communication (both verbal and written) skills
A team player, adept at building relationships across the organization
Ability to adhere to deadlines in a fast-paced environment, without sacrificing accuracy
Proficient with Microsoft tools (Excel, Word, PowerPoint)
Knowledge in Compensation Accounting a plus
Experience with NetSuite preferred

LI-CM
 What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 