Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Staff Analyst, Third Party Risk Management
 
The Third Party Risk Management (TPRM) teams mission is to strengthen Oktas position as the leading Identity-as-a-Service solution through proactively identifying and resolving risks with our key Third Party partners. 
The Staff Analyst within the TPRM team is a key member of the Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) organization. This position will be responsible for managing and assessing global Third Parties. In this role, you will participate in the enhancement of the existing Third Party Risk Management program designed to ensure Third Party risks are identified, tracked through closure, and reported while enabling the business to meet its objectives This position requires a leader with strong collaboration skills, extensive knowledge of security controls as well as a proven track record of working in an ambiguous and ever-changing environment. This position reports to the Director, Third Party Risk Management.
This position may be located anywhere in the USA. 
Responsibilities:

Assess, evaluate, and make recommendations regarding Third Party relationships.
Collaborate with the GRC team and business units to escalate and resolve identified issues.
Provide support to cross functional teams to onboard and offboard Third Parties.
Design and implement Third Party review activities, as required.
Work with Third Parties to provide actionable Third Party guidance and drive remediation in alignment with Okta security standards.
Support in promoting a Third Party risk-aware culture within the organization
Build strong partnerships with cross functional teams to drive towards a cohesive view of security, compliance, and operational risks and drive remediation to closure
Serve as a Third Party security and technology subject matter expert within the security organization; provide critical advisory in the role that Third Parties play in Oktas security environment. 
Develop and perform data analytics capabilities to evaluate and improve Third Party risk management processes.

Requirements:

5 years of working experience in Third Party Risk Management.
Strong understanding of security controls and how they should be implemented across applications, systems and internalcloud platforms.
5  years of working experience across regulations and common industry frameworks including but not limited to FFIEC, PCI, NIST CSF, COSO, HITRUST and others
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal skills
Flexible and able to manage multiple projects under tight deadlines
Comfortable with ambiguity and adaptable to fast changing environments
Knowledge of GRC solutions is helpful, special consideration given to candidates with working knowledge of ServiceNow, Vendor Risk Management platform


LI-RemoteBelow is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus. The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:90,000—230,000 USD                                         The OTE range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:95,000—255,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 