Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Okta Customer Identity Cloud (CIC) is a product unit of Okta focussed on the Customer Identity and Access Management (CIAM) space. We are looking for exceptional new team members to join our team and help drive our next level of success. One team, one score!
Our vision is to free everyone to safely use any technology.  We provide secure access for everyone, but not just anyone. We process billions of logins per month (and growing!). So, if youre a big thinker who is nimble and adaptable, Okta CIC may be an ideal place for you to shine.
The Team  Role:
Okta is looking for an Architect to work in our Engineering Architecture team, reporting directly to our Vice President of Architecture  Chief Architect.  The Architecture team is a small group of very senior engineers who work broadly across the organization with Engineering, Product, and Security.  We embed closely with other Engineering teams for large projects, and provide direction and architectural guidance for smaller initiatives.  We have a dual-pronged charter to level up the tech stack and level up the people stack via both technical contributions and partnershipsmentoring.  Successful candidates will have a passion for building reliable and scalable systems, a strong technical background including experience with a variety of AI tools and models, hands-on experience in developing and implementing AI strategy, and the ability to collaborate with others to drive initiatives forward.
In this role, you will have the opportunity to significantly contribute to Oktas future technology direction and drive AI initiatives throughout our Engineering organization.  You will develop strategy and implement projects aimed at using AI to improve Engineering productivity as well as improve product offerings by advancing our speed of delivery, security, resilience, and scalability.   You will also help advance the engineering culture and help uplevel other engineers.  
What you will do:

As part of a team of seasoned Architects, you will collaborate with Product, Security, and Engineering teams to define and continually improve CICs technology stack and architecture through the use of machine learning and artificial intelligence.
Build an AI strategy and investigate opportunities to use AI to improve Engineering productivity in multiple areas, such as development, test, operations (including incident analysis and remediation), cost optimization, security, and feature advancement.
Drive wholistic end-to-end AI architecture from data pipeline to LLM to platform components to application integration.
Identify and prioritize opportunities for AI and drive POCs, measure effectiveness, and drive implementation.
Liaise closely with our Data Engineering and Legal teams to apply our data for training while safeguarding intellectual property and privacy.
Develop guidance for the use of AI in product and internal tooling.
Contribute to build-vs-buy and prioritization decisions, technology selection, and determining what outcomes are measurable vs hype.

What you bring:

Passion for, and a thorough understanding of, how to implement AI to achieve measurable improvements in productivity and product in a fast-paced SaaS environment focussed on identity security.
Very strong written and verbal communication skills with a demonstrated ability to adjust your communication style to the intended audience, whether communicating with senior executives, customers, engineers, or product managers.
A background in machine learning, artificial intelligence, and data managementanalytics.  Solid understanding of pipeline architecture and model building at scale.
Experience with multiple generative AI tools, machine learning, natural language processing, modern LLMs, and an understanding of their risks and benefits.
Demonstrated wholistic architectural expertise in integrating AI platforms from data source to application integration and operational tooling. 
Previous experience determining measurable outcomes for and leading AI initiatives that span multiple teams. 
Strategic thinking skills including the ability to lead and resolve company-wide technical discussions.  Excellence at creating clarity and alignment for technical initiatives.
Software development and integration skills, as well as basic understanding of the modern cloud infrastructure used to deploy SaaS. 
Great ability to build trust through collaboration with multiple teams, articulate a vision, build consensus, and get hands-on to drive implementation.

 
LI-Remote
EZ-1What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 