Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The OpportunityWe are looking for someone to join our team who has a passion for technology, strategic problem solving, and providing thought leadership to help our customers on their Identity journey. You are a continuous learner, building your product knowledge, and industry knowledge as well as building relationships with customer stakeholders to be their trusted advisor. You will guide our customers to rapid adoption, expansion, and identity churn risks. As a CSM you play an important role in working with and connecting the customers needs to the Sales team, Product Management team, Support, Renewals, Professional Services, and Engineering teams. Below outlines some key attributes for a Customer Success Manager:

Customer Success and Growth: Develop roadmaps and strategies to accelerate customers strategic direction, track goals and progress, and identify opportunities for improvement.
Ownership: Take ownership of your Book of Business, mitigate churn risk, identify growth opportunities, remove blockers and establish yourself as a high-value resource to your customer stakeholders.
Research and Insights: Conduct regular research on industry trends, customer needs, and preferences to develop thought leadership through industry trends and insights to drive customer innovation.
Proactive engagement and Strategic Success Plans: Create strategic success plans aligned with the customers goals, track progress, and provide high value assets to be reused by our customer champions to communicate the value of Okta.
Communication: Build strong relationships through effective and concise communication with customers, stakeholders, and internal teams. Enhance customer satisfaction, improve collaboration, and understand customer problems and goals.
Problem-Solving: Identify and solve customer problems efficiently by proactively addressing potential issues and collaborating with customers and internal teams to find suitable solutions.
Collaboration: Work effectively with cross-functional teams, share information and resources, drive initiatives, and engage in conversations to better assist customers. Be willing to drive initiatives that can positively impact many customers.
Build and Maintain Executive Relationships: Build strong relationships with key decision-makers, identify and map the organisations decision making hierarchy. Engage a range of strategic customer personnel in order to influence larger customer decisions.
Product Knowledge: CSMs need to have a deep understanding of Oktas products and services, as well as excellent time management skills, in order to provide customers with insights and direction. Build knowledge through achieving minimum certification levels and spending time staying up to date on solutions and roadmap.

You would be Ideal for this role if you have:

Experience in customer success management, ideally working with customers to drive adoption of a technical platform or solution.
Experience managing customers within the Australian State or Federal Public Sector (ideal)
Customer-centric and proactive team player that is focused on driving customer loyalty and adoption
Success in working in and navigating enterprise environments, building trusted relationships at all levels in the organization.
Experienced in driving product adoption and expansion, through understanding the customers current situation and desired outcomes. Being able to utilise consulting style questions to engage and discover the information we need to support our customers
Able to operate in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple customers and projects, adapt to changing priorities, think ahead, and solve problems.
Ability to take on feedback, be willing to learn new things, have a growth mindset and align to Okta core values
Strong oral, written and presentation skills
Ability to organize, prioritize, complete activities and meet deadlines on a daily basis
Ability to travel 10-15 onsite to customers as well as to the office when required
Flexibility to occasionally attend global meetings, training, kick offs as well as other things

 
LI-Remote
LI-MT1
 What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 