Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Role
We are looking for a Staff Engineer who is self-motivated with a proven track record in service management technologies and who is comfortable in the dynamic atmosphere of a technical organization with a rapidly expanding end-user base. In this role, you focus on the technical aspects of the platform, working directly with the Service Management team. From an operational standpoint, the successful candidate will adhere to best practices and provide an advanced understanding of ServiceNows functionality to the ServiceNow Ecosystem surrounding Okta and its end users, with a focus on HR Service Delivery. 
As a ServiceNow Staff Engineer, you get to work closely with a global team and embark on a journey of growing the Okta ServiceNow platform by shaping how we deliver experiences to our customers. This is a technical role which requires strong communication and collaboration skills. 
In this role, youll get to:

Work with the ServiceNow team to drive the delivery and accessibility of employee services, and deliver solutions across the organization
Enhance and support current solutions that solve business challenges and improve processes while collaborating with cross-functional teams
Build core functionality with a focus on Integrations, Lifecycle Events (Onboarding, Offboarding, Transitions, etc), custom HR Services, automation capabilities
With with core team to ensure environments maintain the highest levels of availability, security, and quality
Identify opportunities to innovate, scale, extend and enhance service delivery where possible
Develop and execute on comprehensive product strategies that align with Oktas overall business goals and objectives, broader industry and market trends
Work with the ServiceNow team to review and execute requirements, test plans, technical specification, and provide input in the design, maintainability, scalability and usability of platform implementations. 
Stay up-to-date with industry trends and emerging technologies in service management to identify opportunities for innovation and automation.
Empower our engineers through a culture of continuous learning by helping to field system related questions and share out best practices with the broader team

You could be a fit if you have:

6 years of demonstrable ServiceNow HRSD implementation experience
8 years of experience supporting the ServiceNow platform
Expert-level understanding of the ServiceNow platform with a concentration on:

Lifecycle Events, including Onboarding, Offboarding, Transitions
Integration Hub and Flow Designer
Integration capabilities
ServiceNow experience packs

Experience translating feature requests, technical specifications, and high level requirements into specific solutions and tasks and the ability to re-engineer business processes
Expert experience integrating third party applications, with a focus on Workday and other HR applications
Experience with API and scripting languages (REST, Web Services, JavaScript (including Glide script), UIUX design, Angular JS, SQL, SSO, SAML)
Demonstrated business results from products, features or capabilities you have implemented
Experience in hands-on design, prototyping, development, configurations, testing and other implementation activities
A basic understanding of AgileScrum project lifecycle management
Ability to communicate in a clear and concise professional manner, tailored to the appropriate audience; including both verbal and written communications
Ability to balance multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment
A willingness to work flexible hours throughout the week (eg, 2pm-10pm IST M-W-F) to align with the global team
Bachelors degree andor an educationwork experience equivalent. Advanced degree would be a plus
Minimally, ServiceNow Certified System Administrator (CSA), and Certified Implementation Specialist - HR Service Delivery (CIS - HRSD) (Additional ServiceNow certifications are a plus)

Preferred:

Practical experience implementing Employee Center Pro, Virtual Agent, GRC, ITOM Discovery suites would be a plus
ITIL working knowledge (ITIL v3 certifications are ideal)
What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 