Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.We are seeking a highly motivated and dynamic individual to join our corporate team in the San Francisco Bay Area  as the Senior Associate, Accounting Operations Shared Services.  This individual will involve partnering with our shared services teams in Manila, Philippines and Bengaluru, India along with key stakeholders throughout the organization.  This role will be successful by being a self-starter, effectively communicating and collaborating, demonstrating a customer service focus, along with the ability to navigate shifting priorities and processes. In-office attendance and flexibility to work during different international time zones required.
What youll be doing 

Serve as the corporate lead liaison for Accounting Operations Shared Services
Enable and support an org-wide shared services teams , fostering collaboration and standardization across various stakeholder groups
Partner with internal stakeholders to support continuous monitoring and improvement of shared services operations to ensure effective service delivery
Act as liaison between corporate stakeholders and Director of Finance Operations,  gathering feedback, providing guidance, and addressing any concerns related to the accounting operations shared services
Partner with the Director of Finance Operations to establish, evolve and monitor shared services performance metrics, as well as identifying opportunities to streamline accounting operations and enhance productivity
Support Corporate Accounting Operations teams to deliver high-quality services to enable Oktas continuous growth through globalization and scalability
Liaise with cross functional teams, such as Finance, HR, IT to address operational needs and resolve any issues that arise
Availability to travel internationally as required (estimated 25 of the time) to provide on-site support, conduct training and facilitate knowledge sharing
Other duties, as needed, which may involve change management initiatives contributing to overall process optimization efforts

What youll bring to the role

5 years experience in Accounting Operations and teams in a shared services environment
CPAChartered Accountancy and Bachelors degree in Accounting, Finance, or a related field
Proven ability to develop and implement standardized processes and procedures across multiple locations and entities
Excellent written and oral communication
Possess strong organizational and time management skills
Ability to work closely across different organizational levels, functions, and geographies
Compelled to take initiative and drive process change and improvements
Ability to work independently in a fast-paced, dynamic setting while maintaining accuracy and delivering against deadlines
Motivated to work cross-functionally in a customer service-oriented capacity
Knowledge of cloud related ERP systems (Workday Expenses, Coupa and Netsuite) from end user and administrative perspective desired
Flexibility to work during different international time zones and necessary international travel

LI-MK1
 Below is the annual base salary range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus.   The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:92,000—124,000 USD                                The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:  102,000—138,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 