Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Product
Oktas Customer Identity Cloud (CIC), powered by Auth0 technology, is an easy-to-implement authentication and authorization platform designed by developers for developers.  We make access to applications safe, secure, and seamless for the more than 100 million daily logins around the world. Our modern approach to identity enables this Tier- global service to deliver convenience, privacy, and security so customers can focus on innovation.
The Team
The Organizations team is expanding Auth0 to help B2B SaaS applications easily manage access for their own customers and partners, at scale. We make it possible for enterprise SaaS users to log in with the right set of permissions within the right context, and are building on top of that to make logging in and managing organizations more flexible and delightful to use. We work on many different parts of the product and our features are directly exposed to our customers..
We work in NodeJS (JavaScript and TypeScript) and use PostgreSQL for our data needs. Our services run on AWS and Azure and we lean heavily on containers for both our development and production needs.
If you like taking hard problems at scale and making them simpler and enjoy solving both customer and technical challenges we cant wait to talk to you. 
What youll be doing 

Collaborate with engineers both inside and outside the team to design and deliver powerful new organizations functionality for our SaaS customers - both for the login flow itself and for Auth0s organization management capabilities
Pair program with engineers on the team where it makes sense to do so
Drive technical improvements to our codebase and architecture

What youll bring to the role

You have previous experience using Node.js (JavaScript or Typescript) and creating and maintaining APIs.
You like working on systems that are highly-reliable, maintainable and scalable.
You have experience and an eye for good engineering practices and testing, and love to share them.
You work autonomously but know when to seek help from your team members.
You are a good communicator, and bring the rest of your team along for the journey.

And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following! 

Front-endfullstack experience - some of our work touches on our front-end components
Good SQL knowledge and experience - we have some large datasets and need to make sure our schemas and queries are performant
You have experience with Docker and cloud environments (AWS and Azure preferred).
IAMOAuth2 experience.
Knowledge of security engineering and application security.

 
LI-SB3LI-RemoteWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 