Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.
The Okta Customer Identity Cloud (CIC), powered by Auth0, builds the best Customer Identity and Access Management (CIAM) solution on the planet. Hands down. Created for developers so they can focus on their innovative application ideas, for their own domains. Optimized for end users to minimize friction. And designed with security to keep applications, users, and organizations safe. Okta CIC customers come in all sizes and shapes with many counting among the most recognized brands around the world. By using Okta CIC, customers increase security and reduce friction so they can grow revenues faster and become more efficient. If you have strong desires to see the results of your work used by name brand customers and millions of users around the world, then Okta CIC is the place where your dreams can be turned into reality.
Our commitment to identity inspires and sustains our Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging strategy as we aim to celebrate and protect the identities of everyone in our network. Click here to learn more about our commitment to building balanced teams.
Okta is seeking a Director to manage a team of designers for the Identity  Access Management (IAM) domain on the Okta Customer Identity Cloud. Identity  Access Management delivers a simple, extensible identity platform that is easy for our customers to integrate into their applications and effortless to operate. The mission of the team is to delight customers with an exceptional operations and administration experience, and delight developers with concise, understandable, standards-compliant APIs for ease of integration.
Reporting to the Sr. Director of Design (Customer Identity Cloud) this role will be a core member of our Design and Product Leadership teams. You will manage a team of designers in close collaboration with the product management, engineering, program management, and go-to-market teams. This role is cross-functional in essence as the design teams build innovative and differentiated capabilities to support the high growth of Oktas business with an eye on improving the overall user experience. You will be a core contributor to IAM domain strategy and be responsible for effectively making decisions that impact 1-2 year horizons.
Responsibilities
You will leverage data and technicalmarket experience to make lots of decisions every day to help unblock teams and will not hesitate to make bold recommendations to senior company leadership.
You will support the IAM Domain in the following areas:

Directly contribute to product strategy and mentor designers through a direct understanding of our product and customer needs
Build, lead and inspire a high performing global team of designers who understand the needs of our customers
Clearly articulate where the product is, what it should become and the factors that will help it get there from a UX perspective
Defining, publishing and communicating an IAM Design Vision that directly adds value to the product roadmap
Continuously monitor team structure and investment levels providing recommendations for optimizations
Partner in a leading role with Product Management, Program Management and Engineering leadership in quarterly and yearly planning
Collaborate with Design and IAM leadership to determine design direction
Inspire, motivate, and lead designers and managers across experience levels to do the best work of their career
Work closely with our Product Management, Engineering, Marketing, and senior leadership to deliver innovative solutions
As design leader you will conceive, implement and execute a vision for designs role in building solutions for IAM and provide leadership to deliver best-in-class product experiences
Anticipate design trends and propose and build solutions ahead of market
Lead short, medium and long-term planning exercises; and communicate outwardly to leadership and team members
Mentor the product design team in developing an effective ProductDesign workflow; work with Engineering leadership to ensure smooth communication between Designers and Engineers to ship products on time and with the functionality to delight customers

What You Bring:

10 years of technology leadership (directly managing people) focused on B2B technologies, preferable in IaaSPaaSSaaS; at least 8 years of design management experience
Experience with Agile software development balanced with enterprise software customer needs
Strong experience in UI development with HTMLCSSJavaScript, React is a plus
Experience with modern UI standards (accessibility, responsive design, performance)
Experience building and maintaining a long-term roadmap on an environment of constant change
Experience building interfaces and tools for developers and engineering teams
Experience meeting enterprise customers and directly addressing design direction and roadmap inquiries
Strong ability to influence and work cross-functionally
Excellent communication and presentation skills
You have experience methodically developing designers skills and careers
You excel at motivating and inspiring people to do their best work
You have experience recruiting and building product design teams
You are relentlessly customer-focused
Your best work is done in a highly collaborative way
You can find a meaningful balance between optimizing for speed, quality, and doing innovative work


Oktas Top 5 Core Leadership Competencies are part of the deeply ingrained principles that guide all of our companys actions. They also align strongly to our cultural cornerstones, our Okta values: love our customers, empower our people, never stop innovating, act with integrity, and maintain transparency. Its our expectation that our managers and leaders embody these core competencies:

Builds Effective Teams: Building strong-identity teams that apply their diverse skills and perspectives to achieve common goals       
Demonstrates Self-Awareness (EQ): Using a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses
Develops Talent: Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organizations goals
Drives Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances
Strategic Mindset: Seeing ahead to future possibilities and translating them into breakthrough strategies

LI-Remote

LI-DH2
Below is the annual base salary range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus.   The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:208,000—291,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 