Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Product Description
Okta Workflows is the foundation for secure integration between cloud services. By harnessing the power of the cloud, Okta allows people to quickly integrate different services, while still enforcing strong security policies. It integrates directly with an organizations existing services such as directories and identity systems, as well as many other applications.
With Okta Workflows, organizations can automate processes quickly, easily, at a large scale, and low total cost - all within an intuitive, no-code interface. Hundreds of customers, including NTT, MGM, Netflix, and more, trust Okta Workflows to help their organizations work faster, boost revenue, and stay secure.
 
Position Description
We are looking for a full-stack JavaScript engineer that has a deep understanding of both backend service engineering and user interface development. In this role, you will be a vital part of our Workflows Integrated Development Environment team.
You will share our passion and great pride in building elegant solutions and will join an engineering team that prioritizes scalability, rigorous code reviews, automated testing, and an iterative approach to build high-quality, next-generation enterprise software. You will be part of a full-stack engineering team at Okta that provides opportunities to investigate new technologies and share knowledge, tools, code, and best practices. You will get an opportunity to solve hard problems while partnering with product management and user experience teams examining and refining requirements to deliver an amazing customer experience. 
Our team is fast, innovative, and flexible, with an agile release cycle and personal project ownership. We expect great things from our engineers and reward them with stimulating new projects, emerging technologies, and the chance to have significant equity in a company that is about to change the cloud computing landscape forever.
 
Role Details:

Lead, design, architect and build high-quality scalable software by enforcing best practices around software engineering architecture and processes
Collaborate with product owners, UX, and engineering teams to scope and plan engineering efforts and dependencies
Own your code at all stages of the lifecycle - design, implementation, test automation, delivery, and monitoring - to provide high-quality products to our customers.
Contribute to the design and implementation of new products and features while also working down our existing technical debt 
Raise the bar on engineering excellence by improving standard methodologies, producing best in class of code, documentation, testing, and monitoring
Conduct code reviews, retrospectives, and other continuous improvement activities
Collaborate with QA, Technical Support, Documentation, and UX team
Be a mentor for colleagues and help promote knowledge-sharing

 
Experience: 

8 years of software engineering experience building highly reliable, mission-critical software.
Extensive knowledge of JavaScript language, along with experience building Express and ReactJS applications.
Experience shipping robust services and user interfaces for production-grade applications in an agile, product-oriented environment.
Experience working with cloud systems at scale.
Prior experience with consuming andor designing REST APIs.
Excellent grasp of software development and testing principles.
Excellent communication skills and strong product sense.

 
Nice to Haves:

Knowledge in PostgreSQL
Familiarity with TypeScript
Knowledge in Docker  Kubernetes

 
Education and Training:

Bachelors in Computer Science, or relevant industry experience

 
 
LI-Remote
 Below is the annual base salary range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus.   The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:158,000—221,000 USD                                The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:  175,000—245,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 