Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Oktas Sales Development Representatives are high energy professionals that drive thedemand, awareness, and interest for our market-leading cloud Security solutions. You willpartner and collaborate closely with members of our Account Executive and Marketing teams togenerate qualified sales leads, set meetings, and yield new deal opportunities. Were looking forprofessionals with strong organizational and follow up skills who work well in a teamenvironment. Prior lead generation or sales prospecting experience and a degree would be abig plus for this role.
Were an identity company. Identity matters because were all unique. We were raised incountries, cities, and towns. We have unique backgrounds. Weve faced specific challenges.And weve learned a lot along the way. At Okta we believe those experiences equip us to look atthe world with our own perspective. Our product protects your right to be you, and we wantevery single one of our employees to feel a sense of belonging, acceptance, and comfort toexpress their ideas, because ultimately our differences are what makes us great.
 
The role in summary:
 Uncover and approach prospects to generate new business opportunities to fuel thesales pipeline Help create and prioritize strategic target account lists within a defined territory Research and build new and existing accounts (i.e.: adding contacts, emails, strategiccalling) Conduct high-level conversations with Senior Executives in prospect accounts Evangelize Okta and the On-Demand mode Achieve monthly quotas of qualified opportunities and closed business
 
Skills needed to be successful:
 Previous prospecting experience Experience in working to sales targets, KPIs or under time pressure would be a plus Salesforce.com experience Excellent writtenverbal communication skills Strong problem-solving skills Highly motivated, driven and self-starting individual who is goal orientated Ability to work in a fast-paced, team environment Ability to understand customer needs and meet that need with a successful product sale Excellent time managementorganizational skills A passion for the Tech Saas industry Fluency in English and Dutch 
 
LI-AK1 What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 