Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The SLED Sales Team
We are seeking an exceptional, growth-minded sales leader to join our team as a SLED Area Sales Director. This position reports to the Vice President, SLED Sales. The SLED Area Sales Director will define market tactics to meet annual business goals. This person will establish and lead a cross-functional team of experienced SLED account executives in growing a productive and sustainable sales pipeline across the complex territory. This person will help transform and integrate all GTM functions, evolving an already world-class field operation, while achieving significant revenue growth annually. In addition to requisite passion, skills, and experience, the successful candidate will have a measurable track record in building and managing large, high performing sales organizations. This individual will play a key role in driving a significant share of revenue for Okta. 
Area Sales Director SLED Opportunity
Reporting to the Vice President of SLED Sales, this role will manage a team of SLED Account Executives and spearhead the expansion of a global market leader leveraging the existing local customer references, partner base, and alliance relationships. 
What youll be doing 

Attract, recruit, hire, and mentor the SLED Account Executive sales team. 
Create an open, inclusive team oriented environment, building a results-driven culture of accountability and transparency.
Lead by example, set expectations, follow through effectively and provide coaching and mentorship as needed and ensure that managers do the same for their team.
Be accountable for consistently delivering and overachieving against targets  ensuring Oktas goals, and objectives are achieved consistently and sustainably.
Analyze data and dynamics to maximize existing successes and to create new sales growth opportunities
Accurately forecast monthly, quarterly, and annual targets for assigned regions; establish and manage data and supporting metrics (pipeline coverage, ASP, etc.)
Effectively develop, design, build, and execute all aspects of the Strategic business plan to predictably and consistently generate short-term results while holding a long-term perspective of overall results.
Put into place sales force structure, process strategies, and strategic resource plans that will capture key opportunities in target markets, SLED accountsprospects, partners or industry verticals throughout the Region.
Own the pipeline generation strategy and with internal stakeholders to execute against the strategy.
Maintain market intelligence and develop strategies to maintain Oktas leadership position.
Exhibit a growth mindset with the ability to outline the long term vision and strategy.

What youll bring to the role

10 years experience building and running SLED sales teams in the software industry
3 years experience as a front line sales leader
This role must sit in the SoutheastMid-Atlantic Region
Must have previously led a 20M (minimum) ARR sales organization with 40 growth
Deep understanding of SaaS  Cloud Go-To-Market and the required roles for effective customer engagement
Relevant software industry experience in any of the following: IT systems, cloud enterprise or infrastructure management, application development and management, security, business applications andor analytics. 
History of consistently meetingexceeding targets and objectives personally and as a leader
Excellent leadership and influencing skills; ability to build strong business partnerships both outside, and within the organization
Mastery of consultativesolution selling methodologies like MEDDPICC, Challenger, Solution Selling, and Sandler
Technical aptitude and are experienced selling into CEOs, CFOs, CIOs, CTOs and Lines of Business

Oktas Top 5 Core Leadership Competencies are part of the deeply ingrained principles that guide all of our companys actions. They also align strongly to our cultural cornerstones, our Okta values: love our customers, empower our people, never stop innovating, act with integrity, and maintain transparency. Its our expectation that our managers and leaders embody these core competencies:

Builds Effective Teams: Building strong-identity teams that apply their diverse skills and perspectives to achieve common goals.          
Demonstrates Self-Awareness (EQ): Using a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses.
Develops Talent: Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organizations goals.
Drives Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances.
Strategic Mindset: Seeing ahead to future possibilities and translating them into breakthrough strategies.

LI-RemoteBelow is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus. The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:320,000—480,000 USD                                         The OTE range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:320,000—480,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 