Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.
The Business Technology Enterprise Product Team
The Business Technology teams mission is to Accelerate Oktas Scale and Growth and this position plays a critical role in achieving that goal responsible for defining and leading teams to implement an end-to-end solution strategy across the Enterprise Go-to-Market Product teams. It is a key member of the leadership team reporting to the Vice President, Enterprise Product.
The Director, GTM Systems Opportunity
The Director of Go-to-Market Systems contributes a depth of knowledge of the business, including Marketing, Sales, Partners and RevOps, with an understanding of our users and how they leverage our products, as well as a passion for tracking industry trends and the evolving technology landscape. They will serve as a strategic consultative partner to Executive and C-Suite stakeholders to translate business strategy into products that deliver high-quality experiences. This position requires an ability to think strategically and scale for future growth, as well as execute tactically to meet short-term goals. This position will lead global enterprise product teams comprised of solution architects, product managers, product owners, and product analysts
What youll be doing 

Optimize processes and technology solutions to support long-term scale that fosters rapid growth and transformation
Partner with business leaders to ensure successful execution of outcomes-focused strategy and roadmap
Ensure the team is using data to prioritize the roadmap maximizing business value impact
Define and implement a framework to track core business metrics related to the product and product team delivery
Collaboratively drive initiatives end-to-end with senior management ensuring accountability and transparency; raising and tracking issues, removing roadblocks, and resolving issues involving cross-functional team members when appropriate
Lead the team through a global agile transformation adopting product operating mindset 
Hire, develop, and lead an inclusive, empowered, engaged, and high-performing team

What youll bring to the role

12-15 years experience in a leadership role working on enterprise systems as a product manager, product strategist or implementation consultant
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, comfortable speaking publicly to large audiences of senior leaders and executives
Experience collecting, synthesizing, and prioritizing user input from multiple sources 
Demonstrated track record of delivering transformational initiatives and programs to deliver outcomes-based business value 
Demonstrated strategic planning, critical thinking and influence skills
Proven experience with designing, implementing, and supporting critical business processes in Salesforce and related tools in the sales and marketing tech stack ecosystem


Oktas Top 5 Core Leadership Competencies are part of the deeply ingrained principles that guide all of our companys actions. They also align strongly to our cultural cornerstones, our Okta values: love our customers, empower our people, never stop innovating, act with integrity, and maintain transparency. Its our expectation that our managers and leaders embody these core competencies:

Builds Effective Teams: Building strong-identity teams that apply their diverse skills and perspectives to achieve common goals.          
Demonstrates Self-Awareness (EQ): Using a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses.
Develops Talent: Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organizations goals.
Drives Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances.
Strategic Mindset: Seeing ahead to future possibilities and translating them into breakthrough strategies.

LI-RA1
LI-RemoteBelow is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus. The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:208,000—291,000 USD                                         The OTE range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:232,000—325,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 