Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Crypto team is responsible for the cryptographic heart of Customer Identity. As a company that handles some of our customers most sensitive information, ensuring that it is done so securely is of paramount importance to us. Operating at the core of our Product Engineering, this team has a hand in everything related to signing, encryption and hashing; from secure storage of secrets and sensitive data, to management and rotation of keys. 
This team works very closely with our Security Organisation to ensure that we follow best practices and standards-compliant handling of sensitive information within our platform. This role is for Software Engineers with a passion for Security and someone who wants to be a part of making the Internet safer.
If applying what our colleague Aida tells on this article raises your interest you will be a good candidate!
You will:

Build internal libraries and APIs that help our engineering teams leverage best practices in cryptography and data security.
Design and build best-in-class solutions for Key and Secret Management.
Collaborate with Security, Architecture and Product Engineering teams.
Partner with other Engineering teams to drive adoption across the product.
Contribute to improving Auth0s product architecture patterns, security controls and best practices.
Be part of a core service.

You are a good fit if you:

You have a systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with strong communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.
You have designed applications and systems that scale, are resilient to failure, and are observable.
You have a detailed knowledge of security best practices.
You are very familiar with top security risks and their mitigations.
You have 4 years of practical experience developing and improving applications in NodeJS, Golang or similar.
You know how to communicate your ideas with other teams members, we work remotely and async collaboration is king.
You are a team player.

If you dont fill all the requirements but you still think you can be a good addition to our team, lets talk anyway!What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 