Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Senior Software Engineer (Customer Identity)
This role is for you if you like being at the center of the action, its for you if you like to help people to grow and if you like solving non-trivial problems, transforming them into smaller easier problems.
IAM is the Engineering Domain that takes care of the core of the Auth0 application: the authentication pipeline, the protocols, the sessions, anomaly detection and customer security detection and response mechanisms.
The Foundations team is an enabler to our other IAM product teams, ensuring we have effective tooling and shared capabilities, as well as robust cross-team utilitary services that allow them to focus on delivering business value and increases their velocity, whilst ensuring they can grow faster and safely with the paved roads Foundation builds and maintains.
We mostly work with a NodeJS backend (Javascript or Typescript), and use MongoDB,  PostgreSQL and Redis to store our data. Our services run on AWS and Azure.
If you like tackling hard problems at scale and making them simpler, we cant wait to talk to you.
As a Senior Software Engineer, you will: 

Learn about identity and security and how Auth0 and Okta enables companies around the world to securely innovate.
Take ownership of designing and building new and evolving existing features and services within our ecosystem, with a focus on enabling our product teams to safely move faster.
Work with and be exposed to many of the latest cloud technologies and best practices.
Join a highly collaborative environment where you will be learning from and teaching other amazing engineers, within your and across other teams in the organization.
Work alongside our Engineering, Product, Security, Design, QA and other disciplines to deliver features that delight our customers. 

Youre a good fit for this role if:

You have 4 years of software development experience.
You have practical experience using Node.js (JavaScript or Typescript).
You have experience creating and maintaining public APIs andor packages.
You are passionate about designing, implementing and troubleshooting distributed systems that are highly-reliable, maintainable and scalable.
You are passionate about good engineering practices and testing.
You have experience working with Cloud environments (AWS preferred).

Bonus points if:

You have experience in the identity and access management (IAM) domain.
You have experience working with a fully distributed, remote team.
You have a robust knowledge of security engineering and application security.
You have experience with developer enablement and accelerating development teams through best practices and shared tooling.

LI-JP2 
LI-Remote
 What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 