Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.You will proactively construct and own a research roadmap for a section of the Workforce Identity  Access Management space, working closely with your design, product, and engineering partners to ensure that your research is aligned to the highest priority needs of the product area, and informing both long and near-term decisions. You will cultivate and nurture a culture of curiosity and learning across your cross functional team by ensuring that designers, product managers, and engineers are able to leverage foundational and evaluative insights in their day-to-day work.   
In this role, youll get to:

You will proactively construct and own a research roadmap for a key product area at Okta,  working closely with your design, product, and engineering partners to ensure that your research is aligned to the highest priority needs of the product area, and informing both long and near-term decisions.
Grow and develop a research practice for a product pillar that unlocks customer insights and value, ultimately moving the business forward 
Solve complex problems, bringing stakeholders together across multiple teams to scope problems and collaborate on research in ways that nurture a culture of curiosity and learning
Exercise flexibility in research methodology (as appropriate for the product space and timeline) by selecting, designing and utilizing qualitative and quantitative methodologies, appropriately  
Facilitate cross-discipline research to drive clarity and decision-making
Design mechanisms to build up customer empathy and deep knowledge of our partners, end users, consumers, administrators, and other identified audiences
Represent your research to diverse audiences across the organization by telling compelling stories that motivate others to solve complex needs with your insights. 
Handle multiple projects and tasks concurrently
Leads cross functional team rituals in ways that promote a positive team culture

You could be a fit if you have:

Proven experience as an embedded UX Researcher with a track record of identifying and elevating user needs and driving the delivering of value to them.  
Experience utilizing various research methods (e.g., usability studies, contextual inquiry, surveys, etc.)
Experience leveraging research to make the business successful and applying your technical understanding to accomplish company goals.
Proficiency in communicating user research findings with cross-functional partners to drive impact
Experience with products made for developers, administrators, or other technical audiences
Strong ability to plan, prioritize and organize effectively and independently
Strong decision making and problem solving capabilities while working with constraints 
History of effective communication with all levels of management and company personnel
Excellent communication skills
Empathy for users, knowledge of and passion for the technical experiences
Experience working on security products is a plus
Experience facilitating large cross functional groups to achieve a common goal
Are a voracious learner and coach to people around you, raising the bar for the team.  

Education

Bachelors or Masters degree in anthropology, sociology, psychology, human-computer interaction (or other related field)

LI-Remote
LI-MMBelow is the annual base salary range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus.   The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:140,000—189,000 USD                                The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:  156,000—211,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 