Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Okta is looking for a Sr Software Engineer in Test to join our Admin Core Experience team for both automation and end-to-end testing. 
The Admin Core Experience team owns the Feature Flag framework which provides a framework to release new features and SKUs to Okta customers.
The ideal candidate will share our passion and great pride in the simple elegance and usability of our solution and will join an engineering team that strongly believes in automated testing and an iterative process to build high-quality enterprise software and service.
Job Duties and Responsibilities: 

Develop test plans and automation for high-performance, scalable software components and APIs
Validate authentication related fixes
Automated test development, design and code reviews
Build end to end functional and automated test plans that cover customer scenarios
Work with the QA team and engineering management to scope and plan QA and test engineering efforts
Contribute to functional testing of new code
Design and implement scalable and reliable automated tests
Interface with Development, Technical Support, Documentation and UX teams

Knowledge, Skills, And Abilities: 

5 years of experience with Java-based test automation
Experience with testing UI using Selenium and related technologies (React, Backbone.js, etc)
Solid grasp of software engineering, test methodologies and automation tools
Ability to work with minimum supervision to deliver well-designed, high-quality test code on time

Nice to have:

Experience in globalization and localization testing 
Experience with Spring, REST, Maven, EC2, Redis, MySQL, and Tomcat desirable
Knowledge of network security, encryption, authentication, and authorization
Experience in standard authentication and authorization protocols such as SAML, OAuth and OpenID

Education and Training: 

B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science or related field

LI-RemoteLI-MMBelow is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus. The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:140,000—189,000 USD                                         The OTE range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:156,000—211,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 