Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.
Okta is searching for a SOX Program Senior Manager to join its internal audit team and manage Oktas global SOX program. The ideal candidate is a self-motivated team leader capable of leading with confidence who possesses strong organization and project management skills. Reporting to the Senior Director of Internal Audit, key operational responsibilities include:

Oversee Oktas global SOX program, including coordination with Internal Audit leadership, internal business process and system owners, and external auditors
Direct the planning, scheduling, and execution of the annual SOX program to determine whether internal controls over financial reporting are designed and operating effectively
Lead the annual SOX program with confidence and minimal supervision
Proactively identify business changes that have an impact on the design or operating effectiveness of controls.
Develop collaborative relationships with business and IT stakeholders
Identify and direct opportunities to leverage technology in order to rationalize or automate control activities
Direct managements annual segregation of duties analysis and fraud risk assessment
Oversee the quarterly control certification process

Required Qualifications:

BABS degree in accounting, finance or similar discipline
At least 8 years experience in Big Four andor internal audit with a publicly traded company
Strong project management skills with proven ability to drive projects to timely completion while managing multiple competing priorities
Demonstrated experience directing resources in the execution of evaluating SOX processes and controls across both business processes and IT general controls
Deep knowledge of risks across business processes and technology, including experience evaluating and reviewing controls across both domains
Experience operating independently while collaborating with a global team
Strong analytical skills and high standards of accuracy and attention to detail
Strong English language proficiency (verbal and written)
You embrace and advocate the Okta culture

 Preferred Qualifications:

CPA, CA, CIA, andor CISA certifications
Knowledge of the COSO framework
Auditboard experience

The ideal candidate will work as part of a high-performance culture built around autonomy and responsibility.

 
Oktas Top 5 Core Leadership Competencies are part of the deeply ingrained principles that guide all of our companys actions. They also align strongly to our cultural cornerstones, our Okta values: love our customers, empower our people, never stop innovating, act with integrity, and maintain transparency. Its our expectation that our managers and leaders embody these core competencies:

Builds Effective Teams: Building strong-identity teams that apply their diverse skills and perspectives to achieve common goals.          
Demonstrates Self-Awareness (EQ): Using a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses.
Develops Talent: Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organizations goals.
Drives Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances.
Strategic Mindset: Seeing ahead to future possibilities and translating them into breakthrough strategies.
What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 