Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.
The Site Reliability Engineering Team
Oktas Customer Identity Cloud (CIC), powered by Auth0 technology, is an 
easy-to-implement authentication and authorization platform designed by developers for developers.  We make access to applications safe, secure, and seamless for the more than 100 million daily logins around the world. Our modern approach to identity enables this Tier- global service to deliver convenience, privacy, and security so customers can focus on innovation.
The Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) team in Okta CIC Platform Organization is responsible for the operations and site reliability of Okta CIC. The SRE team is distributed globally across 3 regions: Americas, Europe and Asia.
The Director, Site Reliability Engineering Opportunity
Reporting to the VP of Platform Engineering and Operations, this role will build a world class Site Reliability Engineering team and drive improvements in operations and site reliability for a new Converged Platform for Okta CICs Public and Private Clouds.
What youll be doing 

Lead a global team of 30 SREs that is responsible for the operations of the infrastructure and services
Drive incident response for the infrastructure and services
Collaborate with cross-functional Engineering teams and drive roadmap for improvements in site reliability

What youll bring to the role

Leadership experience at the director level, managing teams distributed globally
Experience leading operations or SRE teams for a SaaS offering at scale
Extensive experience with major cloud providers such as AWS or Azure
Strong experience leading Incident Response
Engineering experience leading site reliability improvements

And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following! 

Cloud native technologies such as Kubernetes, managed Datastores (MongoDB Atlas and Aurora Postgres), edge network vendors, etc.
Observability tooling such as DataDog, OpenSearch, etc.
Infrastructure as Code with Terraform
Third party vendor management


Oktas Top 5 Core Leadership Competencies are part of the deeply ingrained principles that guide all of our companys actions. They also align strongly to our cultural cornerstones, our Okta values: love our customers, empower our people, never stop innovating, act with integrity, and maintain transparency. Its our expectation that our managers and leaders embody these core competencies:

Builds Effective Teams: Building strong-identity teams that apply their diverse skills and perspectives to achieve common goals.          
Demonstrates Self-Awareness (EQ): Using a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses.
Develops Talent: Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organizations goals.
Drives Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances.
Strategic Mindset: Seeing ahead to future possibilities and translating them into breakthrough strategies.
Below is the annual base salary range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus.   The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:208,000—291,000 USD                                The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:  232,000—325,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 