Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.

The Engineering Team
We are looking for top-notch back-end software engineers to solve some of the most challenging Okta Engineering problems and own the performance and scale of our growing Identity as a Service Platform. The Performance Engineering team is responsible for managing and safeguarding the resources that back the global Okta Identity Cloud services. This team performs comprehensive system analysis across all tech stack layers to optimize resource usage and identify areas where the resilience and scalability of our services can be increased. Features developed by this team assist in supporting the traffic generated by thousands of organizations and millions of daily active users worldwide. Working with teams across the entire engineering organization, this team relentlessly drives toward improved code performance, higher system scalability, and strong ownership of the products we build.
We hope you share our passion for our work and want to join an engineering team that strongly believes in automated testing and an iterative process to build high-quality next-generation cloud platforms. Our elite team is fast, innovative, and flexible. We expect great things from our engineers and reward them with stimulating new projects and emerging technologies.
What youll be doing 

Design and implement frameworks to protect and optimize critical system resources
Create and monitor meaningful performance metrics for various components of the Okta service
Assist in developing and implementing models for infrastructure capacity
Advise other teams within engineering on scalable and performant feature design and implementation
Participate in scheduled on-call rotations that explores critical performance-related customer escalations

What we are looking for

Experience as a software developer working with Java or a similar language
Experience with SQL and related technologies, preferably MySQL and Hibernate
Experience in a role with a focus on performance aspects of SaaS offering
Experience in Query optimization and relational database schema design
Expertise in any of the following: Redis, Storm, ElasticSearch, Cassandra
Experience troubleshooting or tuning SAASPAASIAAS performance 
Education and Training: B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science or related field

LI-Onsite 

What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 