Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Oktas Customer Identity Cloud (CIC), powered by Auth0 technology, is an easy-to-implement authentication and authorization platform designed by developers for developers. We make access to applications safe, secure, and seamless for over 100 million daily logins worldwide.
Within CIC, the Platform Data team builds services and operates data pipeline infrastructure to support event streaming, messaging, and analytics use cases. We are looking for senior data platform engineers who are passionate about distributed systems, platform engineering, and data privacy. In this high-impact role, you will build and enhance foundational data protection and privacy controls in our data platform. You will partner extensively with architects and business stakeholders, to build and support infrastructure used by the entire ecosystem of CIC services.
What youll be doing

Writing maintainable, efficient code using proven patterns to solve complex problems
Design, develop, and operate highly scalable services for data-intensive use cases, with a focus on data privacy
Evaluate and advocate for modern technologies to accelerate value delivery and improve engineering efficiency
Carry cross-team initiatives from end to end: code reviews, design reviews, operational robustness, security hygiene, etc
Participate in teams on-call rotation to build operational excellence on services we support

What youll bring to our teams

4 years of software development experience in a fast-paced, agile environment
Coding and debugging experience with a general-purpose programming language, to implement data privacy and protection controls
Understanding of database fundamentals
Experience with reliability engineering on areas such as observability and incident management
Strong written and verbal communication skills to collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders

Extra points

Experience in data privacy engineering and in building software controls for data protection
Experience building data-intensive systems leveraging technologies such as Kafka or Spark
Familiarity with cloud providers (AWS, Azure) and container technologies such as Kubernetes, Docker
Familiarity with or interest in the Identity and Access Management (IAM) business domain

LI-Remote
EZ-1What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 