Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.At Okta our motto is Always On, and nowhere do we embrace that more than in the EMEA  Infrastructure Platform team. We strive to build the most reliable and performant systems on the planet. If you like to be challenged and have a passion for solving problems at scale with automation, testing and tuning then we would love to hear from you. The ideal candidate is someone who exemplifies the ethics of, If you have to do something more than once, automate it, and who can rapidly self-educate on new concepts and tools.
You will work on:

Designing, building, running and monitoring Oktas production infrastructure
Responding to production incidents and determining how we can prevent them in the future
Triaging and troubleshooting complex production issues to ensure reliability and performance
Identifying and automating manual processes
Continuously evolving our tools and platform
Promoting and applying best practices for building scalable and reliable services across engineering
Developing and maintaining technical documentation, runbooks, and procedures
Supporting a 24x7 online environment as part of an on-call rotation

You are an ideal candidate if you:

You are a new graduate or an early career SREDevOps looking for a challenge at a global market leading company
Interest in operating systems, containers and maintaining highly-reliable, mission-critical software at scale.
Ability to program in at least one programming language (e.g. Java, python, ruby, golang)
Ability to administer a Linux operating system
Previous cybersecurity experience
Knowledge of RDBMS, NoSQL databases, Containers or Application Servers (experience in one or more preferred)
Understanding of networking, encryption, authentication and authorization
Experience using with a cloud web service and its API (AWSGCP)
Based in the UK -  unfortunately we do not offer sponsorship or relocation for this role 

Education and Training:

B.S. Computer Science (plus) or relevant experience

Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
LI-SB3What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 