Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.The Platform Network Engineering TeamOktas Customer Identity Cloud (CIC), powered by Auth0 technology, is an easy-to-implement authentication and authorization platform designed by developers for developers. We make access to applications safe, secure, and seamless for over 100 million daily logins worldwide. Our modern approach to identity enables this Tier 0 global service to deliver convenience, privacy, and security so customers can focus on innovation.
The Senior Software Engineer OpportunityYou will be part of the Platform Network engineering team responsible for all connectivity of Oktas Customer Identity Cloud (CIC). You will play a key engineering role as we evolve our network architecture to meet the demands of enormous growth and support the hundreds of millions of users who rely on us to provide uninterrupted access. You will get to work with engineers throughout the engineering organization.
What youll be doing

Implement internal and edge networking infrastructure and design solutions that work at global scale and with multi-cloud and multi-region constraints.
Carry cross-team initiatives from end to end: code reviews, design reviews, operational robustness, security hygiene, etc.
Design and develop new services, tools, and automation to expose network functionality to other Okta engineering and operations teams.
Research and implement solutions addressing cross-cutting concerns such as routing, failover, and scaling.
Participate in the teams on-call rotation.

What youll bring to the role

Have 3 years of software development experience in cloud-native services like API.
Demonstrable knowledge of TCPIP, DNS, HTTP, and TLS.
Have DevOps experience using cloud-agnostic, cloud-native technologies..
Have experience managing infrastructure with Terraform.
Have experience contributing to Go-based services.
Have a passion for working on global distributed systems that are highly reliable, maintainable, scalable, and secure.
Tend to deliver work incrementally to get feedback and iterate over solutions.
Bring the right attitude to the team: ownership, accountability, and attention to detail.

And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following!

Experience with using cloud providers such as AWS or Azure and major content delivery networks.
Have an understanding of Kubernetes, including ingress controllers, sidecar, overlay networks, network policies, etc.

LI-Remote
LI-EZ1What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 