Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.
Were looking for a driven sales development leader who is passionate about people and pipeline. 
Sales Development at Okta is a specialized team focused on the Top of the Funnel built to generate repeatable quality pipeline. We are a team of trustworthy, high performing, productive, and motivated individuals, where the work is meaningful and achievements are recognized. We operate in a fast paced, innovative environment in hyper growth mode.
In this highly visible role, you will lead a team of sales development representatives who are responsible for both inbound lead processing as well as cold outbound outreach. Youll collaborate with Sales, Demand Generation, Recruiting, HR, Sales Enablement and Operations teams to develop our people while achieving amazing results. 
We believe in hiring outstanding professionals and give them the autonomy to run their own business. We invest in our people by providing them training, professional development and access to the best tools and technology in the industry. We value innovation and welcome new ideas. 
What youll do

Develop your teams quarterly plan to meetexceed pipeline targets
Hire and onboard new Sales Development Representatives, who are often young professionals earlier in their career 
Develop your teams skills for outbound prospecting, qualifying, and Opportunity creation
Provide your team with regular coaching, feedback, and professional development
Closely monitor metrics and KPIs with the aim to increase productivity
Work closely with sales managers and account executives to ensure proper alignment on account coverage, target personas, opportunity quality and SDR to AE hand-off
Articulate the business value of Okta, and maintain in-depth knowledge of the Okta platform, our competitors, and industry trends
Manage quota achievements on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis.

What youll bring 

2 years in sales or sales development or 1 years leading a team 
Effective presentation and listening skills
Excellent interpersonal, communication and conflict resolution skills
Strong analytical skills and ability to make data driven decisions 
Expertise in using Salesforce.com (other sales development toolsmethodologies is a plus)
Proven ability to effectively hire and train new people
Comfort working in fast-paced environments and ability to operate with some level of ambiguity 
Experience prospecting or selling into Enterprise accounts

Oktas Top 5 Core Leadership Competencies are part of the deeply ingrained principles that guide all of our companys actions. They also align strongly to our cultural cornerstones, our Okta values: love our customers, empower our people, never stop innovating, act with integrity, and maintain transparency. Its our expectation that our managers and leaders embody these core competencies:

Builds Effective Teams: Building strong-identity teams that apply their diverse skills and perspectives to achieve common goals.          
Demonstrates Self-Awareness (EQ): Using a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses.
Develops Talent: Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organizations goals.
Drives Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances.
Strategic Mindset: Seeing ahead to future possibilities and translating them into breakthrough strategies.

 

Below is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus. The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:120,000—180,000 CAD                                         The OTE range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:120,000—180,000 CADWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 