Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Our India Pre-Sales Technical Hub
Okta is opening a brand new office in Bangalore to help fuel our growth in APJ. As part of this, we will grow a Pre-Sales innovation centre made up of exceptional talent. In this team, you will focus on serving customers in our Commercial segments; which ranges from digitally native start-ups to scaling SMBs. 
As a Solutions Engineer you will:

Support our customers along their sales journey by showing them the value of the Okta technology through live demonstrations and sales presentations.
Sell directly to Developers, Product Managers and at times, more senior executives across a range of industries.
Have a focus on our Customer Identity (CIAM) product and be able to model how this solution will support their current architecture requirements and use cases
Execute well-defined, outcome-focused POCs
Maintain a broad and deep technical understanding of the Okta product line and the underlying technologies and protocols
Occasionally participate in local and regional events evangelising Okta as a presenter and an attendee.

We are looking for:

Some experience with either frontend or backend coding languages; such as Javascript, React, Angular, Java, C, Node.js, Python, PHP or Ruby
Experience working with REST APIs and SDKs 
Ability to communicate complex ideas and solutions, incorporating white-boarding, practical examples, and product demonstrations
Experience in a customer-facing role such as Consulting, Customer Support, Teaching, or Pre-Sales
Youre a natural at building relationships, listening, and managing time well

Bonus points for:

Experience with at one or more authentication or authorisation protocol (OAuth, OAuth2, OIDC, SAML, LDAP)
Experience building web applications, incorporating both front and backend languagesframeworks
Mobile (iOS, Android) development
Experience working with HTTP, HTML, and REST services. This includes the ability to use the dev tools in a browser to explain HTTP traffic and an HTTP client (like curl or Postman) to interact with an HTTP service
Understanding of core security concerns within a typical application (password hashing, SSLTLS, encryption at rest, XSS, XSRF)

LI-LR1What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 