Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Business Development Representative
The Business Development team is growing!
For the high-energy lead generation professional, the Business Development Representative is a great opportunity to help drive demand for our market-leading cloud adoption and management solution.
You will be working strategically with both Marketing and Sales teams in a business development and lead generation capacity, which will allow you to thrive in our dynamic, high-activity environment. Working closely with the marketing, you will own contacting prospective customers and for qualifying opportunities for the Okta solution. Working with our seasoned account executives you will map out and build pipeline, and help resolve our most effective marketing channels.
At Okta we bolster promoting from within and with our current growth plans and the acceleration were seeing in our business, strong performance in this role can definitely lead to upward mobility within the sales organisation.
Our sales representatives are high-energy, self-motivated, agile and able to change hats on the fly. In this highly prized role, excellent phone and email skills and the ability to quickly assess customer opportunities will be critical to your success. You will be responsible for accurately tracking customer interactions and information in our CRM system. Were looking for professionals with strong organisational and follow up skills who work well in a team environment.
As a German Business development representative you will:

Generate new business opportunities to fuel the sales pipeline
Efficiently respond and qualify inbound marketing leads
Understand prospects pains and needs and build prospect relationships
Conduct high level conversations with Senior Executives in prospect accounts
Evangelize Okta and the On-Demand mode
Exceed monthly quotas of qualified opportunities

You would be an ideal candidate for this role: 

Fluent in German  English
Excellent writtenverbal communication skills
Strong analytical skills
Highly motivated, driven and self-starting individual
Ability to work in a dynamic, team environment
Ability to understand customer needs and meet that need with a successful product sale
Excellent time management  organisational skills
Bachelors degree from an accredited university

 
Prior lead generation or sales prospecting experience and a college degree will enhance your candidacy for this role. If this sounds like the type of environment in which you thrive, then we want to talk to you about this career-defining opportunity.
Why Us? 

Competitive salary  uncapped commission structure!
Shares in Okta (RSUs)
Great benefits including pension  medical
Catered lunches  snack program
Okta for Good volunteer program so you can give back to your community

 
LI-AK1What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 