Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Workforce Identity Cloud
Okta Workforce Identity Cloud (WIC) provides easy, secure access for your workforce so you can focus on other strategic priorities—like reducing costs, and doing more for your customers.
 What youll be doing:
Office 365 has consistently been ranked number one as the most used application across the Okta Integration network by Oktas customers. Building a high-quality integration is strategic and critical to Oktas long-term growth and success. 
We are looking for a product manager who can define the future vision and strategic direction of how Okta integrates with Office 365 and lead an awesome team to execute that vision. The ideal candidate for this role is someone familiar with Microsofts cloud offerings - Azure Active Directory, Intune, Office 365, and Windows 10, and has prior experience building products that integrate with other SaaS applications and evangelizing these integrations to customers and internal stakeholders. You will partner closely with engineering, design, marketing, and other product teams in this role to lead the product roadmap and execution for Office 365 integrations.
1 - Driving the future roadmap for O365 and Azure Integrations: You understand the nuances of the latest trends in Microsoft products and how Okta customers leverage them within their larger ecosystem. You have a vision and plan to bring many parts into a seamless customer experience. 
 2 - Understanding key customer requirements and integration use cases across Okta. This means collaborating across product teams, predicting future scenarios and needs ahead of others, and being creative about various ways to handle customers needs. You should be able to manage high-profile customers and stressful situations because you own a product with high adoption across Okta customers.
 3  Executing a highly technical product roadmap. You collaborate with engineering and design to ship features that require a deep understanding of the customers technical complexities. You can develop creative short-term and long-term solutions to address customer issues and collaborate with other teams across Okta to achieve the same.
 4  Evangelising our Okta platform and integrations. You should be an internal and external evangelist for Oktas integration with Microsoft products and advocate why customers should choose Okta as their 
5 - Competitive Understanding. Work with technical marketing and sales to deeply understand the Microsoft landscape. Keep your finger on the pulse of market changes and understand where trends are heading.
What youll bring to the role:
 Required: 

BS In computer science (or equivalent experience).
3 years of product management or related experience 
Experience across the product management lifecycle for enterprise products or services
Excellent communication skills (presentation, verbal, and written)
Strong leadership skills and presence
Track record of successful delivery of company-critical projects

 Preferred:

Prior experience building integration products with other SaaS applications
Experience with Microsoft Technologies (Windows 10, Azure AD, Intune, Conditional Access) and Identity standards (SAML, OIDC, WS-Fed) is a massive plus

LI-Hybrid
LI-JB2What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 