Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.This role requires the SDR to work out of the Washington DC office. The candidate would be required to relocate (if not already in that location) within a specific timeframe agreed upon with the manager  recruiting. Okta will not provide relocation assistance.
Okta is looking for Sales Development Representatives (SDRs) to research accounts and contact prospects using phone and email outreach to set meetings that generate pipeline for our sales organization. We are looking for individuals who are dedicated, curious, and motivated. The ideal candidate will possess strong organizational skills, attention to detail, and communication skills. A strong candidate is flexible with change, comfortable in a fast-paced environment, and eager to advance their career in sales. 
SDRs are assigned a territory of accounts and are responsible for planning, researching, and strategizing how to set meetings within these accounts. The SDR will find the right people to connect with, make calls and send emails to gauge a fit, determine how Okta can help, then set up a meeting with their assigned Account Executive.
Responsibilities: 

Utilize sales engagement tools to research contacts and accounts to strategize with Marketing and Account Executives on prospecting plans. 
Conduct discovery conversations with IT Executives in targeted accounts.
Generate qualified meetings and opportunities for aligned Account Executives by following up on warm (inbound) leads and researched prospects.
Utilize active listening skills to uncover customer needs and business problems to effectively communicate how Okta can solve them.
Work cross functionally to increase conversion rates and generate quality pipeline
Consistently achieve quota by hitting call, email, meeting, and pipeline targets.
Use and maintain Salesforce.com to keep data accurate.

Qualifications:

Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience 
6-12 months of previous business experience 
Previous experience with sales and prospecting tools a plus: Salesforce, Outreach, Linkedin Sales Navigator
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Excellent time management and organizational skills 
Ability to navigate different systems and tools and follow process
Highly motivated and driven individual who thrives working toward monthly and quarterly quotas
A desire to grow and advance a career in sales
Ability to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment

We arent looking for someone who ticks every single box on a page; were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. If you think youd be a great fit, please apply!LI-onsiteBelow is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus. The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:78,000—78,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 