Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.Companies all over the world and across every industry trust Okta for elegant and secure identity management. Most of Oktas customers depend on our developer tools to integrate their internal applications and manage Okta identity infrastructure and configuration at scale. With a robust set of developer tools across relevant languages, frameworks, and technologies, Okta can be a true partner to our customers as they scale and adopt new applications and technology. 
We are looking for a Senior Product Manager who will be responsible for driving strategy related to Oktas developer products, including open source management SDKs, Command line interfaces, and more.
If you are passionate about improving the experience and engaging with a vibrant community of developers at large scale enterprises, we are looking for you!
Responsibilities

Develop and execute on comprehensive developer product strategies that align with the companys overall business goals and objectives, broader industry trends and market context.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including engineering, sales, and marketing, to ensure the successful launch and adoption of developer products and broader platform features.
Conduct market research and analysis to identify trends and customer needs, and use this information to inform innovation, product decisions and prioritization.
Define and communicate product requirements, including features, user experience, and technical specifications, to engineering teams.
Define metrics for developer and customer success relating to the adoption of platform features and developer tools, as well as overall experience 
Stay up-to-date with industry trends and emerging technologies in enterprise product development to identify opportunities for innovation and competitive differentiation.

Required:

5 years of Product Management experience working on building Platforms andor Developer Tools.
BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent experience that allows you to influence technical design decisions and troubleshoot code.
Functional leadership experience, or equivalent experience.
Go to market experience in B2B SaaS including pricingpackaging, product positioning, etc.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated business results from products, features or capabilities you have shipped.
Experience developing, socializing, and driving strategies spanning multiple parts of an organization. Track record of owning and delivering on large strategic projects - you can see the big picture, but deliver on the details.
Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills. You can produce solid action plans from often incomplete, conflicting or ambiguous inputs.
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment.
Passion for Oktas huge opportunity and growth potential, and general thirst for learning with an ability to go broad and deep across business and technical contexts.

Preferred:

Experience working with Enterprise SaaS customers
Knowledge or experience working with Identity and Access Management products
Some coding experience across multiple languagesframeworks

LI-Hybrid
LI-JB2What you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 