Get to know Okta
Okta is The Worlds Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - were looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! Were building a world where Identity belongs to you.About The Resilience Team
 
Oktas Workforce Identity Cloud (WIC) powers authentication and authorization for thousands of organizations across the world. We make access to applications safe, secure, and seamless for billions of logins worldwide. Within WIC, the Resilience team builds software and frameworks and works with infrastructure reliability teams to deliver 99.99 uptime for our core authentication and authorization products.
 
About The Software Engineering Manager Opportunity
 
Reporting to the Director of Software Engineering, Resiliency, this role as Software Engineering Manager will drive resilience improvements for Workforce Identity products at Okta. Here youll be working with some of the most advanced technology in the space, and help to streamline and secure billions of access requests a year for your customers. In this role, you will champion resilience during feature design, and address gaps in existing services by building new capabilities. The ideal candidate brings passion and a track record in leading a backend infrastructure development team, can hold technical ground with some of the most skilled engineers and has a willingness to work collaboratively with stakeholders in adjacent teams.
 
What Youll Be Doing

Collaborate with architects, product owners, project managers, test partners, security and operations engineers to implement best practices related to resilience
Communicate and organize cross-team projects with high business impact
Contribute to defining the strategic direction and roadmap for the team
Develop backend frameworks and tools for the entire engineering organization to use at scale
Participate in the incident RCA process to continuously improve reliability and scale
Provide technical guidance to the engineers on the team
Management of a global team including setting expectations and removing blockers, creating a collaborative working environment, hiring and recruitment, providing coaching and career management discussions

 
What Youll Bring To The Role

Experienced in stakeholder management including alignment, prioritization, communication, and receiving and incorporating feedback
Adaptable to changing requirements and the ability to manage a team during a pivot in priorities.
Prior management experience of a distributed and diverse team
Experience with software architecture across the entire stack (design and implementation), including:

Understanding of monolithic applications and microservices
Cloud Infrastructure experience (AWS, Azure, GCP)
Datastores (SQL, NoSQL, KeyValue)
Containers (Docker, K8s)

Solid understanding of the Java platform
Experience with SaaS

 
And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following:

Knowledge of network security, authentication and authorization
Experience with Golang

 Below is the annual base salary range for candidates located in California, Colorado, New York and Washington. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit: https:rewards.okta.comus.   The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, New York, and Washington is between:158,000—221,000 USD                                The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between:  175,000—245,000 USDWhat you can look forward to as an Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https:www.okta.comcompanycareers.
Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.
Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https:www.okta.comprivacy-policy. 