OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), powers reservations for the hospitality industry. OpenTables software seats more than 1 billion people per year and helps more than 60,000 restaurants, bars, wineries and other venues attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
As an employee of OpenTable, you will be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of metasearch brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined. Many employees are dedicated to one brand, but we all have the benefit of using each others strengths and insights. Together, were able to help people experience the world through dining and travel.
The Role
Reporting to the Revenue Strategy and Operations Director, this position is responsible for supporting a variety of sales and services related programs, initiatives, and analytics in North America. Candidates for this role must have experience with sales operations, quota setting, territory planning and manipulating large sets of data to discover trends and make recommendations on sales and services strategies
The role will work cross-functionally with multiple departments including executive leadership, sales, marketing, operations, finance, product, and data analytics to support the design, implementation and continued optimization of multiple business needs. This includes delivering data-driven insights to internal partners to inform short and long term strategy and action plans. The ideal candidate will be able to recognise and understand the relationship between clean data, clear  efficient processes, and reporting.
The Analyst level position is expected to have an excellent understanding of the OpenTable Sales and Services organization, or the ability to learn. Youll be able to navigate the roles, reporting, and reality of the business in the field. This position needs to have excellent communication, project management and data analysis skills and be comfortable building recommendations. Experience with Salesforce, Tableau, SQL queries, and an operations, finance or analytics background preferred.
Responsibilities


Evaluate and outline new sales  services territories


Forecast goals and maintain results tracking for various roles including, outside sales, inside sales and services teams


Build and maintain financial models, forecasts and dashboards for various business scenarios


Sophisticated analytics to support global Sales and Services decisions


Prepare  present data analysis for audiences ranging from field sales members to senior leadership


Make data-driven decisions: translate data sets into impactful insights, recommendations, dashboards, and reports for the larger sales and operations teams


Salesforce.com (SFDC) Chatter management for various workflow and business processes


Collect feedback and handle flow of inbound requests from the Global Restaurant Sales and Services (RSS) team for process and system enhancement requests; drive process optimisation and training


Salesforce.com (SFDC) data stewardship and improvement; dashboard and report creation and upkeep; end user support and documentation management


Data management  process creation related to new products, features, and acquisitions


Skills


Advanced Excel skills required, including proficiency with pivot tables and VLOOKUP. Equivalent Google Sheets experience preferred


Knowledge in Salesforce, ThoughtSpot, SuperSetPreset, Microstrategy a plus


Understanding of SQL preferred


Operational experience in measuring and improving efficiency, utilization, scale initiatives etc.


High energy and contagious enthusiasm. Willing to take on tough projects and be a peer leader in order to support growth


Shown strong verbal and written communication skills; including detailing business processes, use cases, and business requirements


Excellent analytical and reporting capabilities, problem solving, negotiation, task and project coordination, and organization skills


Understanding of sales process within OpenTable, or equivalent sales process experience


1-3 years of experience in analytics, operations, or strategy role


Benefits

Paid Time Off - 20 days a year
Birthdaycelebration PTO - 1 day
Annual company weeks off
Flexible sick time off
Paid volunteer time
Parental Leave Benefits
Dental  Vision Insurance
Life  Disability Insurance
Group RRSP and DPSP
Major Medical Insurance (dependent care options)

Diversity and Inclusion
We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve. We know that when we have diverse teams we produce more creative ideas, products, and better outcomes for our team members. OpenTableKAYAK is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer, and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. Whoever you are, just be you.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
LI - Remote