The Position:
OpenTables Sales and Restaurant Services teams are dedicated to improving restaurants revenue potential by utilizing best in brand front-of-house management and online reservation technology. We are committed to helping our customers get the most out of our products, and were looking for a strategic-minded, willing to take action, and driven Sales Development Representative to join our team.
You will be part of a team of intelligent, passionate, and hardworking sales individuals who are intent on ensuring OpenTables restaurant customers success and our dining customers enjoyment.
Responsibilities:


Generate sales leads; Assist with sales prospecting on the phone to schedule appointments for Account Executives in their region.


Implement lead generation programs as they are developed by the Restaurant Marketing team.


Craft and distribute sales messages to restaurant prospects using traditional mailings and targeted email marketing.


Provide general sales support to UK  Germany sales teams; Ensure lead hand-offs to Account Executives are successful and exceed customer expectations. Respond to requests from prospects for additional product information


Keep management informed of all activity, including timely preparation of reports


Some travel required for market research and sales initiatives, as well as organizing, preparing for and attending regional trade shows.


Required:


You are Customer First with an ability to Nurture trust and confidence with customers


You understand and are capable of resolving current and future business needs - many times you exceed expectations by monitoring customer satisfaction


You continuously look for opportunities to improve service, follows through, solicits and applies feedback, and buildsmaintains positive relations


You thrive on collaboration and partnership by demonstrating a commitment to team goals thru attitude, contribution,  collaboration


Your willingness to participate in a team shines through information sharing, openness to others views, and accountability for own actions


Putting the success of team above own interest


Creativity and Innovation are strong skills you possess through developing approaches  ideas to achieve goals, solve problems, improve performance


Receptive to new ideas, methods, technologies - comfortable taking calculated risks to accomplish goals, meets challenges, and question conventional methods.


Grow with continuous improvement - Pursuing training  development while striving to continuously build knowledge, skills  abilities


Seeks  applies feedback to improve performance, demonstrates urgencypersistence, continually seeks to improve processesproductsservices.


Desired:


Successful telesales or call-center track record with a track record of exceeding objectives.


Ability to multitask and work independently.


Strong computer and social skills; excellent time management skills.


Excellent PowerPoint and Excel skills.


Strong communication skills, both written and verbal.


Strong attention to detail.


Experience with Salesforce.com preferred.


Interest in the restaurant and hospitality sector.


About OpenTable
OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is the worlds leading provider of online restaurant reservations, seating more than 128 million diners per month via online bookings across approximately 52,000 restaurants.
Since its inception, OpenTable has seated more than 2 billion diners via online reservations, and seats more than 29 million diners via online reservations each month. The Company is headquartered in San Francisco, California, and the OpenTable service is available throughout the United States, as well as in Canada, Germany, Japan, Mexico, the UK and many more locations.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
As an employee of OpenTable, you will be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of metasearch brands including momondo, Cheapflights, Swoodoo, checkfelix and Mundi. Many employees are dedicated to one brand, but we all have the benefit of using each others strengths and insights. Together, were able to help people experience the world through dining and travel.
 