With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.
OpenTable is looking for an Account Executive who can bring new restaurants onto the OpenTable dining network! This individual will lead with a consultative sales approach within a revenue pod, and act as a business leader and sales expert. The Account Executive will handle their own book of businessterritory, run business meetings with restaurant owners and operators, and close deals based on varying needs.
Local travel required
In this role, you will: 

Target, identify and sell OpenTable products to restaurants within an assigned territory
Cultivate and build upon existing relationships with top and elite restaurants and serve as a trusted advisor to your markets client base
Educate operators on industry trends and offer rare insight
Challenge customers to think differently about their business
Strategically overcome objections and competition
Generate business plans to define your selling strategies and tactics
Consistently over-achieve monthly and quarterly acquisition and revenue targets
Use Salesforce to run your territory, stay organized, forecast sales activity, and process contracts

Please apply if: 

High-reaching, tenacious, and data-driven
Self-motivated and able to perform well under pressure and against ambitious goals and deadlines
Skilled at presenting new points of view to customers to reframe and challenge the way they view their business
Ability to track economic and industry drivers and understand their implications on the restaurant business
Ability to drive business value during sales engagements and showcase strong negotiating skills
Highly analytical with the ability to assess business opportunities

A few of the benefits you get at OpenTable—

Work from (almost) anywhere; wherever you do your best work
Focus on mental health and well-being
Company paid therapy sessions through SpringHealth
Company paid subscription to HeadSpace
Company-wide weeks off each year - the whole team fully recharges (and returns without a pile-up of work!)
Generous paid parental leave
Generous paid vacation  time off for your birthday
Paid volunteer time
Health, dental  vision plans
401k with company match
Focus on your career growth
Enriched learning and development opportunities
Leadership development
Access to thousands of on-demand e-learnings

There are a variety of factors that go into determining a salary range, including but not limited to external market benchmark data, geographic location, and years of experience soughtrequired. The range for this United States located role is 50,000-80,000.
In addition to a competitive base salary, roles are eligible for additional compensation and benefits including: commission-based compensation; health benefits; flexible spending account; retirement benefits; life insurance; paid time off (including PTO, paid sick leave, medical leave, bereavement leave, floating holidays and paid holidays); and parental leave and benefits.
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
LI-Remote
Remote work allowed
 