Sr. Analyst, Marketing Analytics
OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), powers reservations for the hospitality industry. OpenTables software seats more than 1 billion people per year and helps more than 60,000 restaurants, bars, wineries and other venues attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
As an employee of OpenTable, you will be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of metasearch brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined. Many employees are dedicated to one brand, but we all have the benefit of using each others strengths and insights. Together, were able to help people experience the world through dining and travel.
The Role
Reporting to the Director, Global Strategy, Ops,  Analytics, this position will be focused on international marketing analytics. Candidates for this role must have experience in defining marketing strategies, building data flows, defining new metrics, owning marketing reporting and manipulating large sets of data to discover trends and make recommendations on marketing strategies. The role will work cross-functionally with multiple departments including executive leadership, marketing, engineering, and finance to support the design, implementation and continued optimization of multiple business needs. 
The Sr. Analyst level position is expected to have a strong understanding of the OpenTable Marketing and Sales and Services organization and ability to learn quickly. This position will have to be a strong communicator, have excellent project management skills, an analytical mindset and be comfortable delivering results in ambiguity. Experience with marketing analytics, finance or any other analytics background preferred.
Responsibilities

Sophisticated analytics to support international marketing decisions
Make data-driven decisions: translate data sets into impactful insights, recommendations, dashboards, and reports for the marketing teams
Build and maintain financial models, forecasts and dashboards for various business scenarios
Collaborate with marketing and sales and services leads to align on marketing strategies
Own marketing data flows and SEMSEO reporting
Support and evaluate marketing campaigns through advanced analytics
Evaluate and outline new marketing initiatives and opportunities through data
Prepare and present data analyses for different audiences
Collect feedback and handle flow of inbound ad hoc requests from the Marketing team
Improve marketing data flow and metric definition

Skills

2-4 years of experience in analytics or marketing analytics
Experience with Google Platforms: Google Analytics, Google Ads, Google Search
Experience with Snowflake or any other relational database
Strong SQL skills  Experience with design and development of ETL processes
Experience with user-facing analytics platforms: Tableau, Superset, Microstrategy
Advanced Excel skills required, including proficiency with pivot tables and VLOOKUP; equivalent Google Sheets experience preferred
Operational experience in measuring and improving efficiency, utilization, scale initiatives, etc
High energy and contagious enthusiasm; willing to take on tough projects
Strong verbal and written communication skills including detailing business processes, use cases, and business requirements
Excellent analytical and reporting capabilities, problem solving, negotiation, task and project coordination, and organization skills

Benefits

Generous paid vacation
Day off on your birthday
Company matched retirement plans
Health, dental and vision insurance plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
Headspace Subscription
Drinks, coffee, snacks, games
Flexible hours
Universal Paid Parental leave

Diversity and Inclusion
We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve. We know that when we have diverse teams we produce more creative ideas, products, and better outcomes for our team members. OpenTableKAYAK is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer, and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. Whoever you are, just be you.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
LI-FN1
 