
With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.
In this role you will:

 Report to the Manager, Revenue Operations - Enablement, this position is responsible for supporting a variety of sales and services related programs, processes, and initiatives across North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific.
Work cross-functionally with multiple departments and teams including Sales, Account Management, Onboarding, Enablement  Engagement, Marketing, Support, Finance, and Product to support the rollout and continued optimization of internal business needs.
Make recommendations for the Restaurant Sales and Service (RSS) internal systems and the related processes and training associated with them.
Learn, or have an established knowledge of, the reality of how different roles within the RSS organization operate. You will use this insight to maintain and improve processes and tools to drive efficiency across the organization.
Achieve and maintain subject matter expert status on RSS SFDC processes and tools
Drive adoption and optimization of internal processes and tools across roles
Train and support the RSS team with a positive and growth-focused approach
Represent the team in cross-functional projects and initiatives. Act as an RSS process subject matter expert and bring fresh ideas to drive efficiency in processes across the organization.
Communicate upwards and to peers on project strategy, status, expectations, deadlines, and results
Collect feedback and handle flow of inbound requests from the RSS) team for process and system enhancement requests; Act as a consultant on best practices for the most efficient use of our tools, SFDC data, and business processes
Be accountable for SFDC data stewardship and improvement; dashboard and report creation and upkeep; end user support and documentation management
Act on feedback from the team for process and system enhancement requests
Prepare  present data analysis, process enhancement, or new roll-out for audiences ranging from field sales members to senior leadership

Please apply if you have:


The ability to learn quickly and remember detailed technical and business processes


An excellent understanding of the OpenTable Sales and Services organization, or the ability to lead


Excellent communication, project management and data analysis skills. Salesforce Lightning expertise required. 


You have a passion for enabling high levels of productivity through process efficiency and clear support. 


The ability to speak the SFDC language in order to make recommendations for processes and communicate effectively with our Business Optimization and Product teams


The natural curiosity to ask why and what if in the spirit of ongoing enhancements


A proven track record of successfully working and partnering across multiple functions


High energy, contagious enthusiasm, and the willingness to take on tough projects and be a peer leader in order to support growth


Strong verbal and written communication skills, including detailing business processes, use cases, and business requirements


The ability to build dashboard and reports that can be used as tools across roles


An understanding of sales process within OpenTable, or equivalent sales process experience


Self-motivation and the ability to perform well under pressure and against bold deadlines, with minimal oversight from management


Excellent business liaison skills. Ability to digest system complexity and articulate to business users in concise and simple language


Advanced Excel skills required, including proficiency with pivot tables and VLOOKUP. Equivalent Google Sheets experience preferred


3 years of experience in a sales, support, or operations role


2 years using data to make recommendations



Benefits 

Vacation: you accrue 25 days a year or 33 days for our CSR Team
One Celebration Day per calendar year
Private Health  Dental and Life Insurances
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Pension Fund
Gym Discount
Bike2Work
Season Loan Ticket
Reimbursable eye tests and 100 GBP contribution towards VDU glasses only
Perkbox  Booking.com business discounts

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
 LI-FN1 REMOTE 