About OpenTable
With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximise revenue.
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll join a welcoming environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support needed to succeed.
The Position
We are seeking an Account Executive who will be responsible for bringing new restaurants onto our dining network through a consultative sales approach.. This position will report to the District Manager
OpenTables Account Executive team is dedicated to improving restaurants revenue potential by applying best-in-brand front-of-house management and online reservation technology. We are looking for sales professionals who are passionate about the restaurant industry and enjoy working with industry-leading technology. 
In This Role, You Will


Identify and approach prospective restaurant customers with whom to conduct customised product demos, with the aim of selling OpenTable products


Consistently achieve monthly and quarterly acquisition targets.


Champion and build upon existing high-level relationships to serve as a trusted adviser to our markets client base.


Use Salesforce to develop and complete strategic plans, build reliable forecasts and process contracts.


Understand and adapt to ongoing product and technology development to generate business plans to define selling strategies and tactics. Listen to the needs of the market and share with the Product and Marketing teams.


Be visible in and amongst the hospitality industry through networking, events and consistent engagement.


Please Apply If


You are motivated by being in control of your earning potential, achieved through the commissionable structure of the role


You are passionate about hospitality and technology.  Restaurant management andor sales experience in the food and beverage industry is strongly preferred but not essential..


Restaurant management andor sales experience are highly preferred. Understanding of economic and industry drivers and their implications on the restaurant business, including identifying new business opportunities.


You have well-honed discovery skills; asking questions and relating concepts to your prospects in impactful ways


You have outstanding negotiating skills that help drive business value during sales engagements.


You are highly analytical, with the ability to assess business opportunities and read prospective buyers.


You have experience in capturing data to persuade others to develop compelling strategies and decision-making that deliver results.


You are skilled at communicating new points of view to customers that reframe and challenge the way they view their business.


You are proficient in the use of Google Suite and Salesforce CRM.


You are an empathetic, team-orientated sales person who loves to collaborate and grow through learning and feedback as much as you love to close a deal.


You are ambitious, tenacious and self-motivated; always taking the lead, placing importance on outbound activities and being professionally persistent.


Benefits


1 floating day off per year to celebrate your birthday or another occasion of choice!


Company-wide week off each year: the whole team recharges (and returns without a pile-up of work!).


Paid volunteer time.


Weekly catered office events.


Ongoing learning and Development opportunities.


Universal Paid Parental leave.


Mental Health Well-being: 6 company paid therapy sessions, subscription to a meditation app, wellbeing speaker series and resources.


Annual Health and Wellness Reimbursement.


 
Diversity, Equity, And Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring great people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, perform job responsibilities, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
 
LI-EK1