With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.
At OpenTable, we take pleasure in Software Development. We believe that velocity comes from a commitment to clean code and solid engineering principles. We deliver innovative products through rapid, continuous development. Millions of diners and thousands of restaurants around the globe use our products. If you are excited by consistently challenging engineering processes and can deliver exceptional quality in a fast-paced, agile environment, wed like to meet you. Bonus points if you love restaurants too!
Job Description:
You will be working on our flagship consumer iOS app, used by millions across the world, building new features, refining existing ones, fixing bugs and adding unit tests. Also on the menu are the usual refactoring of existing code to keep it current, writing tools that help us test and debug the app more easily.
You will enjoy working very closely with our designers and product managers, suggesting technical solutions to product problems.
Our team is cross-functional, co-located with product and design. We are a very lean team, moving fast and always on top of iOS updates  we are an Editors Choice app, routinely featured on stage by Apple at various keynotes and events. We have a passion for building great consumer products, with a great user experience.
Responsibilities:

Implement new product features, working closely with designers and product managers
Collaborate with backend teams, defining public APIs used by our apps
Collaborate with Product and Design teams on product requirements, AB test design and feature rollout
Maintain the existing codebase, adding unit tests, refactoring existing code as needed
Contribute to the apps overall architecture to keep it up to date: introduce new patterns such as reactive, async, upgrade system frameworks, etc.
Mentor and guide other team members in their journey to become world class engineers

Requirements:

4 years of experience in iOS development, proficient in Swift
Good communication skills
Have an eye for good design, and be passionate about consumer product development in general
Pragmatic, quick learner
Experience with unit testing a strong plus
Backend experience a plus, but not required

Benefits:

Paid Time Off - 20 days a year
Birthdaycelebration PTO - 1 day
Annual company weeks off
Flexible sick time off
Paid volunteer time
Parental Leave Benefits
Dental  Vision Insurance
Life  Disability Insurance
Group RRSP and DPSP
Major Medical Insurance (dependent care options)

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.