With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.
The Head of Regional Growth operates as an integral part of the leadership team, but also as a key cross-functional leader. This position has responsibility for the growth and development of OpenTables restaurant network in its regional growth markets, including the acquisition of new business growing existing business, the retention of accounts, and OpenTables revenue growth. The Head of RG will be a dynamic, highly data-driven leader who will not only own the Regional Growth business, but also spearhead building out a technology-led sales organization, utilizing data to help prioritize and optimize the teams resources for scalable growth.  
Responsibilities


Grow revenue through new sales acquisition, installation, and retention of assigned accounts.


Provide leadership and vision for the dispersed Sales and Restaurant Services team in the regions through a hybrid phonefield sales model. 


Direct management of District Managers  Directors who lead individual pre- and post-sales teams.


Own and improve the sales process and customer experience from pre-sale to post-sale in specified territories. Examine and improve key business processes through tech  data innovation that drives scalable growth. Source, vet and build business cases to implement technologies that will improve our understanding of the restaurant landscape


Effectively handle performance across the team to hit goals for the regions and manage out poor performers.


Define characteristics of top performers for the organization. Identify, recruit, hire and train the team to build and retain a group of highly motivated, bold, and top performing Account Executives, Account Managers, and Sales Leaders.


Represent OpenTable as an industry leader and also to high value accounts as the final point of partner concern for resolution of conflicts, competitive threats, and changes to market strategy.


Provide guidance and cross-departmental coordination as sales leadership voice with key department heads including Product, Brand  Performance Marketing, Finance  Operations, Support, and Business Development. Understanding of decision-making and KPIs in each of these departments are key.


Design, drive and present compelling strategic plans by developing goals, objectives and implementation plans. Run the regions as business units with PL responsibility, with an understanding of top line and bottom line drivers.


Actively participate in executive decisions related to the team by providing thoughtful analysis and input related to pricing strategies, prioritization and delivery of corporate initiatives.


30-50 travel is expected.


Required


10 years of relevant experience as a Sr. Director or Director, building and leading salesbusiness development teams or running business units. 


Experience at a fast pacedtech organization is required; restaurant industry experience is preferred.


Deep understanding of the restaurant industry, customer trends and the ability to weave these into tactical plans.


Experienced manager and key contributor who frequently overachieves on assigned goals with the ability to prioritize and focus a team.


Deep experience with financial  sales modeling and forecasting. 


Demonstrated success with data-driven decision modeling, data analysis, data storytelling, problem solving and ability to execute.


Consistent record of sales success in a similar Saas or start-up environment.


Experience includes complex high-value sales to key accounts andor National Accounts.


Ability to multitask and prioritize in a fast paced, multifaceted work environment. Will lead multiple high-priority and time sensitive initiatives in parallel.


Proven ability to lead a team with an entrepreneurial spirit, positive attitude, and passion for the business. Works with autonomy, needing little guidance.


Good sense of humor while working in an unstructured, fast paced environment.


High EQ and IQ.


Excellent written and oral communication skills.


Competitive, tenacious, and results-driven.


College degree expected, an MBA is a preferred.


Preferred locations are Denver, CO; Stamford, CT; New York City or San Francisco, CA but open to remote applicants in the US that are willing to travel.


There are a variety of factors that go into determining a salary range, including but not limited to external market benchmark data, geographic location, and years of experience soughtrequired. The range for this remote United States based role is 175,000 -210,000.In addition to a competitive base salary, roles are eligible for additional compensation and benefits including: annual cash bonus, equity grant; health benefits; flexible spending account; retirement benefits; life insurance; paid time off (including PTO, paid sick leave, medical leave, bereavement leave, floating holidays and paid holidays); and parental leave and benefits.
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
LI - Remote
 