OpenTable is the largest diner and restaurant network in the world. Our mission is to help experience the world through dining, and we think that is delicious! We are seeking an experienced and strategic individual to join OpenTables Marketing team. As Senior Director of Product Marketing, you will lead a team charged with strategizing, developing and implementing effective strategies to drive growth of OpenTable. In this role, you will work closely with our product development, sales, and marketing teams to help build strategy and drive execution of existing and new products and features. You will bring our product vision to life by driving product positioning and targeted messaging as well as being the voice of the customer for Product Development. 
The perfect candidate will have a multi-disciplinary background including marketing, business strategy, analytical abilities, with a proven track record of leading, influencing, and collaborating with a cross-functional internal team and external partners. You are also a seasoned leader who can inspire and quickly build trust within your team while challenging the status quo. Were looking for a big-picture thinker and strong problem solver who is willed to take action and is results driven. This leader will need to be a strong, hands-on operational manager who is able to implement business goals while growing and developing people managers and individuals. Above all else, you will enjoy being part of a fast-paced tech company that gets to serve the hospitality industry. 
This role will report directly to the Chief Growth Officer and collaborate with key internal and external partners to effectively drive customer-centric product development and lead product launches. The ideal candidate will ensure strong cross-team collaboration (particularly with sales and product development and across regions), drive thought leadership, develop engagement, and demand for OpenTable across its global markets.
 
In this role, you will: 


Partner closely with the VP of Marketing, to develop product positioning and integrated product launch campaigns


Lead, manage and develop an impactful team of product marketers primarily focused on growing OpenTables restaurant industry customer base


Partner with the broader marketing team to build awareness of the suite of our products capabilities, with a focus on positioning, go-to-market plans and sales enablement to drive adoption and grow demand of our products


Bring new products to market in partnership with product development and sales teams. Help co-lead research, develop business cases, create launch strategy, and more to ensure maximum revenue impact


Build a world-class product marketing team, establishing culture, processes and strong cross-organizational relationships


 
Please apply if: 


10-15 years professional experience


4-6 years in B2B marketing, and 2-3 years in product marketing, at the Director level


Demonstrated driving a short and long term go-to-market strategy for the US market at a fast-growing company


An articulate professional with excellent oral and written communication skills, with demonstrated experience in the ability to positively and creatively influence change and direction within professional environments


Strong data analysis skills, comfortable analyzing campaign results, and working in financial models


Experience leading multiple teams


 
A few of the benefits you get at OpenTable:


Work from (almost) anywhere; wherever you do your best work


Focus on mental health and well-being


Company paid therapy sessions through SpringHealth


Company paid subscription to HeadSpace


Company-wide weeks off each year - the whole team fully recharges (and returns without a pile-up of work!)


Generous paid parental leave


Generous paid vacation  time off for your birthday


Paid volunteer time


Health, dental  vision plans


401k with company match


Focus on your career growth


Enriched learning and development opportunities


Leadership development


Access to thousands of on-demand e-learnings


 
There are a variety of factors that go into determining a salary range, including but not limited to external market benchmark data, geographic location, and years of experience soughtrequired. The range for this remote United States based role is 200,000-250,000.
In addition to a competitive base salary, roles are eligible for additional compensation and benefits including: annual cash bonus, equity grant; health benefits; flexible spending account; retirement benefits; life insurance; paid time off (including PTO, paid sick leave, medical leave, bereavement leave, floating holidays and paid holidays); and parental leave and benefits.
 
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
 
LI-Remote
Remote work allowed