With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
 
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.
 
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.
 
The Hotel Account Executive is responsible for bringing new restaurants onto the OpenTable dining network through a consultative sales approach. Acting as a business leader and sales guide, they will handle and own their book of businessterritory, run business meetings with Hotel Groups and Hotel restaurants. Central to this role is the ability to understand the Hotel technology ecosystem and clearly articulate the unique OpenTable value proposition for Hotels.
 
This is a remote position, with up to 25 domestic travel.
 
In this role, you will: 


Target, identify and sell OpenTable products to Hotel restaurants across an assigned account portfolio within the Americas


Provide high-quality, data-driven product and service presentations (both in person and online) that are customized for each partner to determine solution needs


Challenge customers to think differently about their business, educate prospects and existing customers about industry trends


Develop and complete a strategic plan for the segment and build reliable forecasts


Navigate complex decision making and procurement processes to identify appropriate partners, including C-suite, customer tech teams and FB operations staff.


Manage multiple internal and external partners to tackle problems and achieve results, ranging from restaurant managers to software product managers


Consistently meet and exceed monthly and quarterly acquisition and revenue targets


Provide and present customer feedback to the Product and Marketing teams


Apply Salesforce to lead your territory, stay organized, forecast sales activity, and process contracts


Understand and adapt to ongoing product and technology developments within the hotel and restaurant industry


 
Please apply if: 


You have 5 years of experience in B2B Enterprise sales


You have well-honed discovery skills; asking questions and relating concepts to your prospects in impactful ways


You have outstanding negotiating skills that help drive business value during sales engagements.


You are self-motivated and able to perform well under pressure and against ambitious goals and deadlines


You are skilled at communicating new points of view to customers that reframe and challenge the way they view their business


You have a track record of owning and performing pivotal initiatives to meet pre-set objectives


You are passionate about using data and analytics to inform decision-making and build cases


You have strong time management and presentation skills and are comfortable with administrative tasks


You have knowledge of Google Suite, Microsoft Office


Ability to work in an unstructured and forward-thinking environment


College degree required


 
A few of the benefits you get at OpenTable:


Work from (almost) anywhere; wherever you do your best work


Focus on mental health and well-being


Company paid therapy sessions through SpringHealth


Company paid subscription to HeadSpace


Company-wide weeks off each year - the whole team fully recharges (and returns without a pile-up of work!)


Generous paid parental leave


Generous paid vacation  time off for your birthday


Paid volunteer time


Health, dental  vision plans


401k with company match


Focus on your career growth


Enriched learning and development opportunities


Leadership development


Access to thousands of on-demand e-learnings


 
There are a variety of factors that go into determining a salary range, including but not limited to external market benchmark data, geographic location, and years of experience soughtrequired. The range for this United States located role is 65,000 - 90,000.
In addition to a competitive base salary, roles are eligible for additional compensation and benefits including: commission-based compensation; health benefits; flexible spending account; retirement benefits; life insurance; paid time off (including PTO, paid sick leave, medical leave, bereavement leave, floating holidays and paid holidays); and parental leave and benefits.
 
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Remote work allowed