With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.
Reporting to the Sr. Manager, Engineering, this position will play a crucial role in developing, maintaining, and optimizing our data infrastructure to support business decisions across OpenTable. The role will collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify business problems and develop solutions through data gathering.
The Senior Data Engineer level position is expected to have a strong understanding of the OpenTable Systems and its impact on the data architecture. This position will have to be a strong communicator, have an analytical mindset and strong technical skills and be comfortable delivering results in ambiguity.
In this role, you will: 

Gather and analyze business requirements to create and design data models and build data pipelines for data extraction, transformation, and loading (ETL)
Translate requirements into technical specifications and builds dimensional data warehouse solutions to meet the requirements
Collaborate with business stakeholders and technical teams to ensure data accuracy, integrity, and consistency
Develops project plans, tracks progress and keeps all project partners updated throughout the process.
Identify opportunities for process improvement and automation to streamline data workflows
Evaluate new data sources and tools to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the data infrastructure
Ensure data accuracy, completeness, and security in accordance with company policies and industry standards
Deep understanding of data mapping, data validation, data manipulation, data analysis use cases and provide observations of the system and suggest automated steps to fulfill the business operations and the requirements
Stay up-to-date with industry trends and best practices in data analytics, and continuous developments in data processes and methodologies
Solid sense of ownership; engages domain experts and other team members to work through challenges and cultivates positive team engagement; steps-in to other projects as needed

Please apply if: 

5 years of Data WarehouseBI Modeling Experience
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to translate complex data into actionable insights
Proficient in SQLdatabase query with in-depth knowledge of Python, Apache Airflow, or similar programming
Experience with Snowflake or any other relational database
Experience with data visualization tools such as Superset or MicroStrategy
Bachelors or Masters degree in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, or a related field
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills to collaborate effectively with team members in Agile iterative processes and translate sophisticated data concepts to non-technical stakeholders
High energy and contagious enthusiasm with the willingness to tackle tough projects and strives for success in ambiguous work environments

Benefits: 

Paid Vacation
One Celebration Day per calendar year
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Pension Fund

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.