With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.
The Account Manager manages a portfolio of restaurants and is responsible for the full customer lifecycle.
Note: This is a Seattle-based role with field work 2-3 timesweek, managing a portfolio of accounts in the local area and remote areas outside WA. 
In this role, you will: 

Cultivate and build upon existing high-level relationships to serve as a trusted advisor to restaurants
Understand customer needs and identify sales opportunities to sell premium marketing tools
Build and apply data-driven presentations for ongoing business reviews
Achieve company goals and sales objectives set quarterly
Track weekly meeting activity in Salesforce
Assist restaurant management with configuration to optimize reservation flow
Act as an advocate for restaurant customers and resolve cross-functional issues
Act as the high-level point of contact for restaurant customer concerns
Work with the Marketing team to help design and implement restaurant-specific marketing programs and drive participation in promotional programs
Capture feedback from restaurants to suggest feature and functionality requirements for product upgrades
Educate operators about trends in the industry and offer actionable, data driven insights
Lead restaurant retention rate; aid in the re-signing of customers with expired contracts

Please apply if: 

Account management or equivalent experience in a restauranthospitality environment; validated customer service skills
A good listener, capable of understanding restaurants business objectives
Deep expertise in restaurant operations and management including comprehension of PL and financial statements
Ability to work across many departments to take on problems and achieve results
Keenly track economic and industry drivers and understand implications on the restaurant business, including identifying new business opportunities
Ability to handle objections and comfortable with a consultative sales approach
Confident in the delivery of training and speaking in front of groups
Excellent social and organization skills: task prioritization, effective time management
Strong writing, presentation and interpersonal skills
Analytical and data driven approach for making and supporting business decisions
Knowledge of Google Suite and understanding of Apple products and operating systems
Appreciate working in an unstructured and forward-thinking environment

A few of the benefits you get at OpenTable—

Work from (almost) anywhere; wherever you do your best work
Focus on mental health and well-being
Company paid therapy sessions through SpringHealth
Company paid subscription to HeadSpace
Company-wide weeks off each year - the whole team fully recharges (and returns without a pile-up of work!)
Generous paid parental leave
Generous paid vacation  time off for your birthday
Paid volunteer time
Health, dental  vision plans
401k with company match
Focus on your career growth
Enriched learning and development opportunities
Leadership development
Access to thousands of on-demand e-learnings

There are a variety of factors that go into determining a salary range, including but not limited to external market benchmark data, geographic location, and years of experience soughtrequired. The range for this United States located role is 70,000-110,000.
In addition to a competitive base salary, roles are eligible for additional compensation and benefits including: annual cash bonus; health benefits; flexible spending account; retirement benefits; life insurance; paid time off (including PTO, paid sick leave, medical leave, bereavement leave, floating holidays and paid holidays); and parental leave and benefits.
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
LI-Remote
Remote work allowed
 