With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.
Reporting to the Revenue Strategy and Operations Manager, this position is responsible for supporting a variety of sales and services related programs, initiatives, and analytics in North America. Candidates for this role must have experience manipulating large sets of data to discover trends and make recommendations. The role will work cross-functionally with multiple departments including executive leadership, sales, marketing, operations, finance, product, and data analytics to support the design, implementation and continued optimization of multiple business needs. This includes delivering data-driven insights to internal partners to inform short and long term strategy and action plans. The ideal candidate will be able to recognise and understand the relationship between clean data, clear  efficient processes, and reporting.
The Analyst level position is expected to have an excellent understanding of the OpenTable Sales and Services organization, or the ability to learn. Youll be able to navigate the roles, reporting, and reality of the business in the field. This position needs to have excellent communication, project management and data analysis skills and be comfortable building recommendations. Experience with Salesforce, Tableau, SQL queries, and a finance or analytics background preferred.
In this role, you will: 

Support global Sales and Services decisions with sophisticated analytics.
Prepare  present data analysis for audiences ranging from field sales members to senior leadership
Make data-driven decisions: translate data sets into impactful insights, recommendations, dashboards, and reports for the larger sales and operations teams
Collect feedback and handle flow of inbound requests from the Global Restaurant Sales and Services (RSS) team for process and system enhancement requests; drive process optimisation and training
Evaluate and outline new sales  services territories
Build and maintain financial models, forecasts and dashboards for various business scenarios
Salesforce.com (SFDC) data stewardship and improvement; dashboard and report creation and upkeep; end user support and documentation management
Data management  process creation related to new products, features, and acquisitions

Please apply if: 

Advanced Excel skills required, including proficiency with pivot tables and VLOOKUP. Equivalent Google Sheets experience preferred
Proficiency with SQL or strong desire to learn
Experience with data visualization tools
Operational experience in measuring and improving efficiency, utilization, scale initiatives etc.
High energy and contagious enthusiasm. Willing to take on tough projects and be a peer leader in order to support growth
Strong verbal and written communication skills; including detailing business processes, use cases, and business requirements
Excellent analytical and reporting capabilities, problem solving, negotiation, task and project coordination, and organization skills
Understanding of sales process within OpenTable, or equivalent sales process experience
Knowledge in Salesforce and Microstrategy a plus
1-3 years of experience in analytics, operations, or strategy role

A few of the benefits you get at OpenTable—

Work from (almost) anywhere; wherever you do your best work
Focus on mental health and well-being
Company paid therapy sessions through SpringHealth
Company paid subscription to HeadSpace
Company-wide weeks off each year - the whole team fully recharges (and returns without a pile-up of work!)
Generous paid parental leave
Generous paid vacation  time off for your birthday
Paid volunteer time
Health, dental  vision plans
401k with company match
Focus on your career growth
Enriched learning and development opportunities
Leadership development
Access to thousands of on-demand e-learnings

There are a variety of factors that go into determining a salary range, including but not limited to external market benchmark data, geographic location, and years of experience soughtrequired. The range for this United States located role is 75,000 - 90,000.
In addition to a competitive base salary, roles are eligible for additional compensation and benefits including: annual cash bonus; health benefits; flexible spending account; retirement benefits; life insurance; paid time off (including PTO, paid sick leave, medical leave, bereavement leave, floating holidays and paid holidays); and parental leave and benefits.
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
LI-Remote
Remote work allowed