OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), powers reservations for the hospitality industry. OpenTables software seats more than 1 billion people per year and helps more than 60,000 restaurants, bars, wineries and other venues attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
As an employee of OpenTable, you will be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of metasearch brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined. Many employees are dedicated to one brand, but we all have the benefit of using each others strengths and insights. Together, were able to help people experience the world through dining and travel.
In this Role you will:

Report to the Revenue Strategy and Operations Manager, this position is responsible for supporting a variety of sales and services related programs and initiatives. Candidates for this role must have experience manipulating large sets of data to discover trends and make recommendations.
Work cross-functionally with multiple departments including executive leadership, sales, marketing, operations, finance, product, and data analytics to support the design, implementation and continued optimization of multiple business needs. This includes delivering data-driven insights to internal partners to inform short and long term strategy and action plans.
Be able to recognise and understand the relationship between clean data, clear  efficient processes, and reporting.
Have an excellent understanding of the OpenTable Sales and Services organization, or the ability to learn. Youll be able to navigate the roles, reporting, and reality of the business in the field. This position needs to have excellent communication, project management and data analysis skills and be comfortable building recommendations. Experience with Salesforce, Google Sheets, SQL queries, and a finance or analytics background preferred.
Practice sophisticated analytics to support Global Sales and Services decisions
Prepare  present data analysis for audiences ranging from field sales members to senior leadership
Make data-driven decisions: translate data sets into impactful insights, recommendations, dashboards, and reports for the larger sales and operations teams
Process data using SQL, build and maintain live dashboards for various business scenarios
Collect feedback and handle flow of inbound requests from the Global Restaurant Sales and Services (RSS) team for process and system enhancement requests; drive process optimisation and training
Evaluate and outline new sales  services territories
Use Salesforce.com (SFDC) to data stewardship and improvement; dashboard and report creation and upkeep; end user support and documentation management

Please apply if you have:


Advanced Excel skills required, including proficiency with pivot tables and VLOOKUP. Equivalent Google Sheets experience preferred


Knowledge in Salesforce, ThoughtSpot, Microstrategy a plus


Understanding of SQL preferred


Operational experience in measuring and improving efficiency, utilization, scale initiatives etc.


High energy and contagious enthusiasm. Willing to take on tough projects and be a peer leader in order to support growth


Shown strong verbal and written communication skills; including detailing business processes, use cases, and business requirements


Excellent analytical and reporting capabilities, problem solving, negotiation, task and project coordination, and organization skills


Understanding of sales process within OpenTable, or equivalent sales process experience


1-3 years of experience in analytics, operations, or strategy role


Benefits


Generous paid vacation


Day off on your birthday


Company matched retirement plans


Health, dental and vision insurance plans


Flexible Spending Accounts


Headspace Subscription


Drinks, coffee, snacks, games


Flexible hours


Universal Paid Parental leave


Diversity and Inclusion
We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve. We know that when we have diverse teams we produce more creative ideas, products, and better outcomes for our team members. OpenTableKAYAK is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer, and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. Whoever you are, just be you.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
LI-FN1 REMOTE ENG123 