With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.
Learn more about how we work
The Opportunity 
As a Senior Product Designer on Service Planning, youll get to: 

Lead initiatives that give restaurateurs new and meaningful ways to efficiently prepare for service so they can provide exceptional dining experiences. 
Become an expert in restaurant operator workflows by facilitating research with restaurant owners and staff.
Use systems thinking to scale solutions across our platform.
Work closely with a smart and collaborative team of product designers, product managers, and engineers to deliver experiences that help restaurants provide the best hospitality for their guests.

How we design for restaurants
Your Skills and Experience
You enjoy solving complex design challenges and have strong visual and interaction design skills. You have an exceptional portfolio that showcases a breadth of product design work! You also have:

Strong at designing and solving for complex or B2B workflows
The ability to negotiate, prioritize, and break down design work into measurable outcomes
Strong systems thinking and able to design for multiple platforms (web and mobile)
High level of confidence and pragmatism about the design direction
Strong at leading and facilitating workshops with cross-functional partners
Strong product and business thinking
Phenomenal written and verbal communication skills
Led user interviews and testing of designs
Experience working closely with product and engineering in an agile environment
At least 3 - 5 years of product design experience
Expertise in Figma and other prototyping tools

If you think you are qualified for this role but dont tick every box, please apply for the role. The perfect candidate doesnt exist. 
When applying, please include a resume (including a password to your portfolio) and a PDF or link to an online portfolio. Heres our guide for how to nail design portfolios and presentations. 
Our Benefits (TBD based on locale)A few of the benefits you get at OpenTable—

Work from (almost) anywhere; wherever you do your best work
Focus on mental health and well-being
Company-paid therapy sessions through SpringHealth
Company paid subscription to HeadSpace
Generous paid vacation  time off for your birthday
Paid volunteer time
Focus on your career growth
Enriched learning and development opportunities
Leadership development
Access to thousands of on-demand e-learnings

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
 
LI-EI1
Remote
 