KAYAK, part of Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG), is the worlds leading travel search engine. With billions of queries across our platforms, we help people find their perfect flight, stay, rental car, cruise, or vacation package. Were also transforming the in-travel experience with our app and new accommodation software. For more information, visit www.KAYAK.com.
As an employee of KAYAK, you will be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of metasearch brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined. Many employees are dedicated to one brand, but we all have the benefit of using each others strengths and insights. Together, were able to help people experience the world through dining and travel.
We are looking for a proactive Temporary Accounts Payable Specialist to join us in the Global AP team at KAYAKOpenTable. In this role you will be working closely with internal and external stakeholders and ensure accurate and timely payments to our vendors and employee expense reimbursements. You will also review travel and expense claims and act as the face of the Global AP team to explain the TE policy and how to use the TE reimbursement system to users across the business. You will support AP Supervisor and Sr. Manager to drive global AP process improvements that promote efficiency and scalability. The ideal candidate is curious, accepts change and thrives on process improvement. You are detail oriented, highly organized and have excellent problem solving skills. You enjoy working independently but know the value of teamwork and collaboration. A successful candidate has a strong customer service attitude and ability to operate effectively in a challenging, fast-paced environment to support our continued growth.
In this role, you will:

Be responsible for accurate and timely processing of vendor invoices
Provide excellent, timely customer service to our vendors and other stakeholders
Timely review and approval of expense reports against our TE policy
Manage the accounts payable email inbox and respond to inquiries promptly and professionally
Review of vendor agreements and vendor accounts to ensure compliance with payments, advise Business on vendor and contract queries
Support the preparation of various AP reports: AP KPIs, expense audits, AP statistics and expense categorization reviews
Ensure compliance with company policies and procedures related to accounts payable
Support month end close activities related to Accounts Payable
Monitor accounts payable aging reports and ensure timely payment of outstanding invoices
Support Supervisor and Sr. Manager and Global AP process improvement by answering system and AP process related questions and assisting with project specific tasks

Please apply if:

Bachelors degree in FinanceEconomicsAccounting
1-3 years of experience in Finance Operations, exposure to Accounting is an asset  
Ability and willingness to quickly absorb new information and work in a rapid change environment
Outstanding interpersonal skills, both verbal and written, including the ability to communicate confidently and professionally at all levels within the organization  
Solution focused and hands-on with the ability to prioritize effectively own work in order to meet deadlines
Sophisticated Microsoft Excel skills (vlookup, pivot tables, etc.)
Strive for excellent business support and accept customer service mentality and critical thinking  
Ability to work effectively cross-functionally with various departments throughout the organization
Curiosity about ERP systems and data flows through end to end AP processes
Proactive approach to problem solving and a high level of attention to detail
Experience with Docupeak and Netsuite is considered an advantage

Benefits:

Vacation: you accrue 25 days a year or 33 days for our CSR Team
One Celebration Day per calendar year
Private Health  Dental and Life Insurances
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Pension Fund
Gym Discount
Bike2Work
Season Loan Ticket
Reimbursable eye tests and 100 GBP contribution towards VDU glasses only
Perkbox  Booking.com business discounts

Diversity and Inclusion
We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve. We know that when we have diverse teams we produce more creative ideas, products, and better outcomes for our team members. OpenTableKAYAK is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer, and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. Whoever you are, just be you.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
 
LI-BB1 REMOTE FIN123