With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need tosucceed.At OpenTable, we take pleasure in developing phenomenal software. We believe that quality comes from a commitment to clean code and solid engineering principles honed through rapid, continuous development and innovation. Our platform for restaurants is the heart of OpenTable and it connects restaurants to 26 million diners around the globe. If you are excited by meaningful engineering processes and can deliver exceptional code in a fast-paced environment, wed love to meet you. Bonus points if you love restaurants, too!
Youll work on:




A fast-paced, highly collaborative team to build out our OpenTable for Restaurants platform aimed at helping restaurants manage their daily operations from anywhere in the world on their Android, iOS and Web devices. As a part of the team, youll collaborate with a passionate and diverse group of engineers, designers, and product managers who are committed to building beautiful, scalable, and high-value features for restaurants.




On top of feature development, you will be in a position to set the vision and execution plan of what it means for a client application operations methods are, from the domain boundaries, to how they communicate with each other and the cloud. You will be responsible for proofing out your concepts via collaboration and by diving into our mobile application platform code to better understand the impact of your work on the clients. Using this research, you will help plan a multi-quarter strategy that allows us to deliver the value to our customer in the quickest way possible.








About you:




You love technology, especially Android, and enjoy finding better ways to do things. Youre curious, passionate and constantly thinking about making code clean and better. You want to share what you discover and feel energized when you can learn from the people around you. When you build software, you consider how people will use it from all angles. You take pride in carefully honing your apps until they feel reliable and effortless to use.
Learn more about OpenTable for Restaurants platform offerings: https:restaurant.opentable.com




Youll help us:





Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, support and improve existing applications and systems. Well be working in Kotlin for Android development (very rarely in Java for legacy code).
Collaborate with other team members, teams, software engineers, product managers, designers, and other stakeholders across the organization and across timezones.
Help foster a strong team culture and cultivate innovation.
Innovate our domain model and systems to better fit our products and services.
Continuously provide mentorship and guidance to team members.





Required skills:





Experience building Android applications using MVVM, RxJava and Dagger.
2 years of experience as a Mid-level Software Engineer
Unit testing using unit testing frameworks to maintain code quality
An understanding of design patterns, data structures and OO design.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong English skills both written and spoken
Must be able to work with minimal supervision; resourcefulness and self-sufficient
Experience working with multiple teams remotely and across different countries





Optional skills:

Experience with Compose
Java experience for occasional legacy code maintenance
Understanding of other MV architectures. Ability to safely migrate code written in other architectures to their modern implementations
BDD unit tests to document code requirements

Benefits:

OpenTable provides Mexican Social Security (IMSS)
Christmas Bonus - 30 days
Paid Time Off - 20 days a year
Vacation Premium - 25
Parental leave Options
Bereavement Leave - 3 days
Marriage leave - 3 days
Bonuses
Dental Insurance  Life Insurance
Major Medical Insurance

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.