With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.
We are currently seeking a highly skilled and motivated individual to join our Technology team as a Finance Operations person, specializing in IT cost optimization. This individual should possess a strong background in finance, demonstrate the ability to code and integrate data between systems. They will work closely with the various operations teams to streamline and optimize the costs of running our information technology department.
Responsibilities:

Collaborate with IT operations teams to identify opportunities for cost optimization
Analyze financial data related to IT costs, including budget, expenses, and vendor contracts
Build and maintain financial models to assess the financial impact of IT projects, investments, and cost-saving initiatives
Implement coding languages such as Python and SQL to automate financial analysis and reporting processes
Identify areas of inefficiency and work cross-functionally to streamline operations and reduce costs
Assist in budgeting and forecasting processes for the IT department, in collaboration with the finance team
Ensure compliance with financial regulations and standards related to IT expenditures
Provide insights and recommendations to senior management on cost optimization opportunities
Develop a reporting and metrics program to raise awareness of costs within our engineering teams

Requirements:

Masters degree in Finance, Business Administration, or a related field (MBA preferred)
Strong coding skills in languages such as Python, and SQL
Proven experience in financial analysis and modeling
Excellent analytical and problem-solving abilities
Ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal
Detail-oriented with a high degree of accuracy
Familiarity with both cloud and on premises computing models

If you meet the qualifications and are interested in this position, please submit your resume. We look forward to reviewing your application!
Benefits:

Work from (almost) anywhere; wherever you do your best work
Focus on mental health and well-being
Company paid therapy sessions through SpringHealth
Company paid subscription to HeadSpace
Company-wide weeks off each year - the whole team fully recharges (and returns without a pile-up of work!)
Generous paid parental leave
Generous paid vacation  time off for your birthday
Paid volunteer time
Health, dental  vision plans
401k with company match
Focus on your career growth
Enriched learning and development opportunities
Leadership development
Access to thousands of on-demand e-learnings

There are a variety of factors that go into determining a salary range, including but not limited to external market benchmark data, geographic location, and years of experience soughtrequired. The range for this remote United States based role is 113,000-143,000.
In addition to a competitive base salary, roles are eligible for additional compensation and benefits including: annual cash bonus, equity grant; health benefits; flexible spending account; retirement benefits; life insurance; paid time off (including PTO, paid sick leave, medical leave, bereavement leave, floating holidays and paid holidays); and parental leave and benefits.
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
LI-Remote
Remote work allowed