With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and increase revenue.
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.
We are seeking an experienced and dynamic Senior Manager to help the Executive team at OpenTable implement our company vision, goals and critical initiatives. As Senior Manager of Executive Team Projects, you will bring a proven track record in organizational operations, communications, and internal cross functional partner management. This role is critical in supporting the Executive teams key business operational processes such as annual Objectives and Key Results development and tracking, quarterly business review planning and ongoing critical initiatives. This is a unique opportunity to gain hands-on experience in strategic decision-making and operational processes by engaging closely with the Executive team.
Please note candidates must be located in the San Francisco Bay Area.
In this role, you will:

Act as an organizing force for the Executive Team across multiple domains, including supporting the Executive Team in keeping key long term priorities alive through threading them into appropriate places (weekly meetings, offsites, planning sessions, etc.)
Set, organize and facilitate Executive team meeting agendas, notes, materials and follow ups to ensure the Executive Team sessions are structured, purposeful, and drive action after the session
Project manage strategic cross-functional initiatives and special projects prioritized by the Executive team. Special projects could include helping evaluate acquisition opportunities, key critical initiatives that require extensive Executive team feedback and cross team collaboration, and liaising with Booking Holdings key partners on cross-brand collaboration
Provide logistical support for the annual QBR planning and quarterly business review process
Develop and operationalize processes
Work with Internal Communications as it relates to projectprocess progress updates
Act as a thoughtful, dynamic teammate willing to roll up your sleeves as situations arise - from helping an exec team member meet a deadline to reviewing a piece of content that needs an extra set of eyes before it goes it!

 
Please apply if:

BABS degree or higher, MBA preferred
6-10 years of work experience with time spent working at a software company andor consumer technology company. Backgrounds requiring conceptual thinking married with detailed analysis strongly preferred; e.g. senior executive supportchief of staff functions, management consulting, investment banking
Strategic problem solver who combines the unique capacity to be both methodical and have a bias for execution with a high sense of urgency
Experience running executive operational processes
Efficient, highly productive, capacity to juggle multiple projects, self-motivated and flexible; thrives in an entrepreneurial and collaborative environment
Extreme attention to detail and organizational skills with the ability to identify and optimize processes
Strong analytical skills and ability to use data to review strategic recommendations
Excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills. Experience communicating with and influencing executives and partners
Forward thinking and able to anticipate business needs
Ability to thrive in ambiguity and be highly productive in a fast-paced environment
Ability to navigate executive conversations and dispositions
Experience and discretion with sensitive information

Benefits:

Generous paid vacation
Day off on your birthday
Company matched retirement plans
Health, dental and vision insurance plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
Headspace Subscription
Drinks, coffee, snacks, games
Flexible hours
Universal Paid Parental leave

 
There are a variety of factors that go into determining a salary range, including but not limited to external market benchmark data, geographic location, and years of experience soughtrequired. The salary range for this remote United States based role is 140,000-180,000.
In addition to a competitive base salary, roles are eligible for additional compensation and benefits including: annual cash bonus; health benefits; flexible spending account; retirement benefits; life insurance; paid time off (including PTO, paid sick leave, medical leave, bereavement leave, floating holidays and paid holidays); and parental leave and benefits.
 
Diversity and Inclusion
We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve. We know that when we have diverse teams we produce more creative ideas, products, and better outcomes for our team members. OpenTableKAYAK is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer, and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. Whoever you are, just be you.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
LI-BG1