With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.
For nearly 25 years weve been connecting diners and restaurants for millions of date nights, birthdays, Taco Tuesdays, happy hours and just-because dinners. Dining behaviors and restaurant operations are ever changing, especially now, and at OpenTable youll be playing a crucial role in shaping the future of the dining industry as it continues to evolve. Wed love you to join us in thoughtfully supporting our diner and restaurant customers and driving experiences that will be used by millions globally.
The Opportunity
Were looking for a Senior Product Design Manager to lead design for our Diner Platform, establishing and driving high-quality experiences across all platforms and touchpoints where our diners interact with OpenTable, including our native apps and web experiences! Youll lead a distributed team of versatile product designers, and collaborate closely with product managers, engineering, research, data science, design systems, brand design, and more to ensure were delivering value to our customers and crafting experiences that will significantly impact diners and restaurants around the world.
Youll be an influential partner embedded in our UX team, where youll pair closely with product development colleagues and leaders in optimizing our processes and improving ways of working together, leading all aspects of design quality and crafting space for innovation, and ensuring your direct reports are challenged and supported along their career growth journey.
Learn more about how we work at opentable.design
About you
As a Senior Product Design Manager, you have...

Hands on experience in product design and understand how to establish, implement and maintain impactful, fabulous and effective user experiences both through yourself and others
A consistent track record in growing designers, motivating them and helping them achieve their career goals
Deep expertise in iOS, Android and responsive web, with a proficient understanding of the nuances and standard processes across each platform
Outstanding visual design skills
Extensive experience in design for consumer platforms
Data-driven and consistently use data to advise decision making
Highly skilled in partner management, and are able to build consensus across multiple subject areas, balancing the needs of our users, our teams, and our business
Strong systems-thinking, analytical, problem-solving, and interpretation skills
The ability to build and evangelize a vision, and develop comprehensive plans to bring that vision to life through your team
Excellent storytelling skills with the ability to build effective verbal and written communication, including the ability to develop and deliver presentations to internal audiences
Critical thinking ablility—when finding yourself in a debate, you can appreciate both sides of an issue while remaining kind and standing by your convictions
Highly collaborative skills and value feedback and input from others
Continuous value of introspection to improve yourself, your team, and your products

What else would make you stand out?

Experience in the restaurant industry andor a passion for food and dining
Experience working on dual-market products

And if you arent sure you meet all the above requirements, wed still love to hear from you.
Benefits:

Paid Time Off - 20 days a year
Birthdaycelebration PTO - 1 day
Annual company weeks off
Flexible sick time off
Paid volunteer time
Parental Leave Benefits
Dental  Vision Insurance
Life  Disability Insurance
Group RRSP and DPSP
Major Medical Insurance (dependent care options)

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.