Proficient with speaking, reading and writing in English  Mandarin Chinese is required, Japanese is a plus. This is a 12 month Fixed Term Contract.
At OpenTable, were on a mission to transform the hospitality industry. Our Tier 2 Support Reps play a pivotal role in achieving this by providing technical expertise and assistance to our Tier 1 Customer Support teams and customers. Were looking for someone who loves tackling complex challenges, thrives in a dynamic environment, and is passionate about delivering exceptional customer experiences.
Role Overview:
As a Tier 2 Support Rep, youll be the go-to specialist and mentor for our popular products. Your mission is to ensure that both our internal team and customers have the support they need to make the most of our offerings. Youll dive into technical issues, analyze and resolve complex problems, and collaborate across teams to find solutions. Your knack for clear communication and dedication to exceptional service will make you a true OpenTable emissary.
OpenTable
OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), powers reservations for the hospitality industry. OpenTables software seats more than 1 billion people per year and helps more than 60,000 restaurants, bars, wineries and other venues attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
As an employee of OpenTable, you will be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of metasearch brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined. Many employees work directly with one brand, but we all have the benefit of using each others strengths and insights. Together, were helping people experience the world through dining and travel.
Responsibilities:


Provide technical support to Tier 1 Customer Support Teams and external customers via telephone, email, and chat.


Lead projects to enhance customer support and internal processes.


Create and update troubleshooting procedures and knowledge base articles.


Collaborate with the engineering team, taking ownership of critical issues and following up on bugs.


Assist both internal and external customers with technical and software-related problems, documenting and investigating issues thoroughly.


Accurately log reported incidents in our internal systems.


Act as a point of reference for internal staff, facilitating optimal communication for effective issue resolution.


Troubleshoot issues, including outbound and follow-up phone calls with external customers while maintaining a high level of quality.


Identify trends in tickets and critical issues, reporting insights to management and the product team.


 
Desired Experience:


2 years of professional troubleshooting experience.


Proficiency in problem-solving across hardware and software domains.


Experience with Operating Systems (Windows, MacOS, iOS, Android), basic HTML, Salesforce, JIRA.


Previous client support role experience is a plus.


Restauranthospitality experience is advantageous.


Working knowledge of iOS is desirable.


Interest in and basic understanding of programming languages like JSON and API calls.


Competencies:


Proficient with speaking, reading and writing in English  Mandarin Chinese is required, Japanese is a plus


Adaptability to frequent product and process changes.


Excellent multitasking and prioritization skills.


Strong verbal and written communication abilities.


Ability to convey technical issues to varying skill levels.


Strong sense of accountability and ownership.


Exceptional organizational skills.


Solution-oriented approach with attention to detail.


Collaborative team player with self-directed motivation.


Curiosity and innovation mindset to improve systems and processes.


 
Benefits (US-based positions)


Generous paid vacation


Day off on your birthday


Company matched retirement plans


Health, dental and vision insurance plans


Flexible Spending Accounts


Headspace Subscription


Drinks, coffee, snacks, games


Flexible hours


Universal Paid Parental leave


 
Diversity and Inclusion
We aspire to have a workplace that reflects all of the diverse communities we serve. We know that when we have diverse teams we produce more creative ideas, products, and better outcomes for our team members. OpenTableKAYAK is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and we welcome and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply for roles on our team. Whoever you are, just be you.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
 
LI-EK1
remote 