With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.
Were hoping that you, a Frontend Engineer II, can help us build even more engaging web experiences for our restaurant customers. Our applications are written in modern React with Hooks and Redux using TypeScript. We test with React Testing Library and Cypress, work in Node.js, and collaborate closely with backend engineers, product managers, designers, and delivery managers.
In this role, you will:

Write completely new user experiences using modern frontend tools that help restaurants run their businesses
Improve our existing applications using your experience and creativity
Develop new features by working closely with product managers and designers
Deliver impactful initiatives that improve the lives of restaurateurs

Please apply if:

You have an empathetic approach and enjoy collaborating with developers, designers, and product owners of all career levels
You have 3 years of work with JavaScript or TypeScript, and React
You can drive projects from technical planning all the way to the release
You enjoy crafting accessible and scalable web experiences using semantic HTML and CSS
You value testing as a way to ensure a great user experience
You embody a growth mindset and enjoy working in a team setting
You possess an appetite for refining and improving the end-user experience as well as the developer experience
You see communication as the cornerstone of building solid applications

Please consider applying even if you dont meet all the requirements. A computer science degree is not required to join OpenTable.
Benefits:

OpenTable provides Mexican Social Security (IMSS)
Christmas Bonus - 30 days
Paid Time Off - 20 days a year
Vacation Premium - 25
Maternity leave - 12 weeks
Paternity leave - 10 weeks
Bereavement Leave - 3 days
Marriage leave - 3 days
Bonuses
Dental Insurance  Life Insurance
Major Medical Insurance

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.