With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.
The Senior Manager, District Manager for EMEA Growth Markets, has responsibility for the growth and development of OpenTables restaurant network, including the acquisition of new business, growing existing business, the retention of accounts, and OpenTables revenue growth in its regional growth markets, namely UAE, France and Italy. The District Manager for EMEA Growth Markets will be a dynamic, highly data-driven leader who will not only own the Regional Growth business, but also spearhead building out a technology-led sales organization, using data to help prioritize and optimize the teams resources for scalable growth.
 
In this role, you will: 


Provide leadership, vision and direct management for dispersed Rockstar Account Executives and Account Managers in the regions.


Grow revenue through new sales acquisition, installation, and retention of assigned accounts.


Own and improve the sales process and customer experience from pre-sale to post-sale in specified territories. Examine and improve key business processes through tech  data innovation that drives scalable growth. Source, vet and build cases to implement technologies that will improve our understanding of the restaurant landscape


Effectively handle performance across the team to hit goals for the regions and manage out poor performers.


Define characteristics of top performers for the organization. Identify, recruit, hire and train the team to build and retain a group of highly motivated, bold, and top performing Account Executives and Account Managers.


Represent OpenTable as an industry leader and also to high value accounts as the final point of partner concern for resolution of conflicts, competitive threats, and changes to market strategy.


Provide guidance and cross-departmental coordination as sales leadership voice with key department heads including Product, Brand  Performance Marketing, Finance  Operations, Support, and Business Development. Understanding of decision-making and critical metrics in each of these departments are key.


Design, drive and present compelling strategic plans by developing goals, objectives and implementation plans. Run the regions as business units with PL responsibility, with an understanding of top line and bottom line drivers.


Actively participate in executive decisions related to the team by providing thoughtful analysis and input related to pricing strategies, prioritization and delivery of corporate initiatives.


30-50 travel is expected.


 
Please apply if: 


7 years of relevant experience in B2B Enterprise sales andor Account Management, building and leading salesbusiness development teams or running business units.


Understanding of full-funnel B2B and B2C demand generation


Experience at a fast pacedtech organization is required; restaurant industry experience is preferred.


Deep understanding of the restaurant industry, customer trends and the ability to weave these into tactical plans.


A great people manager - we are looking for someone to hire, train, retain and lead a team of sales and relationship management all-stars.


Experienced manager and key contributor who frequently overachieves on assigned goals with the ability to prioritize and focus a team.


Deep experience with financial  sales modeling and forecasting.


Demonstrated success with data-driven decision modeling, data analysis, data storytelling, problem solving and ability to implement.


Consistent record of sales success in a similar Saas or start-up environment.


Ability to multitask and prioritize in a fast paced, multifaceted work environment. Will lead multiple high-priority and time sensitive initiatives in parallel.


Curious, tenacious, and results-driven, and is excited by complex negotiations and adept at partner management in a fast-paced environment.


Proven ability to lead a team with an entrepreneurial spirit, positive attitude, and passion for the business. Works with autonomy, needing little guidance.


Good sense of humor while working in an unstructured, fast paced environment.


Excellent communication skills, including an affinity for data-driven story-telling. Ability to succinctly convey concepts via a PL and deep analysis is imperative to the success of this role.


Excellent written and oral communication skills.


Competitive, tenacious, and results-driven.


A great sense of humor and utmost integrity, and embraces direct feedback.


Top tier college degree expected, an advanced degree is a plus.


Must live in London with flexibility for at least 25 travel across EMEA and the US.

Fluent English is required, and a second language (French, Italian) preferred

 
Benefits:


Vacation: you accrue 25 days a year or 33 days for our CSR Team


One Celebration Day per calendar year


Private Health  Dental and Life Insurances


Employee Assistance Program (EAP)


Pension Fund


Gym Discount


Bike2Work


Season Loan Ticket


Reimbursable eye tests and 100 GBP contribution towards VDU glasses only


Perkbox  Booking.com business discounts


 
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.