With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined. 
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.
Mexico City, office-based role, with English speakingreadingwriting skills required

The Account Manager- Central Queue drives engagement, increases reservation availability, and decreases churn for our customers. This team is collectively responsible for the overall health of our largest segment of restaurant customers. Your interactions will be remote, using phone, e-mail, webinars and other methods to convey ideas, perform training and resolve open issues.
It is our mission to look after each valuable customer, and we quickly assess their needs and work to address those needs efficiently. We help the restaurant incorporate OpenTable into their daily operations, continually driving adoption in the process. Churn is reduced by working with and demonstrating the value of our products and services to restaurants. If you in the business of building and maintaining relationships then you will love this role and the OpenTable culture!
Key Responsibilities 
  Youll be responsible management of our most valuable business segmentation of customers
  You will share data with restaurants to change behavior and drive adoption
  You will enthusiastically work closely with customers to drive engagement on the OpenTable
platform and increase reservation availability
  Respond to restaurant partner concerns from our Customer Support and field teams
  Perform presentations and training remotely to restaurant customers
  Inspire customers to think differently about their business in ways that will help both parties
achieve success
  Meet and exceed regular team and individual goals
  Reduce churn
Experience and Skills Desired 
  Account management experience
  Consistent record of consultative selling andor account management
  Deep knowledge of restaurant operations
  Self-motivated with tried ability to perform well under pressure and against bold goals and
deadlines
  Skilled at presenting new points of view to customers that reframe and challenge the way
they view their business
  Aptitude for collecting and using data to inform and persuade others to make business
decisions
  Excellent communication, listening, influencing and training skills
  Ambitious, tenacious and results driven
  Validated ability to work across many departments to solve problems and achieve results.
  Excellent organization, documentation and time management skills
  Shown success working in an unstructured and entrepreneurial environment


Benefits and perks 
  OpenTable provides Mexican Social Security (IMSS)  Christmas Bonus - 30 days  Paid Time Off - 20 days a year  Vacation Premium - 25  Maternity leave - 12 weeks  Paternity leave - 10 weeks  Bereavement Leave - 3 days  Marriage leave - 3 days  Bonuses  Dental Insurance  Life Insurance  Major Medical Insurance
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion:
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
