With millions of diners, tens of thousands of restaurants, and 23 years of experience, OpenTable, part of Booking Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), is an industry leader with a unique insight into the world of hospitality. We champion restaurants, bars, wineries, and other venues around the world, helping them attract guests, manage capacity, improve operations and maximize revenue.
Every employee at OpenTable has a tangible impact on what we do and how we do it. Youll also be part of a global network that includes OpenTable and KAYAKs portfolio of travel brands including Swoodoo, checkfelix, momondo, Cheapflights, Mundi and HotelsCombined.
Hospitality is all about taking care of others, and it defines our culture. Youll work in a welcoming and inclusive environment, and get the benefits, flexibility, and support you need to succeed.
The role:
Do you have a passion for security? OpenTable is looking for a highly motivated and experienced Principal Information Security Engineer. This individual will be responsible for ensuring the security and protection of the companys information assets and infrastructure. The Principal Information Security Engineer will also be a key player in developing the goals and mission of the security program and facilitating its advancement. This person will also:

Provide subject matter expertise on architecture, authentication, and system security
Collaborate and make proposals across several teams on cross-functional security initiatives
Teach, guide, and mentor new and existing team members
Play a central role in technical, business, and organizational contributions affecting the company
Provide a point of escalation for security incidents
Define security requirements for the implementation of new applications and projects
Assist in conducting risk assessments to evaluate the effectiveness of existing controls and determine the impact of proposed changes
Provide technical support to regulatory agencies, external auditors, and internal auditors
Develop and implement new initiatives to simplify, standardize and optimize threat monitoring operations methods
Create and implement new tools to reduce analysis and reporting times and increase security, availability, and service agility
Manage and support the development of security operations playbooks to ensure threat detection, monitoring, response
Provide tooling for complex investigations and deep analysis of security events focused on rapid containment, remediation, and mitigation
Architect and implement on-premise, cloud-based, enterprise-scale, and SaaS software solutions and the associated infrastructure and tech components

Please apply if you: 

Are a critical thinker and seek to understand the business and its control environment
Have a solid understanding of enterprise security best practices and compliance frameworks
Believe insight and objectivity are core elements to assure the effectiveness and efficiency of governance, risk management, and internal control processes
A steadfast focus on quality and timeliness
Embrace bold ideas and are intellectually curious; you like to ask questions, test assumptions, and challenge conventional thinking
Develop influential relationships based on shared risk objectives and trust to deliver outstanding business impact and elevate Audits value proposition
Are an educator - you have a passion for coaching and invest in the improvement of your team
Lead through change with candor and optimism
Create energy and an environment that fosters trust, collaboration, and belonging

If you are a highly motivated and experienced information security professional with a passion for security, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity.
A few of the benefits you get at OpenTable—

Work from (almost) anywhere; wherever you do your best work
Focus on mental health and well-being
Company paid therapy sessions through SpringHealth
Company paid subscription to HeadSpace
Company-wide weeks off each year - the whole team fully recharges (and returns without a pile-up of work!)
Generous paid parental leave
Generous paid vacation  time off for your birthday
Paid volunteer time
Health, dental  vision plans
401k with company match
Focus on your career growth
Enriched learning and development opportunities
Leadership development
Access to thousands of on-demand e-learnings

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
OpenTable aspires to be a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and a culture that is inclusive and welcoming. Hiring people with different backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and ideas is critical to innovation and to how we deliver great experiences for our users and our partners. Representation matters.
We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform job responsibilities, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
LI-Remote
Remote work allowed
 