About Orchard
Orchard is radically simplifying the way people buy and sell their homes. For the average American, the home purchase and sale process takes months, creates anxiety, and is filled with uncertainty and hassle. Orchard has reimagined the end-to-end experience of buying and selling, from innovative home search tools to find the perfect home to the ability to buy a new home before selling your current one. Orchard customers manage the entire experience through a personalized online dashboard, while also getting the support of best-in-class Orchard real estate agents. 
Headquartered in New York City with an office in Austin and teammates across the US, Orchard has over 400 employees and growing. We have financing from top-tier investors including Revolution, Firstmark, Accomplice, Navitas and Juxtapose, who have also backed the likes of Pinterest, Airbnb, Shopify and Sweetgreen. Were proud to be recognized by Crains, Inc. 5000, Glassdoor, Parity.org and Built In on their lists of best places to work.About The Role
Orchard is looking for a Content Writer who will help write a library of best-in-class educational content on all things real estate. Youll turn out copy that is accessible, easy-to-parse, and engaging, while also incorporating SEO best-practices to help drive traffic to the website and generate leads for the company. This is a chance to actively engage in content strategy, and an excellent opportunity to get a foothold into SEO marketing  — or further refine those skills and apply them strategically. 
This is a full-time role that will report into the Content Managing Editor, with the option to be remote in the following locations: AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, FL, GA, MA, MD, NC, NJ, NY, OR, SC, TN, TX, VA, WA, or WI.
What Youll Do Here:

Research, write, and edit 15 to 20 pieces of explainer content and data-based articles per month on homebuying, home-selling, and homeownership 
Update and optimize older articles with links and sources to ensure accuracy to improve quality and overall search rankings
Work cross-functionally with the greater marketing teams and collaborate creatively on new marketing materials
Be regarded and referred to as a subject matter expert on real estate, both internally and externally

Wed Love to Hear From You if You Have:

At least 2 years of professional writing experience. Real estate knowledge is helpful, but not required
Ability to conduct research and simplify complex topics for broad audiences
Familiarity with SEO best practices, or a willingness to learn
Track record of meeting deadlines and producing a high volume of quality content
Proof youre a fast learner. We dont expect you to come to the table knowing the details of our industry, but we need someone who can take that knowledge and build on it. 
A desire to work autonomously. Youre comfortable operating with minimal direction and the creative freedom that comes with it

For NYC and Colorado residents only: The pay range for this position in New York City and Colorado is 65,000-75,000year. The actual base pay offered may vary within the range provided depending on job-related knowledge, skills, experience, and location. Stock options and other incentive pay may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, andor other benefits, depending on the position offered. This information is provided per the New York City Human Rights Law and the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Please note that the range provided is applicable only to New York City-based and Colorado-based applicants. Base compensation may vary if the work location is outside of New York City or Colorado.
LI-AW1 LI-Remote BI-RemoteOrchard is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law.