

The opportunity

As we continue to experience exponential growth, were searching for a talented Account Executive to join our expanding Sales team!  The successful person will be instrumental in powering the Otter revenue engine through innovation  energy, consistently scaling our business and maximizing value for our customers. Youll join a talented team focused on helping our future SMB  Mid-Market customers understand and leverage the power of Otter. This is a great opportunity to work side by side with amazing sales talent and our product-centric team.
Your impact

Help organizations become more productive and collaborative 
Oversee the full cycle from prospecting to close within our SMB  Mid-Market segments
Manage and close new business through a variety of sales channels
Work strategically with our sales executives and provide timely and accurate forecasts for with clear visibility into revenue performance
Get creative with your own demonstrations tailored to each client needs that demonstrate Otters product
Be the voice of the customer with cross-functional partners in Product and Marketing etc
Pioneer top-down selling motions and methodologies

Were looking for someone who

2 years of closing experience in a high-velocity SaaS sales environment
Proven track record managing the full sales cycle and successful contract negotiation
Experience working with security procurement, legal, and finance teams
Proficiency using Salesforce, Outreach.io, Sales Navigator or other sales tools
Go-getter attitude, and strives to develop repeatable processes that support a high volume of transactions
Excellent team orientation 
Proven track record collaborating cross functionally
Core set of impeccable customer skills including communication, empathy, and integrity
Adaptable, flexible and resilient in an ever-changing environment

About Otter.ai
We are in the business of shaping the future of work. Our mission is to make the future of communication more collaborative, accessible, and productive for all.
We are growing fast, last year we recorded a total of over 150 million meeting minutes, announced a 50 million Series B and we were included in Business Insiders 10 AI startups that raised the biggest Series A and B list. In addition, Adam Cheyer the cofounder of Siri, Larry Heck the cofounder of Cortana and Greg Holmes, the first head of sales at Zoom, joined us as advisors.
 

Otter.ai is an equal opportunity employer. We proudly celebrate diversity and are dedicated to inclusivity.
Please note: Otter.ai does not accept unsolicited resumes from 3rd party recruitment agencies without a written agreement in place for permanent placements. Any resume or other candidate information submitted outside of established candidate submission guidelines (including through our website or via email to any Otter.ai employee) and without a written agreement otherwise will be deemed to be our sole property, and no fee will be paid should we hire the candidate.
Salary range 
Salary Range: 75,000 to 100,000 USD per year not inclusive of commissionThis salary range represents the low and high end of the estimated salary range for this position. The actual base salary offered for the role is dependent on several factors. Our base salary is just one component of a comprehensive total rewards package.  
 
