Contract Position
The Opportunity
As a B2BEnterprise Product Marketing Lead, you will play a pivotal role in driving the successful adoption and market penetration of our AI-powered Meeting Assistance and Collaboration platform in the mid-market and enterprise segments, partnering closely with sales and marketing leadership. Your primary focus will be to develop and execute product marketing plans that showcase the value and capabilities of our innovative solution to potential customers while also driving customer retention and expansion.  We are a start-up, so you will wear many hats. This position reports to the Otter.ai CMO.
Your Impact
Demand Generation and Marketing Campaigns:

Own and drive monthly targets for sales meetings booked, working closely with the SDR team and sales operations.
Collaborate with the marketing and design team to create high-quality marketing collateral, including product overviews, case studies, blog posts, videos, and webinars, to attract, educate and engage prospects and customers.
Develop sales enablement materials that equip the sales team with the necessary resources to showcase the products value proposition effectively.
Collaborate closely with the sales team to provide product messaging and equip them with the necessary materials to effectively position and sell the product.
Collaborate with the marketing team to design and execute demand generation campaigns to drive lead generation (meetings booked) and pipeline growth.
Own and drive virtual and in-person event strategy and execution.
Track campaign performance metrics and optimize strategies for continuous improvement using Hubspot and Amplitude.

Go-to-Market Planning:

Develop and test strategies to identify and cultivate PQL (product-qualified leads) from Otters extensive existing user base.
Develop and execute go-to-market plans and associated metrics for product launches, feature updates, and expansion into new market segments (either industry-based or functional role based).
Identify key market segments, industry verticals, and buyer personas to target with tailored marketing efforts. Understand audiences, use cases and prioritize based on product market fit and competitive landscape.
Craft compelling and differentiated product messaging that resonates with our target audience and effectively communicates the benefits of our AI-powered Meeting Assistance and Collaboration platform.

Were looking for someone who

Bachelors degree in marketing, business, or a related field. MBA preferred.
Proven experience (10 years) in B2Benterprise product marketing in the SaaS industry, focusing on cutting-edge technology products.
Strong understanding of AI technology and its application in business settings.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with a flair for storytelling and crafting compelling content.
Demonstrated ability to work in a fast-paced environment, handling multiple projects and priorities simultaneously.
Analytical mindset with the ability to use data to drive decision-making and measure the effectiveness of marketing initiatives.
Experience with Salesforce and Hubspot CRM is required.
Team player with excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to collaborate effectively across departments.
Available to work in person with our sales and marketing team in Mountain View on Tuesdays and Thursdays andor from SF or Mountain View on Wednesdays.

Join us in revolutionizing how businesses collaborate and conduct meetings with the power of AI. This is a unique opportunity to be part of a high-growth start-up and significantly impact the future of workplace communication and collaboration.
About Otter.ai 
We are in the business of shaping the future of work. Our mission is to make conversations more valuable.
We are growing fast. Last year we recorded a total of over 150 million meeting minutes, announced a 50 million Series B and we were included in Business Insiders 10 AI startups that raised the biggest Series A and B list. In addition, Adam Cheyer the cofounder of Siri, Larry Heck the cofounder of Cortana and Greg Holmes, the first head of sales at Zoom, joined us as advisors.
Otter.ai is an equal opportunity employer. We proudly celebrate diversity and are dedicated to inclusivity.
Otter.ai does not accept unsolicited resumes from 3rd party recruitment agencies without a written agreement in place for permanent placements. Any resume or other candidate information submitted outside of established candidate submission guidelines (including through our website or via email to any Otter.ai employee) and without a written agreement otherwise will be deemed to be our sole property, and no fee will be paid should we hire the candidate.
Salary Range:  160,000 - 200,000