The opportunity
We are searching for an Accounting Manager to join our growing finance team who is driven, detail-oriented, and has a reputation for rolling up their sleeves as a true builder. This person will be fundamental in building our internal accounting function and instrumental in supporting our growing business. This is an exciting opportunity for a driven and self-motivated person looking for an opportunity to excel in a PLG, SaaS, high-growth, fast-paced business.  
Your impact

Manage, coordinate, and lead a team in monthly, quarterly, and year-end accounting close activities
Oversee day-to-day accounting activities and ensure compliance with internal controls
Ensure accurate and timely reporting of financial results in accordance with US GAAP and global accounting policies
Ensure proper accounting standards and controls are applied and in compliance with internal controls, e.g., journal entry review, general ledger account reconciliation review, analytic review of monthly results including detailed analysis
Identify and implement process improvements and automation to reduce close time while maintaining accounting integrity and accuracy
Partner with cross-functional teams to identify areas for improvement and solve problems
Coordinate external audits and provide support to auditors
Ability and eagerness to jump into related projects and initiatives as needed

Were looking for someone who

6 years of accounting experience at both a public accounting firm and a high-growth SaaS company 
CPA strongly preferred
Experience in a managerial role
Advanced skills in Excel, Quickbooks, Stripe, and other important accounting tools
Extreme attention to detail
Ability to set priorities, handle multiple tasks, and deliver results in a fast paced and dynamic environment with the desire for continuous improvement
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills

About Otter.ai 
We are in the business of shaping the future of work. Our mission is to make conversations  more valuable.
We are growing fast. Last year we recorded a total of over 150 million meeting minutes, announced a 50 million Series B and we were included in Business Insiders 10 AI startups that raised the biggest Series A and B list. In addition, Adam Cheyer the cofounder of Siri, Larry Heck the cofounder of Cortana and Greg Holmes, the first head of sales at Zoom, joined us as advisors.
Otter.ai is an equal opportunity employer. We proudly celebrate diversity and are dedicated to inclusivity.
Otter.ai does not accept unsolicited resumes from 3rd party recruitment agencies without a written agreement in place for permanent placements. Any resume or other candidate information submitted outside of established candidate submission guidelines (including through our website or via email to any Otter.ai employee) and without a written agreement otherwise will be deemed to be our sole property, and no fee will be paid should we hire the candidate.
Annual base salary 120,000 to 150,000 