Parallel Systems is a Series A startup company developing the future of intermodal transportation. Our mission is to decarbonize freight while improving supply chain logistics and safety. We are developing vehicles and software to create new autonomous and electric transportation systems for existing rail infrastructure.
At Parallel Systems, we value the team as much as the mission. We want to work with talented people who are humble, motivated, and persistent. Our most successful team members are self-starters and collaborate with others to reach our collective goals.

Parallel is looking for engineers with experience working on computing infrastructure, data pipelines, and other automation projects to join a fast-paced team building machine learning infrastructure and tooling for Perception. You will be responsible for building infrastructure that supports a rapid development lifecycle and tooling to support data collection, model evaluation, debugging, validation, deployment, and monitoring of production systems.

 
Responsibilities 

Architect and implement large-scale data processing pipelines for images, videos, and other sensor inputs
Architect hardware and software infrastructure that drives performance improvements of machine learning models
Implement the end-to-end platform that supports machine learning operations
Deliver company objectives and execute plans to hit schedule targets
Mentor other software engineers and contribute to the perception teams technical growth

Basic Qualifications

BS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or a similar Engineering discipline.
4 years of experience in an SDLC environment
Experience shipping a Machine learning product end-to-end into production
Experience in system-level software and resource utilization, parallelism and multiprocessing, and being able to debug problems across the stack

Preferred Qualifications 

Experience with container orchestration such as Docker, Kubernetes, and Airflow
Experience with cloud computing such as AWS EC2S3RDS
Experience with Python and machine learning frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow

 Please note the national salary range listed in the job posting reflects the new hire salary range across levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be commensurate with the candidates final level. Also, this range represents base salary only and does not include equity or benefits, if applicable.150,000year to 215,000year  equity  benefits150,000—215,000 USDParallel Systems is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any discriminatory factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. We work to build an inclusive environment in which all people can come to do their best work.
Parallel Systems is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Parallel Systems will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your recruiter.