At Paradigm, we are changing the future of finance! By joining us at this early stage, youll be building cutting-edge, distributed financial service infrastructure that will reshape financial services across CeFi and DeFi markets. 
About Paradigm

Paradigm is a zero-fee, institutional liquidity network for derivatives traders across CeFi and DeFi. 
We provide unified access to multi-asset, multi-protocol liquidity on demand without compromising on execution preferences, costs, and immediacy. 
Weve built the largest network of institutional counterparties in crypto, with over 1000 institutional clients trading over 10 B per month.
We are a diverse, global team led by our organizational principles and united by our mission to bring on-demand liquidity for traders, anytime and anywhere, without compromises. We also strive to ship faster than anyone else in the industry!
We are backed by the best traders and investors in the space, including Jump Capital, Genesis Trading, Dragonfly Capital, QCP Capital, Optiver US, IMC, GSR Markets, Akuna Capital, Fidelity Digital Assets CMT Digital, Goldentree Asset Management, Amber Group, OK Group, Bybit Fintech, and CoinShares.
The Role
Paradigm is looking for a Product Marketing Manager. You will connect the dots between the Product, Marketing, Sales and Client Coverage teams to build and execute go-to-market plans that drive the success of our products.
Responsibilities

Define go-to-market strategies for new product launches and improve the announcement process
Develop distinctive product positioning and messaging
Build a roadmap of ongoing, cross-channel marketing plans at a product line level
Work with the Marketing team to develop content and ensure tone of voice is consistent across all channels
Partner with the Product team to help prioritise product development based on client feedback and market research
Support our Sales and Client Coverage teams, providing them with the assets they need to effectively communicate and sell the product(s)
Draw on qualitative and quantitative insights to understand product adoption, usage and retention across client segments
Recommend new product ideas and marketing strategies
Advise on competitive analyses and client research efforts to understand important client segments and define opportunities

Who Were Looking For

5 years in a product marketing role, ideally in tech or a related industry
An understanding of both B2B and B2C marketing strategies
Strong project management abilities to plan and execute complex cross-functional initiatives
Equally creative and strategic thinker
Excellent storytelling skills
Able to translate complex trading concepts into simple and clear language
A self-starter who takes initiative and keeps up with a fast-paced company
Knowledge of Python and SQL preferred

Our Benefits and Perks

Competitive pay and transparent pay bands
Flexible work environment

Unlimited vacation with a minimum required PTO of 10 days annually.
Celebrate your national holidays, in addition to floating holidays, to honor what matters to you, not HQ.

Full benefits (benefits vary by country)

We offer the highest benefits package offered by our Employment of Record partners; insurance carriers and plans vary by country

Generous technology and learning allowances

3500 first-year budget to spend on your computer, peripherals, office essentials...whatever makes you most efficient and comfortable. Youll then receive a 2000 refresh every 2 years.
1000 budget to spend on learning and development materials, courses or conferences.


Paradigm is an equal opportunity employer.
