At Paradigm, we are changing the future of finance! By joining us at this early stage, youll be building cutting-edge, distributed financial service infrastructure that will reshape financial services across CeFi and DeFi markets. 
About Paradigm

Paradigm is a zero-fee, institutional liquidity network for derivatives traders across CeFi and DeFi. 
We provide unified access to multi-asset, multi-protocol liquidity on demand without compromising on execution preferences, costs, and immediacy. 
Weve built the largest network of institutional counterparties in crypto, with over 1000 institutional clients trading over 10 B per month.
We are a diverse, global team led by our organizational principles and united by our mission to bring on-demand liquidity for traders, anytime and anywhere, without compromises. We also strive to ship faster than anyone else in the industry!
We are backed by the best traders and investors in the space, including Jump Capital, Genesis Trading, Dragonfly Capital, QCP Capital, Optiver US, IMC, GSR Markets, Akuna Capital, Fidelity Digital Assets CMT Digital, Goldentree Asset Management, Amber Group, OK Group, Bybit Fintech, and CoinShares.
The role
As a core member of our backend team, you will build and maintain major features, through inception, design, implementation and launch, working closely with product and engineering disciplines across the company. You will spend the majority of your time on cross-functional self-contained feature teams focused on delivering value to the customer, while other projects will be more internally focused on reliability, scalability, and performance.
Responsibilities

Design, build and maintain scalable, secure web services and distributed systems
Design and develop robust solutions for trade negotiation and execution, real-time market data, authentication and security
Help maintain existing codebase, infrastructure, test coverage, and documentation
Communicate requirements effectively within and across teams

Requirements

8 years of backend engineering experience, ideally building products from ideation to launch with a strong engineering team
Working knowledge of an object oriented programming language like (Python, Golang, Java, C etc..)
Working knowledge of Database technologies(SQLNOSQL), Caching Technologies and Distributed messaging systems
Experience monitoring and scaling microservice-oriented systems
Familiarity with websocket architecture and implementation
Team-building and technical leadership experience
Willingness to learn new technologies and domains

Nice to have

Experience with distributed systems: KafkaNATsDynamoDbPostgresRedis
Experience working with cloud-native AWS infrastructure andor Kubernetes

This position is flexible on-site or hybrid position at our headquarters office in Singapore. We are able to provide financial and logistical support for work Visa procurement and relocation for Singapore, if applicable. 
Our Benefits and Perks

Competitive pay and transparent pay bands
Flexible work environment

Unlimited vacation with a minimum required PTO of 10 days annually.
Celebrate your national holidays, in addition to floating holidays, to honor what matters to you, not HQ.

Full benefits (benefits vary by country)

We offer the highest benefits package offered by our Employment of Record partners; insurance carriers and plans vary by country

Generous technology and learning allowances

3500 first-year budget to spend on your computer, peripherals, office essentials...whatever makes you most efficient and comfortable. Youll then receive a 2000 refresh every 2 years.
1000 budget to spend on learning and development materials, courses or conferences.


Paradigm is an equal opportunity employer.
