Parallel Systems is a Series A startup company developing the future of intermodal transportation. Our mission is to decarbonize freight while improving supply chain logistics and safety. We are developing vehicles and software to create new autonomous and electric transportation systems for existing rail infrastructure.
At Parallel Systems, we value the team as much as the mission. We want to work with talented people who are humble, motivated, and persistent. Our most successful team members are self-starters and collaborate with others to reach our collective goals.Parallel is looking for a Senior Software Manager to lead the Fleet Software team. Fleet Software is responsible for architecting, developing, validating, and deploying services that manage our vehicle fleet and interface with customer dispatch systems.
In this role you will be responsible for leading teams of engineers to deliver reliable software across the stack. This is a high impact role where you will be involved in technical and product strategy, operations, architecture, and execution. Were looking for candidates who are comfortable in a dynamic startup environment, and who are excited to build both the organization and the technology.
Your Impact
As Senior Manager of the Fleet Software team you will set the vision for the Fleet Software organization. You will develop product roadmaps, build teams, and deliver production software. Your organization will develop the algorithms that optimize Parallels automated vehicle fleet.
You will be accountable for growing and leading a best-in-class software team to develop modern, robust software systems powering an automated freight transportation system. Were looking for individuals who are passionate about building teams of high-performing, empowered individuals.
 
Responsibilities

Technical leadership

Set a vision for the direction of the Fleet Software group. Introduce and promote best practices for distributed service architectures, data and service resiliency, and security and compliance.
Work with other stakeholders within the company to architect and build a sophisticated fleet management system.


Mentorship:

Nurture your team.
Participate in technical conversations and meetings and provide feedback to your technical contributors.
Promote from within and guide your management team.


Management:

Work with the VP of Engineering and other senior leadership to align business and technical goals.
Set technical direction and communicate timelines.
Work with the recruiting team to build a diverse and capable organization.



 
Basic Qualifications

BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related Engineering discipline.
Strong software fundamentals in Rust, C, C, Go, Java, or similar general-purpose language.
3 years experience managing software teams. Experience developing and executing against product roadmaps and working with leadership and peers to establish priorities.
8 years experience developing software for cloud or on-prem hosted services.
Strong understanding of engineering best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, version control, build processes, testing, certification, and production support.
Strong planning and communication skills. Effective at building and leading high performing, motivated, diverse teams. Enjoys working with other individuals and teams to build consensus and solve challenging problems.

 
Preferred Qualifications

Experience designing, deploying, and supporting high-availability distributed systems for critical infrastructure.
Deep technical knowledge of a variety of distributed architecture approaches, tooling, services, and protocols.
Significant experience with cloud environments and infrastructure (AWS, Google Cloud, Azure or similar).
Familiarity with and experience pursuing SOC 2, ISO 27001, FedRAMP, or similar compliance certifications.

 Please note the national salary range listed in the job posting reflects the new hire salary range across levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be commensurate with the candidates final level. Also, this range represents base salary only and does not include equity or benefits, if applicable.200,000year to 275,000year  equity  benefits200,000—275,000 USDParallel Systems is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any discriminatory factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. We work to build an inclusive environment in which all people can come to do their best work.
Parallel Systems is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Parallel Systems will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your recruiter.