At Paradigm, we are changing the future of finance! By joining us at this early stage, youll be building cutting-edge, distributed financial service infrastructure that will reshape financial services across CeFi and DeFi markets. 
About Paradigm

Paradigm is a zero-fee, institutional liquidity network for derivatives traders across CeFi and DeFi. 
We provide unified access to multi-asset, multi-protocol liquidity on demand without compromising on execution preferences, costs, and immediacy. 
Weve built the largest network of institutional counterparties in crypto, with over 1000 institutional clients trading over 10 B per month.
We are a diverse, global team led by our organizational principles and united by our mission to bring on-demand liquidity for traders, anytime and anywhere, without compromises. We also strive to ship faster than anyone else in the industry!
We are backed by the best traders and investors in the space, including Jump Capital, Genesis Trading, Dragonfly Capital, QCP Capital, Optiver US, IMC, GSR Markets, Akuna Capital, Fidelity Digital Assets CMT Digital, Goldentree Asset Management, Amber Group, OK Group, Bybit Fintech, and CoinShares.
The Role
We are looking for an Onboarding Associate to implement and build-out our user onboarding program. This position will be based in our Singapore office and will give you the opportunity to interact with the global business and legal team on a cross-jurisdictional basis. Paradigm is a growth-stage start-up, and the ideal candidate will be a builder, willing to roll up their sleeves and work in a global position. 
Responsibilities

Own the user onboarding process, with a focus on getting clients through the onboarding process as seamlessly as possible while mitigating risk to protect the firm
Interact directly with institutional clients throughout the onboarding process  
Ensure all documentation and information received is updated, accurate and completed
Build relationships and coordinate closely with client-facing teams (product, business development, account management) 
Provide prompt, accurate and quality service to internal clients
Assist in ad-hocongoing regulatory projects and performing relevant controls embedded in the onboarding process
Support internal data analysis initiatives related to onboarding information
Assist in the development of new and existing business lines and compliance methodologies and drive innovation
Assess risk when business decisions are made. Demonstrate consideration to safeguard the firms reputation, its clients and assets by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations
Apply sound ethical judgment regarding personal behaviour, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency

 Qualifications

At least a bachelors degree  
At least 3-5 years of experience in institutional client onboarding in crypto, at an exchange or a financial institution
Understanding of AML and Sanctions compliance (with ACAMS or a similar industry certification a bonus)
Passion for cryptocurrency and blockchain  
Comfortable working in a global corporate structure
Strong team player with good interpersonal skills and ability to effectively interact with cross functional teams 
Highly organized with excellent attention to detail, motivated and able to work with minimal supervision
Ability to multi-task and execute with a sense of urgency and with ultimate goal of delivering on time
Excellent command of spoken and written English 

Our Benefits and Perks

Competitive pay and transparent pay bands
Flexible work environment

Unlimited vacation with a minimum required PTO of 10 days annually.
Celebrate your national holidays, in addition to floating holidays, to honor what matters to you, not HQ.

Full benefits (benefits vary by country)

We offer the highest benefits package offered by our Employment of Record partners; insurance carriers and plans vary by country

Generous technology and learning allowances

3500 first-year budget to spend on your computer, peripherals, office essentials...whatever makes you most efficient and comfortable. Youll then receive a 2000 refresh every 2 years.
1000 budget to spend on learning and development materials, courses or conferences.


Paradigm is an equal opportunity employer.
