At Paradigm, we are changing the future of finance! By joining us at this early stage, youll be building cutting-edge, distributed financial service infrastructure that will reshape financial services across CeFi and DeFi markets. 
About Paradigm

Paradigm is a zero-fee, institutional liquidity network for derivatives traders across CeFi and DeFi. 
We provide unified access to multi-asset, multi-protocol liquidity on demand without compromising on execution preferences, costs, and immediacy. 
Weve built the largest network of institutional counterparties in crypto, with over 1000 institutional clients trading over 10 B per month.
We are a diverse, global team led by our organizational principles and united by our mission to bring on-demand liquidity for traders, anytime and anywhere, without compromises. We also strive to ship faster than anyone else in the industry!
We are backed by the best traders and investors in the space, including Jump Capital, Genesis Trading, Dragonfly Capital, QCP Capital, Optiver US, IMC, GSR Markets, Akuna Capital, Fidelity Digital Assets CMT Digital, Goldentree Asset Management, Amber Group, OK Group, Bybit Fintech, and CoinShares.
 
 
The Role
 
We are seeking a Principal Product Manager to join our Product team and play a pivotal role in the research, design, and development of new products and features for our leading Crypto Derivatives Trading Network. This is an exciting opportunity to work with our founding team on solving some of the hardest problems in Institutional Crypto Finance.
 

Responsibilities

Drive product strategy, prioritization, and development through the full product life cycle.
Oversee product adoption, marketing, and support for our API and Mobile application.
Work closely with institutional clients, demonstrating a keen interest in Crypto and Finance.
Investigate complex challenges, analyze data, and develop creative solutions.
Lead engineering discussions and make technology decisions related to product strategy and features.

Requirements

8 years of technical product management, program management, or engineering experience.
5 years of experience with end-to-end product delivery as Product ManagerOwner in Agile Setup.
Bachelors degree in Business, Computer Science, or related field.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Strong persuasion skills and ability to create buy-in for a bold vision.
Analytical aptitude and data-driven problem-solving abilities.
Ability to handle multiple contending priorities in an energizing environment.
Proficient in SQLPython for data-driven decision-making.
Familiarity with Crypto trading andor derivatives.

Nice to have

Experience working with APIs and managing API integrations with customerspartners.
Experience working in early or mid-stage startups.
Experience with rapid prototyping of new productsfeatures.

If you are a results-driven, analytical thinker with a passion for Crypto and Finance, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity to make a significant impact on our growing company.

Our Benefits and Perks

Competitive pay and transparent pay bands
Flexible work environment

Unlimited vacation with a minimum required PTO of 10 days annually.
Celebrate your national holidays, in addition to floating holidays, to honor what matters to you, not HQ.

Full benefits (benefits vary by country)

We offer the highest benefits package offered by our Employment of Record partners; insurance carriers and plans vary by country

Generous technology and learning allowances

3500 first-year budget to spend on your computer, peripherals, office essentials...whatever makes you most efficient and comfortable. Youll then receive a 2000 refresh every 2 years.
1000 budget to spend on learning and development materials, courses or conferences.


Paradigm is an equal opportunity employer.
