Parallel Systems is a Series A startup company developing the future of intermodal transportation. Our mission is to decarbonize freight while improving supply chain logistics and safety. We are developing vehicles and software to create new autonomous and electric transportation systems for existing rail infrastructure.
At Parallel Systems, we value the team as much as the mission. We want to work with talented people who are humble, motivated, and persistent. Our most successful team members are self-starters and collaborate with others to reach our collective goals.Join us in Los Angeles for an in-person Finance internship! As an intern, youll have the opportunity to apply your knowledge of finance to real-world problems and gain experience with hands-on applications of finance principles here in Downtown Los Angeles. This internship is an excellent opportunity to work in a fast paced and dynamic environment and work closely with our talented and experienced finance team.
Were looking for interns with strong-work ethic, intellectual curiosity, and interest in financial services!
Responsibilities 

Provide general accounting support, such as reconciling credit card transactions and ensuring appropriate receipts are attached
Assist with accounts receivable management, reviewing vendors and ensuring accounts are in good standing, resolving vendor discrepancies
Assist with AP by reviewing and coding invoices for bill payments and requesting weekly approvals
Provide support to ensure compliance, review company filings
Ad-Hoc Tasks as necessary with relevance to developing accounting skills

Basic Qualifications

Currently enrolled in a full-time program working towards a bachelors or masters in Finance, Economics or related major
Part-time availability, able to work up to 20 hours per week for 12 weeks

Preferred Qualifications 

Strong verbal and written communication skills
Highly motivated and curious with a desire to learn
Proficient in Excel, Fyle

 Please note the national salary range listed in the job posting reflects the new hire salary range across levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be commensurate with the candidates final level. Also, this range represents base salary only and does not include equity or benefits, if applicable.20hour to 27hour20—27 USDParallel Systems is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any discriminatory factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. We work to build an inclusive environment in which all people can come to do their best work.
Parallel Systems is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Parallel Systems will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your recruiter.