Parallel Systems is a Series A startup company developing the future of intermodal transportation. Our mission is to decarbonize freight while improving supply chain logistics and safety. We are developing vehicles and software to create new autonomous and electric transportation systems for existing rail infrastructure.
At Parallel Systems, we value the team as much as the mission. We want to work with talented people who are humble, motivated, and persistent. Our most successful team members are self-starters and collaborate with others to reach our collective goals.Were looking for talented Electrical Engineers to help us architect the vehicle, design components, and test the system. In this role youll be working with fellow engineers and technicians to bringing up new designs in our lab here in Downtown Los Angeles, and run vehicles on our dedicated test track just outside the city. This is an opportunity to engage early with new designs, making a huge impact on the direction of the technology. Ideal candidates would be building on strong first principles and engineering skills and have a desire to expand their responsibilities to own hardware designs.
Responsibilities 

Work closely with multi-disciplinary engineering teams
Derive architecture, meet and present technical direction, build consensus
Execute on all phases of hardware development including requirements capture, prototyping, design validation, and manufacturing readiness
Design system block diagrams, schematics, select components, and layout PCBAs
Conduct worst-case circuit analysis in support of safety critical hardware
Support development of acceptance testing for electronics hardware
Support vehicle integration and validation

Basic Qualifications

BS in Electrical Engineering or similar Engineering discipline
3 years of experience in electronics hardware development or validation

Preferred Qualifications 

5 years of experience in electronics hardware development or validation
Masters Degree in Electrical Engineering or similar Engineering discipline
Contribute to team culture of technical excellence by supporting recruiting efforts, providing engineering mentorship, conducting peer review of technical work, and staying current on state of the industrytechnology
Contribute to Electrical Engineering process definition, standards selection, and tool selection
Execute on all phases of hardware development including product definition, prototyping, design validation, and manufacturing readiness
Design hardware block diagrams, schematics, select components, and layout PCBAs. Conduct worst-case circuit analysis in support of safety critical hardware
Experience in power electronics design including power converters, battery chargers, and motor controllers
Experience with HV systems including battery management systems
Experience analog and digital circuit design

 Please note the national salary range listed in the job posting reflects the new hire salary range across levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be commensurate with the candidates final level. Also, this range represents base salary only and does not include equity or benefits, if applicable.140,000year to 190,000year  equity  benefits140,000—190,000 USDParallel Systems is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any discriminatory factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. We work to build an inclusive environment in which all people can come to do their best work.
Parallel Systems is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Parallel Systems will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your recruiter.