Parallel Systems is a Series A startup company developing the future of intermodal transportation. Our mission is to decarbonize freight while improving supply chain logistics and safety. We are developing vehicles and software to create new autonomous and electric transportation systems for existing rail infrastructure.
At Parallel Systems, we value the team as much as the mission. We want to work with talented people who are humble, motivated, and persistent. Our most successful team members are self-starters and collaborate with others to reach our collective goals.


Join us in Los Angeles in Spring of 2024 for an in-person software internship! You will be assigned a project and a mentor, and interact daily with fellow engineers to write code and design systems to be deployed in the real world.
 
As an intern, youll be working on code to solve various challenges. These include: managing our autonomous fleet, identifying and reacting to hazards on the rail, validating our software stack, simulating the rail environment, planning and routing trains on the network, and much more!
 
We are looking for interns with experience in any of the following: Machine LearningAI, Systems Software, EmbeddedFirmware development, Test and Validation, Networking and Communications, Back-end services, React and web app development
 
Preferred language experience in Rust, CC, or Python.


 
Responsibilities 

Architect and implement fleet management code. Encourage and maintain high standards for robustness and performance
Understand high level technical requirements, develop algorithms and software structures, and validate code in simulation
Design and build applications for real-time fleet operations, telemetry, and metrics
Develop vehicle code to interact with off-board services
Collaborate with autonomy, mapping, and hardware engineers 
Work closely with multi-disciplinary engineering teams. 

Basic Qualifications

Currently enrolled in a full-time program working towards a bachelors, masters or PhD in computer science or a related engineering field
Experience with software development, in Python, C, C, Rust or equivalent system language

Preferred Qualifications 

Experience with distributed systems, such as multi-region cloud infrastructure.
Experience with software development teamwork skills including the use of version control systems (git), project scheduling (Jira or similar), code review
Experience writing robust code for vehicles or autonomous devices
Experience writing high performance, low latency software, such as kernel code, real-time code
Experience with automated testing on pure software and hybrid hardwaresoftware testbeds


 
Please note the national salary range listed in the job posting reflects the new hire salary range across levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be commensurate with the candidates final level. Also, this range represents base salary only and does not include equity or benefits, if applicable.38hour to 48hour38—48 USDParallel Systems is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any discriminatory factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. We work to build an inclusive environment in which all people can come to do their best work.
Parallel Systems is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Parallel Systems will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your recruiter.