At Paradigm, we are changing the future of finance! By joining us at this early stage, youll be building cutting-edge, distributed financial service infrastructure that will reshape financial services across CeFi and DeFi markets. 
About Paradigm

Paradigm is a zero-fee, institutional liquidity network for derivatives traders across CeFi and DeFi. 
We provide unified access to multi-asset, multi-protocol liquidity on demand without compromising on execution preferences, costs, and immediacy. 
Weve built the largest network of institutional counterparties in crypto, with over 1000 institutional clients trading over 10 B per month.
We are a diverse, global team led by our organizational principles and united by our mission to bring on-demand liquidity for traders, anytime and anywhere, without compromises. We also strive to ship faster than anyone else in the industry!
We are backed by the best traders and investors in the space, including Jump Capital, Genesis Trading, Dragonfly Capital, QCP Capital, Optiver US, IMC, GSR Markets, Akuna Capital, Fidelity Digital Assets CMT Digital, Goldentree Asset Management, Amber Group, OK Group, Bybit Fintech, and CoinShares.




The Role
We are looking for an Institutional Sales and Trading Associate who would help us continue to build and grow our presence in LATAM. Ideally, you will already be familiar with the crypto ecosystem in LATAM and are excited to scale Paradigms business, especially in Brazil.
You will be responsible for developing new business and expanding our existing relations across LATAM with a focus on Brazil. You will be the face of Paradigm in the region, helping to localize the firm and its operations in addition to gathering feedback from our clients. Management responsibilities can be included should the right candidate present themselves.
Responsibilities


 Serve as the primary point of contact for new and existing institutional client relationships, pre- and post-onboarding process


Drive client engagement proactively, reaching out to better understand their needs and any changes to their workflow. Update clients on any new Paradigm features or products that would positively impact their business


Facilitate onboarding calls to educate clients and prospects on product featuresworkflows and answer any technical-related questions


Prepare and present reports on client activity to the Paradigm management team


Act as a liaison between the client and other internal teams, including Engineering, Product, QA, and Compliance for any issues, developments and product feedback

Show the highest level of professionalism both internally and externally

Required Skills and Experience


Passionate about crypto  finance with a solid understanding of derivatives and sales  trading workflows including electronic trading - REQUIRED


2 years of working experience on an institutional sales desk with derivatives experience (FX, Fixed Income, Equities, etc) and preferably 1 year of working experience within crypto institutional sales.


Strong network of existing clients and connections within crypto


Fluency in English. Exceptional communication skills to provide coverage and service a wide range of clients via multiple channels of communication (direct chats, video calls, email)


Clear track record of meeting and exceeding revenue goals


Ability to multitask and independently assess issues to provide client resolutions  work with a globally distributed team.


Team player, with strong time management skills and an ability to prioritize key matters.


Eagerness to help clients and assist in their trading workflows on Paradigm.






Our Benefits and Perks

Competitive pay and transparent pay bands
Flexible work environment

Unlimited vacation with a minimum required PTO of 10 days annually.
Celebrate your national holidays, in addition to floating holidays, to honor what matters to you, not HQ.

Full benefits (benefits vary by country)

We offer the highest benefits package offered by our Employment of Record partners; insurance carriers and plans vary by country

Generous technology and learning allowances

3500 first-year budget to spend on your computer, peripherals, office essentials...whatever makes you most efficient and comfortable. Youll then receive a 2000 refresh every 2 years.
1000 budget to spend on learning and development materials, courses or conferences.


Paradigm is an equal opportunity employer.
