Parallel Systems is a Series A startup company developing the future of intermodal transportation. Our mission is to decarbonize freight while improving supply chain logistics and safety. We are developing vehicles and software to create new autonomous and electric transportation systems for existing rail infrastructure.
At Parallel Systems, we value the team as much as the mission. We want to work with talented people who are humble, motivated, and persistent. Our most successful team members are self-starters and collaborate with others to reach our collective goals.

We are looking for an experienced software engineering leader to step into a leadership level role in our Perception team. You will set direction for the group, manage the growth of the team, and work with the VP of Software and other senior leadership to align technical direction with business needs. This is an early stage role and were looking for candidates who are comfortable with uncertainty and resource constraints, and who are excited to build both the organization and the technology.
 
Our ideal candidate has worked for several years in autonomous vehicles at a lead or manager level, and has technical depth in perception as well as a broad understanding of the production AV software stack. You are comfortable driving innovation within a software org- proposing new ideas, working with stakeholders, implementing, and following up to ensure success of the project. Youre excited to work with a small, agile team to bring an autonomous system to production.
 


Responsibilities 

Technical leadership: Set a vision for the direction of the Perception group. Stay up to date on industry trends and MLCV research, introduce new technologies and concepts. Work with other stakeholders within the company to architect and build the best product.
Mentorship: Nurture your team. Participate in technical conversations and meetings, and provide feedback to your technical contributors. Promote from within, and guide your management team.
Management: Work with the VP of Software and other senior leadership to align business and technical goals. Set technical goals and broadcast timelines. Work with the recruiting team to build a capable organization.

Basic Qualifications

BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or related Engineering discipline
Strong software development skills in C, C, Rust or similar systems language
5 years experience writing software for autonomous vehicles
2 years experience leading software engineers writing autonomous vehicle software

Preferred Qualifications 

Senior Engineer Lead Manager level experience at an autonomous vehicle company engaged in real-world testing
Hands-on experience architecting and building perception stacks
Experience with camera parameters and selection, designing image processing pipelines for embedded GPUs, image pre-processing, ML and classical feature extraction, geometric transforms and data reduction
Experience with architecture trade-offs and the design of effective training and validation strategies
Experience with all stages of the development cycle- architecture, implementation, validation, and supporting production software
Experience with software process and supporting regulatory activities
Experience in communicating effectively across multi-disciplinary teams

200,000year to 260,000year  equity  benefitsPlease note the national salary range listed in the job posting reflects the new hire salary range across levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be commensurate with the candidates final level. Also, this range represents base salary only and does not include equity or benefits, if applicable.Parallel Systems is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any discriminatory factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. We work to build an inclusive environment in which all people can come to do their best work.
Parallel Systems is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Parallel Systems will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your recruiter.