Parallel Systems is a Series A startup company developing the future of intermodal transportation. Our mission is to decarbonize freight while improving supply chain logistics and safety. We are developing vehicles and software to create new autonomous and electric transportation systems for existing rail infrastructure.
At Parallel Systems, we value the team as much as the mission. We want to work with talented people who are humble, motivated, and persistent. Our most successful team members are self-starters and collaborate with others to reach our collective goals. 
Join us in sunny Los Angeles for an in-person software internship! You will work daily with talented, motivated engineers to build self driving rail vehicles to decarbonize freight. You will be assigned a project and a mentor, and have the opportunity to build software and systems that directly impact our autonomous vehicle.
At Parallel we value ownership, rigor, and a get-it-done mindset, and give real responsibilities to our interns - this is not your standard internship! In this role you will work closely with senior engineers to design and deploy machine learning infrastructure and tooling for Perception. You will be responsible for building infrastructure that supports a rapid development lifecycle and tooling to support data collection, model evaluation, debugging, validation, deployment, and monitoring of production systems. Youll work hard, learn a lot, and spend time with great people! Preferred language experience in Rust or Python.
 
Responsibilities

Learn about and contribute to implementing large-scale data processing pipelines for images, videos, and other sensor inputs
Interact with hardware and software infrastructure that drives performance improvements of machine learning models
Work on the end to end platform that supports machine learning operations

Basic Qualifications

Currently enrolled in a full-time program working towards a bachelors, masters or PhD in computer science or a related engineering field

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with container orchestration such as Docker, Kubernetes, and Airflow
Experience with cloud computing such as AWS EC2S3RDS
Experience with Python and machine learning frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow
Experience with Rust

 Please note the national salary range listed in the job posting reflects the new hire salary range across levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be commensurate with the candidates final level. Also, this range represents base salary only and does not include equity or benefits, if applicable.38hour to 48hour38—48 USDParallel Systems is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any discriminatory factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. We work to build an inclusive environment in which all people can come to do their best work.
Parallel Systems is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Parallel Systems will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your recruiter.