Job Title: Mental Performance Coach Department: Mental PerformanceReports To: Director of Mental PerformanceLocation: Clearwater, FLStatus: Full-Time Salaried, Exempt
Description: 
The Philadelphia Phillies are adding a full-time Mental Performance Coach (MPC) to their team. The position provides direct mental performance coaching with a primary focus on players at the Extended Spring Training and Rookie level. The Mental Performance Coach would work closely with an integrated staff (medical, SC, dietitian, coaches, life skills) to provide performance support to Phillies players. The Phillies Mental Performance Department values team-oriented individuals who are excited about being part of a mental performance program and open to learning. For this position, all applicants must be conversational in Spanish, and able to relocate to Clearwater, FL. 
ResponsibilitiesSkills: 

Create individualized mental performance plans for players in Extended Spring Training and Rookie Ball (February to August). 
Provide individual mental training to players in Extended Spring Training and Rookie Ball.
Develop and present group workshops to players in Extended Spring Training and Rookie Ball.
Support Extended Spring Training and Rookie Ball coaches and staff on their mental performance.
Provide Mental Performance support to off-season programs (September to January).
Communicate consistently and appropriately with members of the Mental Performance Department, Medical Department, SC, and other parties as needed.
Document in detail the services provided throughout the season.
Assist the Mental Performance Department with the development, implementation, and evaluation of mental performance services for the organization.
Develop trusting and meaningful relationships with players, coaches, staff and fellow MPCs.
Adapt interventions to athletes and coaches of various cultural and ethnic backgrounds.
Must follow and uphold AASP ethical standardsmaintain CMPC.
Must possess the ability to self-reflect and display personal  situational awareness. 
Must be able to work independently, while also consultingcollaboratingsupporting the Mental Performance team.
Must be open to learning and actively seeking growth opportunities. 
Must be open to giving and receiving feedback. Our team requests and receives candid feedback, so desired candidates must be open to giving and receiving feedback on their work as a common practice. 
Must possess strong initiative, as most MPC work will be conducted on an individual basis (working with staff  coaches, working with players, documentation, and creation of workshops)
Additional duties as assigned by the Director of Mental Performance. 

Logistics:

The Mental Performance Coach will be based out of Clearwater, Florida and will start sometime between December 1, 2023 and January 8th, 2024. Relocation assistance will be available to candidates not currently based in the ClearwaterTampa region. 
This job involves both in-season and off-season support to players and staff.
The applicant must be willing to work extended days and hours, including holidays and weekends.

Required Qualifications: 

Completion of Masters or Doctorate degree focused in Applied Mental Performance or related area.
Certified Mental Performance Consultant (CMPC) through the Association of Applied Sport Psychology, or ability to obtain CMPC within a year of hire. 
Evidence of past experience working with athletesperformers in an applied setting.
Conversational in Spanish and willingness to work towards fluency in Spanish. 
Preference for baseballsoftball experience and knowledge.

Application Instructions:
For those interested in applying, please submit the following items via the application link

Cover Letter
ResumeCV
Three Professional References (please avoid academic references if possible)

The Phillies is an Equal Opportunity Employer