Job Title: Mental Health Counselor or PsychologistDepartment: Mental HealthLocation: Clearwater, FLReports to: Director, Mental HealthStatus: Open to Full-Time or Part-Time
Description: 
The Phillies are seeking a full-time bilingual (Spanish and English speaking) Mental Health Counselor or Psychologist to provide mental health services and programming for our athletes and staff. This position will serve as the main mental health counselor and mental health support for players and staff located in Clearwater, FL and provide consultative clinical support for players and staff at the Dominican Republic league. The Counselor may also provide consultations to immediate family members of players and staff. The Mental Health Counselor will be based in Clearwater, FL throughout the year with frequent travel during the regular season, and fall and winter programs. Under the supervision of the Mental Health Director, the Mental Health Counselor will help to foster an environment focused on overall mental well-being with treatments spanning the spectrum of psychological care. In addition to psychological care, our Mental Health Department works alongside our Mental Performance Department to provide our players and coaches a full spectrum of care. This individual will provide educational workshops and training to our staff and players and network with community mental health providers.  
Responsibilities: 

Provides in-person and virtual mental health assessments, counseling, psychotherapy, and group programs using evidence-based approaches for players, staff, and immediate family.
Conducts mental health screenings and provide follow up assessment and support as needed, 
Is the go-to mental health provider for players and staff in Clearwater FL, while also providing mental health support and clinical services to players and staff of other affiliates as designated by the Mental Health Director.
Provides crisis intervention and emergency services on-site and through an on-call system for athletes and staff. 
Conducts psychological evaluations including administrationinterpretation of assessment instruments 
Documents, reports, and maintains confidential records and information in an electronic health record in compliance with all applicable laws and professional ethical standards
Collaborates with medical staff, coaches, staff and community providers.
Manages referrals to ensure comprehensive and coordinated care of athletes and staff
Develops and disseminates educational materials 
Conducts outreach and workshops about mental health, well-being, substance misuse, stress management, and other topics related to psychology
Participates in professional conferences and conventions at the local, regional, and national levels to ensure The Phillies standards are adapting with the latest trends and research in the mental health industry

Required Qualifications: 

Spanish-speaking, bilingual (English and Spanish)
Minimum of Masters level degree in Counseling Psychology or Mental Health Counseling or similar mental health professional degree such as Social Work or Couples and Family Therapy including licensure specific to their designated professional. Candidates with a Doctoral degree in Counseling, Clinical Psychology or Sports Psychology from an APA accredited program with a valid licensure as a Psychologist are encouraged to apply.
Expertise with skills-based approaches including but not limited to CBT, DBT, ACT, and mindfulness-based approaches. 
Ability to triage and provide appropriate referrals to other community behavioral health providers and services including crisis triage and hospitalization
Any successful candidate not currently licensed in the State of Florida and Commonwealth of Pennsylvania must be eligible for a reciprocity license and will be required to apply for licensure upon commencement of the role. 
Experience working with a multi-cultural athlete and staff population, including working with and building referral networks for Spanish speaking and English Language Learning populations
Adhere to the code of ethics of their profession (i.e. APA, AASP, NASW)

Preferred Qualifications: 

Expertise in couples and family therapy
Certification in EMDR
Previous experience working in an interdisciplinary high-performance sport or related environment
Relevant experience with Mental Performance training for high-performing athletes, or demonstrated cross-functional experience working with a Mental Performance staff
Mental Health First Aid Instructor Certification

 
The Phillies are proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and are committed to growing a workforce diverse in perspective and background. We proudly strive to build a group of employees who represent the fans and communities we currently, and aim to, serve.