Title: Lead  Senior Machine Learning EngineerDepartment: Baseball Research  Development Reports to: Assistant Director, Software EngineeringStatus: Regular Full-TimeLocation: Philadelphia, PA or Remote
Position Overview:
The work of a Machine Learning Engineer at the Phillies extends well beyond merely coding. Our ideal engineers will have a versatile skill set, be enthusiastic to handle new challenges, and demonstrate leadership qualities. You will be expected to use your technical expertise in ML and MLOps to identify, design, and create software solutions that impact decision-making for Phillies Baseball Operations and shape the evolution of the Phillies baseball analytics systems.
As part of our team, you will collaborate with our ML researchers to validate and automate trained prediction models to production with low latency and at scale. You will work closely with our Quantitative Analysts and Data Engineers to maintain and enhance our database and data pipelines that feed our predictive models, reports, and dashboards as well as power our internal applications. You will also be responsible for designing, testing, and maintaining cloud-based quantitative modeling at scale.
Specific areas of focus may include, but are not limited to, ball and player tracking data (Statcast), time-series biomechanical data, player biographical and contract data, and internally created datasets.
Responsibilities:


Develop, schedule, monitor, and maintain model training and prediction workflows


Deploy REST APIs on top of fitted models


Collaborate with backend engineers to design, implement, and maintain real-time data pipelines that serve as the foundation of analysis for decision makers


Collaborate with a cross functional team spanning data science, product management, and engineering to build new technologies and features


Maintain and promote best practices for software development, including deployment process, documentation and coding standards


Required Qualifications:


Minimum 3 years experience implementing machine-learning algorithms in production workflows


Fluency with Python and familiarity with machine learning frameworks (e.g. PyTorch or TensorFlow)


Experience working with data pipelines, real-time systems, and distributed computing (e.g. Google Cloud Dataflow, Apache Beam  Spark)


Experience with cloud infrastructure and data warehousing (e.g. Google Cloud Platform, Snowflake)


Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills paired with the ability to develop creative and efficient solutions


Proven leadership and self-direction


Preferred Qualifications:


BS, Masters, PhD degree, or other further education in engineering, computer science or other technical related fields or equivalent practical experience


Experience working with spatiotemporal data, particularly player tracking and biomechanical data


Experience with managing machine learning workflows, using MLflow or similar tools


Exposure to event-driven systems, patterns and best practices and experience working with data streaming (e.g. Kafka, Redpanda)


Interested applicants should submit both their resume and an answer to the following question:What is your favorite programming language to use and why do you like it? (There is no right or wrong language; were interested in how you think critically about the tools you use)
 
The Phillies is an Equal Opportunity Employer
 