Job Title: Manager, Minor League Video  TechnologyDepartment: Baseball DevelopmentReports To: Director, Baseball Development
Position Overview:As the Manager, Minor League Video  Technology, you will oversee and shape the direction of Phillies Video  Technology operations. You will work cross-departmentally within Research and Information (Baseball Development, Research  Development and Integrative Baseball Performance) along with Player Development in order to develop personnel and maintain the highest standard of video and data quality for all players, coaches, scouts, analysts and front office staff.
Responsibilities:

Recruit, hire, and train Video  Technology Assistants, Video  Technology Associates and Data Operators. Manage offer letters, onboarding, and inputting of hours for all positions. 
Work closely with RI leadership to foster the development of department personnel, creating learning opportunities and clear pathways for future employment in the industry. 
Oversee daily video, technology and data processes across all minor league affiliates and the complexes (Clearwater and Dominican), including video and data capture, video upload and report production.
Oversee on-field tracking processes, including in-game operations, hardware troubleshooting and data output. Serve as a liaison between the Phillies and relevant vendors about all operations-related matters throughout the season and offseason.
Oversee Video  Technology operations at the Clearwater Player Development Complex during pre-season and off-season rehab  minicamps, while assisting seasonal staff on-site throughout Spring Training, Extended Spring Training and the Florida Complex League (FCL).
Coordinate and execute minor league video trades with other organizations.
Work with Baseball Development and Video  Technology leadership to plan each years capital and operational budgets, accounting for evolving staffing and equipment needs.
Troubleshoot technical  video-related issues across all minor league affiliates as they present themselves, working with IT staff and local contractors in order to maintain and upgrade fully-functioning affiliate video operations.
Travel to all affiliates and the DR academy throughout the season to check in on personnel.
Along with other Baseball Development personnel, facilitate daily and weekly advance scouting processes across all minor league affiliates.
Assist amateur and international scouting staff with video  data collection as needed.
Provide regular reports to the Director, Baseball Development and other Baseball Development and Research  Information personnel in Philadelphia.

Required Qualifications:

Bachelors Degree
Previous experience working in professional andor college baseball, specifically in Video  Technology, Research  Development andor Player Development
Previous experience working with and ability to teach operation of baseball technology, including but not limited to Trackman (Stadium  B1 Mobile), Edgertronic cameras, BLAST sensors, HitTrax, Rapsodo (Hitting, Pitching, and V3), Hawkeye, Kinatrax and Trajekt
Previous experience working with and ability to teach operation of BATS video software, including pre-season charting set up as well as pre-game, in-game, and post-game software troubleshooting
Ability to troubleshoot technical issues related to computer hardware, network connections, and camera connections
Previous experience working with computer networks, including but not limited to assigning IP addresses and mapping network drives
Strong attention to detail and organizational skills
Ability to work with and protect highly confidential and sensitive information
Ability to communicate effectively, professionally and respectfully with subordinates, players, coaches, medical  strength staff, and front office personnel across various departments
Must be able to work flexible hours, including nights, weekends, and holidays

Preferred Qualifications:

Previous experience operating Hawkeye software, including 4 and 8 camera setups as well as post-game data output and upload
Previous programming experience (Python, SQL, R, etc.)
Previous experience managing a team of individuals from a variety of personal and professional backgrounds, both on-site and remotely
Previous experience working with computer vision pipelines
Spanish fluency

Physical Demands and Working Conditions:

Must be able to stand and walk in hot conditions for long periods of time

The Phillies are proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and are committed to growing a workforce diverse in perspective and background. We proudly strive to build a group of employees who represent the fans and communities we currently, and aim to, serve.