Job Title:  Athletic Trainer AssociateDepartment: Player DevelopmentLocation(s): Reading, PA, Lakewood, NJ, Clearwater, FL                      - Housing can be provided for non-local candidates
Description:The Philadelphia Phillies are seeking Certified Athletic Trainer Associates for the 2023 season. Beginning February 27th, and completing at the end of the assigned affiliate season or post-season. The affiliates include the Reading Fightin Phils in Reading, PA, Jersey Shore BlueClaws in Lakewood, NJ, Clearwater Threshers in Clearwater, FL, and the Florida Complex League (FCL) in Clearwater, FL. The Associates will be paid at an hourly rate with housing provided for the duration of the term (for non-local candidates) and meal money during travel. Medical and dental insurance are also available to our Athletic Trainer Associates.
Associates will have the opportunity to learn in a fast-paced environment by participating in staff continuing education and formation of integrated player plans focused on injury prevention and performance enhancement. Associates will work under the direct supervision of the Affiliate Athletic Trainer, Minor League MedicalATC Coordinator, Minor League Rehabilitation Coordinator, Major League Head Athletic Trainer, Head Team Physician, and Medical Director.
Responsibilities: 

Learn and assist in providing advanced clinical assessments and rehabilitation programs pre and post-game.
Learn and assist in the development of integrated player programs to aid in injury prevention and improve athletic performance. 
Provide immediate care during field coverage for practice and games both at home and on the road.
Collaborate and communicate with the SC coach and assist in the weight room as needed.
Aid in providing up-to-date medical documentation in MLB EMR system, maintaining standard operating procedures, and other administrative duties.

Required Qualifications: 

NATABOC Certification at time of application
CPRAED Certified
Eligibility for appropriate state licensure as assigned
Applicants are expected to fulfill the duration of the position

Preferred Qualifications: 

Previous collegepro baseball or softball experience
Spanish proficiency
M.S. or other advanced degreestudy 
NSCA Certification
Manual Therapy CoursesCEUs 

 
The Phillies are proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and are committed to growing a workforce diverse in perspective and background. We proudly strive to build a group of employees who represent the fans and communities we currently, and aim to, serve.