About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The Advanced Technologies Group (ATG) is Pinterests advanced machine learning team. The goal of the team is to keep Pinterest at the forefront of machine learning technology across multiple use cases including recommendations, ranking, content understanding, and more. It is an applied team that works horizontally across the company on state of the art AI and ML and works on directly bringing that technology to the product in collaboration with product engineering teams. The team does publish its work in applied research conferences, but the main goal of the team is to have top line metric impact.
The goal of Pinterest is to inspire pinners to live the life they love. The product is powered by state of the art ML algorithms which are used to understand both the billions of visually rich items on the platform and the interests of our 400M monthly active users and recommend inspiring personalized content to them. What this means is that ML at Pinterest is not only multi-modal utilizing image, text, and graph as input, it needs to operate at a very large scale and often in a real time interactive user experience.
Pinterest is known for being a positive and inspirational place on the internet and we believe that inspiration starts with inclusion. The Inclusive AI team at Pinterest is a horizontal team that works across the company on both ML Fairness and user facing features which make our product more inclusive so we can better serve our diverse user base. This includes our launches of groundbreaking features such as user controllable skin tone and hair pattern filters and more recently body type.
We are looking for a Tech Lead Architect who can who can work with the team to drive cross-team engineering efforts in the Inclusive AI  ML Fairness space, work with senior leaders at the company to lead and set our technical strategy in this space, and also communicate and work with external groups regarding this work. Youll have the opportunity to work on various innovative projects of new product experiences, build large-scale low-latency systems and state-of-the-art machine learning models, and deliver great impact to our pinners and business metrics.
What youll do:

Lead projects that involve developing and deploying state of the art ML models in production systems across the company
Collaborate with other engineering teams (infra. user modeling, content understanding) to leverage their platforms and signals and work with them to collaborate on the adoption and evaluation of Inclusive AI and ML Fairness
Mentor junior engineers on the Inclusive AI team and across the company on Inclusive AI  ML Fairness and help them to built that into their workflow
Work with the team and senior leaders at the company to define and drive technical strategy in this area
Communicate externally about this work and with external groups including industry, advocacy, and government bodies regarding this work

What were looking for:

Experience with state of the art ML Fairness techniques
Familiarity with state of the art ML approaches like transformers, self supervised pre-training, generative modeling, LLMs, etc.
Experience with large scale data processing (e.g. Hive, Scalding, Spark, Hadoop, Map-reduce)
Hands-on experience building, deploying, and measuring ML Fairness at a very large scale. Successful candidates in this role need to be able to build bridge state of the art approaches to real world impact
8 years working experience in the engineering teams that build large-scale ML-driven user-facing products
3 years experience leading cross-team engineering efforts
Strong execution skills in project management
Strong communication skills to communicate strategy to senior management and outside of the company, externally
Masters or PhD in Comp Sci or related fields
Understanding of an object-oriented programming language (Java, C, Python) 

Desired skills:

Experience in working on, backend and ML systems for large-scale user-facing products, and have a good understanding of how they all work
Experience in closely collaborating with other engineering teams to ship ML technologies to improve fairness and reduce bias for recommendation, content understanding, and ranking systems at scale

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
LI-SA1
LI-REMOTEAt Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only187,000—385,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.