About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. As a Senior Account Manager youll develop relationships with our brand partners across all levels and support them as they use Pinterest to meet their goals. Youll take the lead on major initiatives and see them through to success.
 
What youll do:

Build, manage, and grow strategic partnerships with large customers and agencies in the French market
Solve partner business challenges by way of critical thinking and teamwork that produces industry leading business plans for large customers
Work with clients and agencies to cross sell and up-sell opportunities that contribute to the teams ability to exceed revenue targets
Track, analyze, and communicate key metrics and business results that improve performance

 
What were looking for:

5 years experience in marketingadvertisingdigital, with specific acumen across search, data and measurement
Established industry relationships and experience working with executive level business and marketing leaders within client organizations
Analytical skills that can translate data from paid, owned, and earned metrics into a performance measurement narrative that scales value for pinners and partners
Excellent presentation, communication, and collaboration skills
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills in English and French

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance. Visit our PinFlex page to learn more about our working model.
 
LI-HYBRID 
LI-PS1Our Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.