About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. What youll do:

Deliver sales targets through new business development  key account management. 
Determine short and long term revenue plans and track progress closely via active pipeline management. 
Undergo client discovery to understand their marketingsales goals. 
Building out and pitching tailored Pinterest strategies to meet your client(s) needs. 
Manage existing and develop new relationships with customers and media agencies in person and virtually.
Represent Pinterest with a high level of integrity and knowledge, acting as an advisor to your clients and their media agencies. 
Strong internal collaboration skills working with internal support teams such as measurement, creative strategy to deliver against client needsgoals. 

What were looking for:

8 years experience in salesdigitalsocial. 
Understanding of ad platforms such as Pinterest Ads Manager or similar. 
Experience working closely with brands and agencies.
Experience working within Media  Entertainment or Financial Services will be beneficial, but not essential.
Demonstrated ability to consistently meetsurpass sales targets and generate revenues.
Strong analyticalinsights abilities.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, strong attention to detail, and good follow-through.
Ability to interact with a broad set of businesses and presenting both over the phone and in person.

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-JC11LI-HYBRID Our Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.