About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The Enterprise Data Platform team is looking for a Senior Data Engineer who has experience with Building a Data Platform on top of a Cloud Data Warehouse. You will be working closely with privacy and security teams to improve security and privacy of Data in Snowflake. In this role you will also advise other Data Analysts and Data Engineers from the Business teams at Pinterest on the best practices for handling data and deriving insights using Snowflake. You will gradually become the Subject Matter Expert on Snowflake and also help build out the Modern Data Stack at Pinterest.
What youll do:

Build Scripts in Python to Implement privacy and security requirements on Snowflake
Build Airflow operators in python to ingest data and trigger transformations on Snowflake
Define and advocate the best practices for storing and analyzing data inside Snowflake
Become a Subject Matter Expert and advocate for Enterprise Data Platform

What were looking for:

Strong skills in Python and SQL
Experience with Building scripts in python for managing Data Warehouse
Experience with any Cloud Data Warehouse either as an Administrator or a Developer
Experience working on privacy and security requirements of a Cloud Data Warehouse

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
LI-REMOTE
LI-AJ2At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only114,750—236,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.