About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The Measurement Partner team for Brazil is focused on supporting the ads measurement needs of our sellers and advertisers. As a Measurement Partner, you will help a variety of Advertisers to understand user behaviors on Pinterest and measure the effectiveness of their advertising on Pinterest. Youll design and execute empirical research that will include both analyses for individual clients and to inform the industry as a whole. Your work will also influence Pinterests internal measurement product and ad product roadmap. 
What youll do:

Help sellers articulate the Pinterest value proposition and handle objections using knowledge of measurement and analytics
Establish a relevant learning agenda with the most strategic clients
Design experimentstests and deliver studies with 1st party or 3rd party solutions that analyze advertising effectiveness on Pinterest and the relative impact of different tactics 
Work closely with our client teams to deliver data-driven recommendations for future campaigns
Communicate complex results back to non-technical client audience and influence client measurement thinking and media buying decisions
Provide feedback to the Product teams in order to assess opportunities for new features or new partnerships and to improve the existing measurement solutions
Contribute to conducting webinars, writing whitepapers, building thought leadership pieces related to measurement 

What were looking for:

Experience in Ads Measurement, Digital Marketing and Adtech
Understanding of various measurement methodologies (attribution modeling, brand lift, conversion lift, econometry...etc.)
Experience manipulating complex datasets to identify patterns and turn them into learnings
Experience in client-facing roles involving technical and business stakeholders
Fluent in  English
Strong interpersonal skills 
EntrepreneurBuilder mindset
Team player able to collaborate with other functions such as product teams, marketing and PR

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-HYBRID 
LI-MP3Our Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.