About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Were looking for an experienced product lead to head our Inclusive Product team. This is a senior individual contributor role, responsible for groundbreaking work that is redefining what representation means online. By pairing inclusive, equitable AI with intuitive user experiences, the Inclusive Product team ensures that the entire user journey on Pinterest is diverse by default. Youll drive a cross-functional team building industry-leading full stack solutions like our recently-launched body type technology. Inclusivity is core to our company mission  values, and this role is highly visible - both internally and externally. Were looking for a strategic leader who is passionate about making sure that every Pinner feels seen  empowered to bring their unique vision to life on Pinterest.
 
What youll do:

Drive product strategy and cross-functional execution for Inclusive Product at Pinterest, leading a distributed cross-functional team that includes frontend  backend engineering, design, marketing, comms, legal, data science  research partners
Deliver delightful user experiences and innovative AI solutions that directly impact company goals and set the industry bar
Serve as a thought leader, drawing on your deep understanding of user needs, business goals  the broader landscape
Collaborate across teams to ensure that everything we build is diverse by default  drive tradeoff and prioritization decisions
Represent Inclusive Product to internal  external stakeholders, including execs, press, regulators  partner organizations
Mentor other product managers and help grow the capacity of your team and the broader Discovery organization 

What were looking for:

Demonstrated track record in a leadership role building inclusive, responsible personalized recommendation experiences 
Experience driving full stack solutions that marry user experience and AIML, working across multiple functions  teams
Excellent communication skills  the ability to be a strong senior spokesperson internally  externally
Analogous experience owning a space that is highly visible and closely tied to company values  public perception 
Ability to move quickly and drive principled tradeoff and prioritization decisions based on Pinner needs  business outcomes
Capable of delivering results as a Sr. IC, relying on strategic leadership  operational rigor more than direct reporting lines

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-REMOTE
LI-REXAt Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only174,071—358,072 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.