About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The ML Data team enables rapid development of ML features and trainingevaluation datasets at scale. We support hundreds of ML engineers and dozens of applications across Pinterest, including recommendations, ads, visual search, growthnotifications, trust and safety as well as content and user understanding.
The team provides:

A centralized feature store that manages and distributes ML features across batch, streaming and real time applications.
Trainingevaluation dataset store responsible for managing petabyte scale training  evaluation datasets.
Large scale data processing solutions and libraries for feature backfilling and last mile data processing.

The team utilizes many open-source projects including Spark, Parquet, Flink, Ray, Iceberg, Airflow, Finagle and Thrift, as well as systems built in-house to support large scale requirements. 
What youll do:

Lead the technical strategy and development of large-scale machine learning data management systems over 12 months horizon. 
Work with internal customers, ML engineers and data scientists to solve development velocity pain points in the ML data domain, and unlock innovations.
Proactively identify and address technical dependencies by collaborating with internal partner teams as well as the open-source community. 
Provide technical leadership and mentorship to engineers in the ML Data team.

What were looking for:

Deep expertise in big-data processing, storage and serving technologies (e.g. Spark, Parquet, Flink, Ray, Finagle)
Strong empathy for our customers. Someone who finds joy from helping our customers solve their problems. 
Strong communication skills, both verbal and written. Somebody who can share knowledge and vision within the ML Data team, as well as cross functionally. 
Coder: A strong software engineer who can lead and mentor through their own code and design choices.

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
LI-REMOTE
LI-AH2At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only135,150—278,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.