About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The Performance Technical Solutions team provides specialized, technical implementation support for Pinterest products that help accelerate the performance marketing space. Our team consists of analytical minds who enjoy solving complex strategic, operational and technical challenges for the worlds largest commerce players. As a Performance Solutions Partner I, you will partner with our Sales teams and be responsible for leveraging ad products to help customers achieve their business goals and package solutions to solve their lower funnel marketing related technical challenges. Youll also build robust processes, systems, tools and documentation these products can be serviced. As a glue between sales and productengineering, you will be the catalyst for revenue by helping package technical solutions for sales and accelerate the feedback loop for productengineering. 
 
What youll do:

Be the primary day-to-day technical contact for sales to help activate lower funnel campaigns (ex. eCommerce, performance focused). Provide prompt, professional consultative support and service to ensure a high level of customer satisfaction. 
Ensure activation and adoption of various lower funnel ad products and advocate new product features and assist clients in the adoption of new products via upgrades and migrations to help them build long-term success.
Use data to propose and encourage new campaign structures for the sales team andor clients to utilize Pinterest as a performance platform.
Provide documentation and technical guidance to ensure the technical success of clients integrations.
Collaborate with internal and external technical and developer teams to drive communication, prioritization, analysis, and resolution of customer challenges and issues.  
Provide on-going feedback to help improve current processes and designdevelop tools and workflows to increase team productivityefficiency.

 
What were looking for:
Minimum qualifications:

Bachelors degree or equivalent practical experience.
2 years of both client facing and hands-on experience in digital advertising with responsibilities in ad tech, ad ops, andor campaign management.
Experience with tagging and tracking QA and support, and working with HTML, CSS, or JavaScript.
Ability to work with eCommerce data feeds.
Experience in interpreting SQL queries for data analysis.
Knowledge of online advertising, web analytics, and e-commerce.
Strong analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills.
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment with internal and external stakeholders.
Excellent presentation and communication skills. 
Ability to manage multiple projects concurrently.

Preferred qualifications:

3 years of client facing and hands-on experience in digital advertising with responsibilities in ad tech, ad ops, andor campaign management in SEM andor social advertising. 
Experience in API implementation and troubleshooting (ex. Conversion API).
Expert knowledge of web analytics and e-commerce strategies to drive retail business (but not excluding other priority verticals as defined by the market).
Advanced analytical skills, experience executing SQL queries and utilizing Tableau dashboards.
Ability to adapt your message to the technical level of an audience and comfortably present technical materials to groups of any size and background.

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-REMOTE
LI-AS5At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only68,850—142,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.