About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Pinterest is looking for a Sr Manager of Product Design for our Design System, Gestalt. As the Sr Manager, you will lead a group of outstanding design systems problem-solvers and drive one of the most well-respected design systems in the world! Youll partner with leaders from design, product and engineering to build high-quality experiences at scale across platforms. Youll partner with product design teams to facilitate adoption of and the evolution of the design system. You will partner and plan with design and engineering teams to extend Gestalt with our business and consumer facing properties.
 
Were looking for a cross-functional, cross-organizational team player who thrives on building teams that bias for action while designing meaningful products with a high-quality bar. Youll partner across Design, Research, Content Design, Product Management, Engineering, Product Marketing and Brand to design systems solutions to enable design at scale and ultimately support Pinners to do things they love.
 
What youll do:

Build, develop and inspire a team of systems-focused Product Designers to continually elevate the design direction and product quality
Foster collaborative relationships with cross functional partners and executives across the company, while effectively speaking to process, goals and team vision as an outspoken representative of design
Collaborate across product areas to advocate for the Gestalt Design system, exploring new product opportunities, promoting standards, and integrating feedback and changes into the design system as appropriate
Provide a strong system design perspective, crafting scalable models which improve the quality and set the future direction
Influence product strategy and enable your team to create elegant designs that solve complex problems


What were looking for:


8 years in Product Design (or equivalent) and 3 years experience building and growing multi-disciplinary design teams and with digital products especially building design systems for native app platforms
High design craft and experience in multiple design fields (UX, UI, design systems, prototyping) and prior work demonstrating a strong design process, clear insights, and problem solving
Proven ability to work closely with your cross-functional partners to paint a long-term vision, develop a path to get there, and iterate in the short-term to meet long-term goals
Strong ability to accelerate team efficiency by improving processes and workflows within the design and cross-functional teams
Proven track record of being able to balance ambiguity, fast iterative sprints, business awareness, technology, organizational agility, research and data insights, and high design quality

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-REMOTE
LI-AJ2At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only174,071—358,072 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.