About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Pinterest is seeking a Staff Product Designer with a passion for crafting visually refined, consistent and intuitive patterns and experiences. Youll work with the Gestalt design system team to evolve UI of the .
You have a knack for visual details as much as holistic systems thinking. Youre a problem solver, and your designs reflect your ability to advocate for the user. Youre passionate about our mission, raising the quality bar, and making the basics great.
What youll do:

Design, document, deliver design specifications to build and maintain the Pinterests design system Gestalt
Be a subject matter expert in design and accessibility best practices to support Design and Engineering partners
Drive design refinements to the Gestalt UI via your deep visual design and Figma library skillsets
Design strategic and tactical solutions to complex Pinner problems in close partnership with design and engineering
Collaborate with and manage feedback from stakeholders across the company
Partner with engineering throughout implementation
Uphold and inspire a high level of design execution throughout the team
Help grow the people on your team through coaching and mentorship
Be the voice of the Pinner to improve the overall product experience quality

What were looking for:

Proven track record envisioning, building, and iterating on digital products in close partnership with product management and engineering
Strong portfolio that demonstrates outstanding design skills (visual design strength a plus) and product thinking informed by qualitative and quantitative insights
Great communication skills with the ability to clearly articulate your design decisions and the problems theyre solving
Attention to detail and a sense of pride and ownership over the quality of the product
Solid understanding of layout, typography, color, and other graphic design principles
Ability to work within and extend a design system
Team player with strong collaboration skills and ability bring cross-functional partners along in the journey
High level of self-awareness with a growth mindset

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
LI-REMOTE
LI-BL5At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only148,049—304,496 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.