About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. We are looking for a passionate talented Android Engineer to help us build the application that allows them to find something inspiring every time they open the app. You will specialize in building elegant product features with cutting-edge technology.
What youll do:
 

Build product features to make Pinterest homefeed useful, fast and easy to use
Knit across teams by collaborating with Product managers and designers and other functions to build a holistic experience thats right for all Pinners
Prototype new experiences for pinners to drive key metrics
Contribute to and lead each step of the product development process, from ideation to implementation to release; from rapidly prototyping, running AB tests, to architecting and building solutions that can scale to support millions of users
Analyze and visualize data to drive product insights and to inform our decisions
Contribute best-in-class programming skills to develop highly innovative consumer-facing mobile products

What were looking for:
 

Deep understanding of Android development and best practices in Java or Kotlin
Knowledge on multi-threading, logging, memory management, caching and builds on Android
Expertise in developing and debugging across a diverse service stack including storage and data solutions
Demonstrated track record of improving software quality with stable releases
Experience on platform teamsinitiatives, driving technology adoption across feature teams
Keeps up to date with new technologies to understand what should be incorporated 
Strong collaboration and communication skills

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance and candidates that apply should be based and legally authorized to work in Mexico.
LI-REMOTE
LI-MMOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.