About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. As a Lead Product Marketing Manager for our Programmatic Ads solutions, you will play a pivotal role in driving the success of our programmatic ad products through strategic planning, market analysis, and effective go-to-market strategies. You will partner closely with product leadership to set the vision, strategy, and roadmap for programmatic ads solutions and ensure future investment in solutions are positioned effectively and successfully in the market. 
 
What youll do:

Shape our product direction through market analysis, research and close collaboration with our Product, Engineering, and Design teams
Assess the capabilities and value proposition of our programmatic ad products through strategic, qualitative, and quantitative analysis
Serve as an advocate and represent the voice of customers; ensure broad awareness of and empathy for customer pain points internally
Drive cross-functional alignment throughout the go-to-market process, tracking success metrics accordingly
Define the messaging, positioning, and launch plan for new advertising products
Use data and insights to drive adoption of strategic priorities and influence our overall monetization strategy and growth initiatives 
Educate and inspire internal and external teams on Pinterests solutions for advertisers and partners alike 
Develop market understanding to build business requirements for new products
This is a highly cross-functional role that requires close partnership across Product, Engineering, Business Development, as well as Sales, Marketing, Communications, PR and Legal

What were looking for:

8 years of total experience in advertising with 3 in product marketing at a fast growing tech company
Experience in online brand and performance advertising with a deep understanding of the advertising landscape; subject matter expertise of programmatic advertising such as DSPs, Ad Exchanges, RMNs, etc desired 
Sharp eye for detail and proven project management and operational skills
Keen ability to translate complexity into simple, clear communication and approach
A passion for Pinterest!

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
 
LI-REMOTE
LI-REXAt Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only135,150—278,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.