About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Are you passionate about employee experience and designing impactful solutions for employees? Come join the IT Employee Experience team at Pinterest where we have the responsibility for creating the future of our employee experience.











What youll do:

Inspire and partner with cross-functional teams to build People Technology solutions and lead digital transformation by example
Collaboratively draft and define experiences for our people, solving problems and meeting employees needs across the employee lifecycle
Expertise in translating business needs into customer desired outcomes and features
Look across the enterprise to assess downstream impacts and create an integrated experience for our people
Build relationships, influence, and lead various cross-functional business gain alignment to deliver amazing products
Work closely with our HR COE Partners to create employee experiences leveraging process, technology, or enablement that drive execution and adoption while providing continuous feedback to the stakeholders on product effectiveness
Partner across IT teams to drive agile mindset and practice shift, developing and executing against the tech roadmap, grooming and prioritizing the product backlog, sprint planning and UAT

What were looking for:

Minimum 5 years product management experience in HR, Talent, employee experience, (customer service-related projects would be a plus)
Proven ability to thrive in ambiguous environments, break down ambiguity into patterns and create operational rigor
Excellent communication, problem solving, creative solutions, active listening  time management
Experience with solutions involving Workday, Payroll, Talent Management, chatbots
Ability to communicate to a wide spectrum of cross-functional team members, including technical and business resources and influence
Executive presence including ability to lead and influence without direct authority
Proven ability to build collaborative relationships at all levels and ensuring teams create a collaborative culture
Proven self-starter with demonstrated problem solving and organizational skills
Bachelors or advanced degree in a relevant field such as human computer interaction, computer science, marketing, business or related field or equivalent work experience

 












 

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-AJ2
LI-REMOTEAt Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only135,150—278,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.