About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Note to Applicants:This role is not one for which the Company has approved visa sponsorship.  However, the Company does not discriminate on the basis of citizenship status, provided that an employee is legally authorized to work in the United States at the time of commencement of employment.
What youll do:

Take ownership over the completion and quality of your tasks and project while incorporating guidance from your mentor, manager, and peers
Execute scoped technical tasks end-to-end to help build the future of Pinterest
Deliver code that is well-documented, tested, and operable
Communicate new ideas and opinions with candor as you grow both professionally and personally through learning and development opportunities
Contribute programming skills to develop highly innovative consumer-facing mobile products

What were looking for:

Pursuing a Computer Science degree (or related field)
2-3 years of CS classes under your belt (Intro to CS and Algorithms, Advanced Algorithms, Operating Systems and Data Structures are all great!)
Aptitude for Java or Kotlin for Android engineers or Objective-C or Swift for iOS engineers
Experience with Android or iOS frameworks are a plus
Non-academic coding experience is a plus (i.e. hack-a-thons, code challenges, personal projects, GitHub, Open Source, volunteer coding experience, conference participation, etc.)
A curious nature with a desire to tackle and solve complex problems

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-REMOTE
LI-FILS
At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.
US based applicants only
The minimum and maximum salary for this position is 7,500 - 10,000 monthly.Our Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.