About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The Continuous Integration Platform team develops  deploys tools, services,  infrastructure that aim to provide a paved path and practices in order to make developing in Pinterests polyglot (Python, Java, C, Go) environment fun, rewarding  sustainable. Our vision is to build a platform that inspires developers to do their best work, and our mission is to provide a fast and safe path from prototype to production without worrying about the underlying infrastructure. We believe in contributing to open source work and collaboration as much as possible. 
What youll do:

Contribute code to build tools and infrastructure and partner with internal customers to identify common solutions for all of engineering
Uplevel operational cadence  strategy in helping drive functional and reliability improvements for the platform
Provide build  integration pipeline support, artifact packagingpublishing,  testing pipeline support leveraging bazel as the common build toolchain
Participate in on call activities supporting engineering questions against the platform
Contribute to and lead each step of the product development process, from ideation to implementation to release; from rapidly prototyping, running AB tests, to architecting and building solutions that can scale to support all of engineering
Represent the customer and suggest new projects and features to improve the developer experience
Design, develop, and operate large scale, distributed systems and networks

What were looking for:

Experience building CI infrastructure leveraging cloud platforms, experience with AWS a plus 
Experience with building  operating large scale distributed systems, having a good understanding of CI tools  testing frameworks
Be customer focused and is expected to partner with an infrastructure product manager  engprod leadership team in defining product strategy and outcomes
Strong collaboration and communication skills
Experience building  operating large scale distributed systems andor networks. Bonus points if you enjoy deploying and operating large scale workloads on a public cloud footprint

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-HYBRID 
LI-MF1Our Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.