About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The Finance Operations and Analytics team sits at the intersection of our core data engineering teams, Finance, and Business Operations teams to enable high impact business analytics. As a member, youll focus on implementing scalable systems and processes that provide metrics visibility for our senior leaders, enable business analysts to generate insights, and power our mission-critical reporting as a public company.
The successful candidate will have experience working with enterprise data warehouses, be passionate about empowering people to make data driven decisions, and be excited to liberate data through fast scalable datasets. Additionally, you will also be the product owner, project manager and technical lead for your data area. 
What youll do:

Define productproject requirements with business stakeholders and establish effective project governance structure to make progress on your initiatives
Build scalable data assets (dashboards, underlying data models, and workflows) to unlock reliable and high velocity decision support that our customers provide to the rest of Pinterest
Enable  educate business analysts on best practices for leveraging new data assets that you create
Collaborate with both central technical teams and business stakeholders on both roadmap planning and project execution, bridging the gap between business problem and technical solution
Bring engineering rigor to various analytics initiatives by building scalable solutions and following SDLC best practices
Navigate bottlenecks, scales for efficiency, and optimizes for clarity for the team; proactively unblocks roadblocks on cross-functional coordination and org alignment issues Defines project scope for complex issues

What were looking for:

Hands-on experience in principled data warehouse design, data visualization and data pipeline design and development
7 years of hands-on experience with data platforms (Hadoop, Hive, Presto, Spark and Snowflake ) and with data visualization (Tableau) technologies
Expert-level proficiency in writing complex, highly-optimized SQL queries across large datasets
Working knowledge of Airflow and associated python data libraries (Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, etc.)

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-RR2
LI-REMOTEAt Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only135,150—278,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.