About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. As the home of inspiration for over 400 million people, creativity is key to achieving success on Pinterest, and our Global Creative Strategy team is an essential partner to sellers and advertisers. As a key department within the Global Sales Organization, we are looking for an LATAM-based Sr. Brand  Creative Solutions Partner to help us localize, launch and lead our suite of current and new Brand-building programs. These programs will help advertisers drive upper-funnel success by maximizing reach, launching new products, aligning to a moment or creating high-impact executions to boost awareness and drive excitement. The work will flex your skills around business acumen, brand building principles, strategic insights and knowledge of our ad product.
 
What youll do:

Builds, manages and develops brand-building scaled and bespoke programs and packages for LATAM markets based on market needs
Works with vendors and teammates in our LATAM offices specifically, but collaborates globally
Work collaboratively with key cross-functional team members, across Creators, Sales, Legal Marketing, Engineering, Product, Measurement, Insights and Business Development
Understands the challenges and successful techniques for building brands; can marry that knowledge with the Pinterest value to develop programs that drive upper funnel success
Strategic understanding of the big picture when developing creative programs to inform execution and properly manage sales and partner expectations. 
Build narratives and support collateral for new and existing programs based on an insight, Pinterest value and unique brand opportunity
Effectively package the narratives to give sellers something easy to pitch and sell-through
Train Global Sales Organization on program and is a consultant, throughout the lifecycle of the program
Establish effective feedback look to track metrics around the program and optimize for continued success and further growth year-over-year
Strong communicator with acute attention to detail, able to manage multiple projects simultaneously at different milestones
Ability and awareness to take US programs and custom fit them to LATAM markets

What were looking for: 

Experience navigating  successful collaboration within complicated internal structures. 
Experience working with external brands (including senior-level), agencies, and vendors.
Consistent and timely communication is expected.
Familiarity with LATAM market nuances
Can speakunderstand English, Portuguese andor Spanish (intermediate)
Innovative thinker who is always seeking new ways to deepen the Pinner experience while also providing turnkey creative solutions to our brand partners.
Ability to command a room of senior-level brand and agency representatives
A passion for, and experience influencing, visually-led, business-driving creative work
Ability to give and receive actionable feedback
An entrepreneurial mindset thats equally strong in the ideation phase as the execution
A thought leader in digital marketing
Significant years of digital marketing experience with agency, platform or brand

 
This is a Fixed Term position in So Paulo (12 Month Contract).
 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-HYBRID 
MP3Our Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.