About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Were looking for a full-stack engineer to join our Ads Engineering team. You will be joining a team responsible for several critical surfaces that guide the user to advertise on Pinterest. The ideal candidate should have a technical background and is willing to learn new technologies and methodologies and have a passion for product quality and building systems to ship high quality releases.
What youll do:

Build impactful features within Pinterests Ads Manager that reach thousands of advertisers
Work with Design, Product, Engineering, and other XFN stakeholders to launch features from conception
Participate in Scrum team meetings reporting overall progress and flagging blockers
Help collaborate and design new product experiments that could potentially be build by the team
Use data to drive decisions and define success

What were looking for:

Deep understanding of Web and API development and best practices 
Strong technical background and understanding of at least one programming language. PythonJavascript preferred
Knowledge on cpu usage, logging, memory management, caching and builds on WebAPI
Expertise in developing and debugging across a diverse service stack including storage and data solutions
Demonstrated track record of improving software quality with stable deploys
Experience on platform teamsinitiatives, driving technology adoption across feature teams
Keeps up to date with new technologies to understand what should be incorporated 
Strong collaboration and communication skills

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance and candidates that apply should be based and legally authorized to work in Mexico.
LI-REMOTE
LI-MMOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.