About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. At Pinterest, we want everyone to be their authentic selves. We aim to provide choices and experiences that are best for our employees careers and lives. We want to be a company people love working for, with benefits programs that stand out in the market, address real-world needs, and put emotional wellbeing at the forefront. Were looking for a benefits professional to join our small and mighty global team in a fixed term capacity (17 month—backfill for parental leave) to manage benefits for our employees in Canada, Brazil, and Mexico. 
 
What youll do:

Partner with local benefits consultants and HR to understand employee needs, local benefits market practices and trends 
Support employee questions related to benefits in Canada and LATAM
Manage annual renewals for healthcare and disability benefits including contracting
Manage time off and benefits enrollment system(s)
Administer healthcare and pension plans including file creation and liaison with Payroll
Administer leave of absence including policy creation
Make recommendations for updatedimproved benefit programs

 
What were looking for:

Over 5 years of directly related experience in international benefits, leave, and pension plan administration
Effective experience interacting with and influencing all levels of an organization
Proven capability in managing large projects, including communications and change management
Experience with Workday and a strong understanding of benefit enrollment systems workflow. Familiarity with Google Suite: Gmail, Sheets, Doc, and Slides. Strong expertise in quantitative analysis in Sheets or Excel
Ability to drive improvements and continuously simplify processes with compliance in mind

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-HYBRID 
LI-MF1Our Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.