About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. As the Sr Payroll Administrator, Systems and Tax, youll work on various projects supporting the US and International payroll operations teams.  Youll own data and metric reporting, tax notice resolution and support system enhancements and compliance projects.  Were looking for a payroll expert who is well-versed with payroll tax and compliance requirements and a team player who can help build and scale our processes. 
 
What youll do:

Support and project manage global payroll projects and initiatives, including MA, vendor RFPs, system enhancements and testing, integration of Workday and third-party systems and process improvements
Gather and analyze payroll operations data and metrics and report to management
Resolve tax notices and perform root cause analysis 
Assist with review and execution of tax compliance changes (countrystatelocal) 
Manage withholding and unemployment tax registrations
Be the subject matter expert related to payroll and employee mobilityrelocation taxation 
Assist with end-of-quarter and end-of-year payroll reconciliations and procedures for US and international payroll teams
Have a solid understanding of payroll processes and act as backup for payroll administrators on US and International payroll teams 
Create education materials for employees and business partners (wikis, calendars, FAQs)
Provide timely customer service to key business partners

 
What were looking for:

7 years of payroll experience, including US multi-state and international payrolls
A motivated self-starter who can learn new systems and processes quickly and independently
Experience project managing multiple projects with varying timelines and stakeholders
Curious-minded and resourceful in identifying root causes and solutions 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experience using Workday, ADP SmartCompliance  Oracle a plus
BS degree or equivalent experience in Accounting, Business, Finance or Human Resources

 
 This position is not eligible for relocation assistance. Visit our PinFlex page to learn more about our working model.
 
LI-REMOTE 
LI-CK1At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only89,250—184,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.