About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Were looking for a Creator Growth Specialist  to join our Content team for APAC (focus on India and Indonesia). The right individual will be a motivated self-starter who will focus on content growth through scaled acquisition as well as running programs to identify, grow, engage and educate creators. 
What youll do :
Growth strategy

Leverage tools and interpret data to identify high potential creators.
Run scaled programs (mostly emailCRM, and our in-product channels) to engage and educate on-platform Creator across APAC (focus on India and Indonesia).
Support the local Creator Growth team in the current day-to-day business and in project management.
Run educational campaigns and programs.

Data Analysis

Measure the impact and performances of the actions conducted by the Growth team.
Carry out ad-hoc analyzes on the use of the Pinterest platform in order to drive recommendations.
Set up automated reports  dashboards to facilitate access to key performance indicators for all of our teams.

Scaling newexisting platforms

Understand platform infrastructure and how to translate business needs into technical requirements.
Represent these to technical stakeholders like product or platform teams.

What were looking for :

2 years experience in growthdataanalytics roles.
Knowledge of SQL is a huge plus.
Excellent analytical skills, experience manipulating large data sets to tell a compelling story and the ability to quickly familiarize yourself with changing subject areas. Experience with ab testing and data modeling is a plus.
A team player, able to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment with technical and non-technical teams.
Go mentality and are eager to try new things. 
Experience with scaled channels (e.g. CRM channels, paid channels, social media campaigns) is a plus.

 
This is a 12-month fixed term contract position.
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-JC11LI-HYBRIDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.