About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Pinterests advertising business is critical to its success, and our ads measurement strategy is an essential component of this: understanding how Pinterest adds value to advertisers, how we convey this value, and how we differentiate the efficacy of different ad products. We are looking for a highly technical data science and analytics manager who is passionate about influencing Pinterests monetization strategy and solving crucial measurement challenges to lead and grow a team of talented data scientists and product analysts who share this objective.
 
What youll do:

Build, inspire and grow a high performance team of data scientists and managers that are thought partners to Ads Measurement.
Strong business acumen with a deep understanding of key business metrics and the ability to leverage data insights to drive growth and achieve tangible business outcomes.
Work with product and eng partners help identify and answer important why questions. Lead the team to structure ambiguous business challenges into actionable plans. Ensure that your team is producing consistently trustworthy and high-quality technical outputs that influence the business. Drive data-driven decision-making aligned with the organizations strategic objectives.
Communicate complex analytical findings and insights to both technical and non-technical stakeholders in a clear and concise manner.
Be a champion for building highly talented and diverse teams with an inclusive culture.

What were looking for:

MS or PhD in a quantitative field or equivalent experience.
Experience in managing teams of data scientist, data engineer, and analytics, fostering a culture of innovation, collaboration, and continuous improvement.
Hands on experience as a data scientist, algorithmic engineer, or machine learning engineer in a technology company.
Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem. 
Effective written and verbal communication skills.
Experience with hypothesis driven product development. 
Experience being a thought partner to improve decision quality and able to influence with expertise.
Specific experience in Go-to-Market of advertising products, such as new ads formats, shopping integration.

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-HYBRID
LI-NM4At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only174,175—304,496 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.