About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Within the Ads Quality team, we try to connect the dots between the aspirations of Pinners and the products offered by our partners. In this role, you will be responsible for developing and executing a vision for the evolution of the machine learning technology stack within Ads Ranking. You will work on tackling new challenges in machine learning and deep learning to advance the statistical models that power the ads engagement and delivery that bring together pinners and partners in this unique marketplace.
What youll do:

Be responsible for the development of state-of-the-art applied machine learning projects for ads ranking 
Design features and build large-scale machine learning models to improve user ads onsite engagement prediction
Develop new techniques for inferring user interests from online activity
Mine text, visual, user signals to better understand user intention
Work with product and sales teams to design and implement new ad products
Mentor and grow junior ML engineers in ads quality and partner teams and help to uplevel ML talent across the company

What were looking for:

Degree in Computer Science, Statistics or related field
7 years of industry experience building production machine learning systems at scale, data mining, search, recommendations, andor natural language processing
3 years of experience leading projectsteams
Strong mathematical skills with knowledge of statistical methods
Cross-functional collaborator and strong communicator
Background in computational advertising is preferred, but not required
Deep practical knowledge of large scale recommender systems, or ads deliver funnels
Experience in privacy preserving machine learning techniques is a big plus

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
LI-HYBRID
LI-SM4At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only222,000—327,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.