About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Pinterest is the place where people can unlock their dreams  Discovering who they are, what they can do, and manifesting their dreams through discovering new ideas and bringing them together in new, creative ways, unique to them. As the Principal Designer, reporting directly to the VP of Design, youll be responsible for helping to drive a vision for both how the Pinterest product looks and feels overall, but also ideating and designing new ideas that enable Pinners to create a life they love. Were looking to recruit an experienced and passionate talent to join us in our mission. You possess the skills to create holistic products and know how to plan launching delightful experiences that people will love. You probably revel in best-in-class storytelling, brand, and marketing strategies as part of the DNA of a good product. Join us in building amazing new ways that inspire the world to make their ideas a reality.
This role is open to remote. The working hours of this position are around the U.S. west coast time zone with the majority of the team being in San Francisco. With the large scope of this role, travel to San Francisco will be required with frequency depending on the project.
What youll do:

Establish the strategic direction and product vision for our most complex problems, including the future of our overall product look and feel, bridging the gap between vision and execution
Be at the forefront of major design initiatives and broadcast the efforts of the design team across Pinterest
Set and refine the design quality bar, in partnership with design leadership, through our principles and design system
Be responsible for mentoring and helping grow talent within the team
Represent Pinterest Design within the global design community, attending and speaking at conferences

What were looking for:

A leader who prefers to lead by doing. You cant resist the urge to practice your craft by rolling up your sleeves and work alongside your team to unlock creativity
A respected designer and product thinker that has mastered their craft and cohesive product strategy, ideally a renaissance person with endless curiosity
A mentor who is energized by growing others careers and knows how to motivate a team
An inspiring communicator that represents creative work, builds trust and influences alignment of our creative vision across marketing, PR and product
A believer in our mission of bringing everyone the inspiration to create a life they love
12 years with a track record of shipping inspiring well built experiences

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
LI-REMOTE
LI-AJ2At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only187,000—385,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.