About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The Site Reliability Engineering organization at Pinterest is accountable for ensuring overall Pinterest availability as well as enhancing Engineering teams capability to design, build and operate robust systems at scale. Pinterests applications and infrastructure that handle billions of monthly page views and petabytes of data as Pinterest continues to grow and scale. As a Pinterest SRE, you will design and build systems, platforms, tools, frameworks and methodologies to assure the reliability of our large-scale distributed systems.
 
What Youll Do:

Develop software solutions to enable reliability and operability of large scale distributed systems handling petabytes of data and serving 
Build a deep understanding of how Pinterests systems behave, scale, interact and fail, and use that insight to identity risks and opportunities for remediation
Build tools and automation to eliminate toil and reduce operational overhead. Create frameworks, processes and best practices to be used across Pinterest Engineering
Build meaningful, insightful and actionable SLIs
Automate critical portions of Pinterests engineering processes, to minimize risk and maximize the speed of innovation
Manage capacity and performance to help scale our infrastructure both on public and private clouds around the world

 
What Were Looking For:

Strong knowledge of LinuxUnixBSD internals and experience working with open source software (e.g. MySQL, Hadoop, Envoy, HAProxy, Nginx)
Experience with technologies such as ElasticSearch, ZooKeeper, HBase, Hadoop, Memcache and Kafka with a focus on reliability, automation, operability and performance
2 years of experience with programming languages (Python, Java, Ruby, etc.)
Infrastructure as code a plus (e.g. Terraform, Puppet, Chef, Ansible, Salt, Fabric, Docker, etc)
Bonus points if experienced with deploying web apps to cloud infrastructure (AWS, etc.) and working with distributed, service-oriented architecture 

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-REMOTE
LI-JE2At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only106,113—258,470 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.