About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Senior Software Engineer, Internal Tool Platform
The Internal Tool Platform at Pinterest is responsible for enhancing the developer experience and ensuring the quality of internal tooling development. Our team maintains internal frameworks and vendor solutions that enable developers to create internal tools focusing on business logic without the need to worry about general setup related to traffic, authentication, CICD, and testing. You will have a significant impact on the developer velocity of hundreds of engineers across different organizations, ultimately improving the internal tool user experiences for all employees at Pinterest.
What youll do

Enhance our developer platform to accelerate internal tool development for hundreds of engineers.
Standardize internal tooling development to adhere to best practices in infrastructure and security.
Contribute to the Internal Tool Platform vision and strategy and drive the execution by collaborating with customers and partners. 
Identify and resolve bottlenecks in internal tool development processes.
Improve the maintainability, scalability, and observability of the internal tool monorepo to enable our developers to leverage the latest cutting-edge technologies.
Collaborate with cross functional partners to tackle challenging internal tool projects.
Mentor team members and participate actively in design and code reviews, team processes and architectural decisions.

What were looking for:

5 years of experience in Web Infra development, particularly with frameworks such as Node.jsNext.jsReact and server-side rendering techniques. 
Expertise with Node.js monorepos and package management solutions such as NPMYarnPNPM.
Solid experience with Typescript and Python.
Worked with CICD systems such as Docker, K8s, Jenkins or Spinnaker.
Strong problem solver and innovator in the domain of Web infrastructure. 
Passion for the Web and hands-on experience in building many internal tools.

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
 LI-REMOTE
LI-AG8At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only147,800—258,470 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.