About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. As a Finance Manager on the Operations GA Finance team, you will work with our corporate functions and finance leaders to monitor business health, identify underlying trends and make strategic business decisions. In this role, you will have full oversight into the OPEX forecasting  planning process at Pinterest, as well as the remit to manage  optimize the full book of investments within the Business Organization. This is a critical role that sits at the center of how Pinterest executes on its strategy. You will work closely with multiple teams across Pinterest (CFO Org, Investor Relations, Corporate Finance) as well as key executives (CFO, CHRO, CLO) to help drive clarity in our business performance and manage our revenue  investments to ensure we are delivering on key strategic  financial objectives. This role will have 2 direct reports and report into the Director, Strategic Finance. 
 
What youll do:

Lead the end-to-end delivery of our core OPEX forecasting  consolidation workstreams
Work in partnership with the Business Organization to optimize the allocation of resources across the Business Organization
Own the delivery of all monthly  quarterly financial reporting to Pinterest executives (e.g. CFO, CHRO, CLO, etc.)  
Create dashboards to scale monitoring of key performance indicators and tools to drive business growth
Leverage superior financial modeling skills in order to deliver bespoke analyses for top-line growth  margin expansion initiatives

 
What were looking for:

6 years of experience in corporate finance, banking, consulting or a related quantitative field
Experience partnering with C-level executives
Experience with GABusiness Organization budgeting and forecasting
Exceptional spreadsheet skills with experience creating financial dashboards and models
Excellent communication and presentation skills (Google Slides)

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-REMOTE
LI-CK1At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only141,950—292,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.