About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. As a Machine Learning Engineer at Pinterest, youll work on tackling new challenges in machine learning and artificial intelligence. We are building the worlds first discovery engine, serving up millions of recommendations to an incredibly loyal user base. At the same time, our teams are building one of the fastest growing online ad platforms, and our success depends on mining rich user interest data that helps us connect users with highly relevant advertisers. In this role, you can join a team in any of the following areas: image recognition, user modeling, recommender systems, natural language processing, and big data analytics. As you kickstart your career at Pinterest, youll help us maneuver through crazy growth and insane scale while pinpointing tomorrows engineering challenges.
What youll do:

Contribute to cutting-edge research in machine learning and artificial intelligence that can be applied to Pinterest problems
Collect, analyze, and synthesize findings from data and build intelligent data-driven model
Write clean, efficient, and sustainable code
Use machine learning, natural language processing, and graph analysis to solve modeling and ranking problems across discovery, ads and search
Design, build, and test models to predict engagement for notifications (push, emails, in-app notifications)
Build content recommendation systems to power our push, email, and in-app notifications
Work on state-of-the-art large-scale applied machine learning projects
Scope and independently solve moderately complex problems

What were looking for:

 Masters in Computer Science, ML, NLP, Statistics, Information Sciences or related field required
 Machine Learning (ranking, computer vision, NLP, content recommendations, embedding, information retrieval etc all ok)
Experience with big data technologies (e.g., HadoopSpark) and scalable realtime systems that process stream data
 Mastery of at least one systems languages (Java, C, Python) or one ML framework (Tensorflow, Pytorch, MLFlow)
Strong communicator and team player. Being able to find solutions for open-ended problems
Must graduate between December 2023 and September 2024

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-REMOTE
LI-EB1At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only124,300—166,800 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.