About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. What youll do:

People management: overseeing a team of two individual contributors 
Commercial: Ensuring performance and management of the UK commercial programs and relevant global commercial programs
Global holding companies:  Managing two global holding companies to drive revenue growth, ensuring clear communication of agency priorities and initiatives to local markets, delivering QBRs to global holding company leadership and ensuring collating of local agency challenges up to global agency leadership
Product: Understand Pinterest products deeply and be able to address product limitations that agencies bring up. Make sure feedback is shared back to Pinterest central product functions
Scaled education: Ability to collaborate with sales  XFN to pull together education sessions to begin driving comprehension of Pinterest at agencies. Providing leadership and oversight to manage budgets across bespoke agency engagement across the UK

What were looking for:

Being able to lead by example; experience and expertise in people management
Strong core values and emotional intelligence that align to the needs of the team and external stakeholders
Strong communication skills and analytical capabilities, managing quotas a plus
Strong ability to set strategy for pod that can be measured and executed against quarterly, leading to achievement of quota 
Entrepreneurial in nature and unafraid to ideate, test, measure impact and learn from their work
Possesses strong customer focus and can represent a product insights, needs and feedback to right XFN teams at Pinterest
Holds self and team accountable to drive incremental revenue  UK market activation, originating from a global partnership at the account level, with the agency relationship acting as an accelerant
Is indispensable to Sales for all agencyUK account needs in their market with close planning and alignment with local teams 
Can consult on best scalable strategies and tactics for ICs on team to execute
Grows key senior level relationships and maintainturn them into Pinterest advocates

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-HYBRID 
LI-SL2Our Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.