About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. 
 
The Presence team is at the forefront of building infrastructural and user-facing product solutions for Pinterest boards and profiles. Joining the team, you will work closely with a skilled, cross-functional group of innovative and passionate individuals, collaborating on projects related to Pin-boards visibility, discovery and evaluation. You will be one of the Backend Engineers on the Presence team. You will have to solve issues of different levels of complexity, often acting under conditions of uncertainty. Youll be working on tasks that will directly reach hundreds of millions of Pinterest users.
 

What youll do:

Impact  Mission. Join a small team that works to implement a wide range of techniques to deliver value for Pinners and Creators. 
Fast iterations. Prototype through fast iteration to explore various opportunities for all of Pinterests global Pinners and Creators.
Collaboration. Integrate with many other internal engineering teams across Pinterest to support the end-to-end user journeys. Work in dynamic and diverse environments alongside engineering (closely with iOSAndroid teams), products and designers. Evangelization across engineering to implement and adopt best practices to simplify our codebase and promote growth.
Ownership. Take ownership of product quality and release processes to deliver high quality user experiences.
Feature Development. Work across all parts of the stack and be flexible working with different technologies. 
Pinterest Boards and Profiles. To bring the maximum contribution by developing features that improve and enrich the value of boards and user profiles.

What were looking for:

5 years of engineering experience (preferably in consumer products).
Proficiency in common backend tech stacks for RESTful API, storage, caching and data processing.
Strong command of SQL-like query languages to be used for processing data and automated workflows.
Expertise with Python programming.
Experience with scoping, planning, leading team level projects end-to-end.
Self-driven and openness to learn quickly, explore, flexibility without being afraid to dig deep.
Strong communication skills and great product intuition.


 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-HYBRID
LI-JD1
Our Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.