About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The Infrastructure Security team is seeking an experienced Infrastructure Security Engineer to help keep our million users safe from real world threats. You will build large-scale, distributed security solutions to improve our overall security posture. We are looking for a candidate with a passion for security and innovation, who will research and develop new solutions to protect our users.
What youll do:

Design, implement, and maintain mission-critical software that will help us meet our ambitious security, scalability and reliability goals
Interface with other partner teams, and take a leadership role in driving our security strategy
Conduct design and code reviews
Interact directly with the security community regarding vulnerabilities and threats
Code using primarily one of these languages: Golang, Python, Java

What were looking for:

5 years of experience in Infrastructure Security covering network, data, systems and public cloud environments
A strong command of Java, Python, or Golang
Enthusiasm for the constant fight to ensure security and privacy
Understanding of large scale AWS security and multi account architecture
Meaningful experience in some of the following areas:

Infrastructure provisioning tools (Terraform, Puppet, Chef, etc.)
Operating System internals (Linux strongly preferred) 
AWS, GCP or other public cloud infrastructure
Authentication, authorization and directory protocols
Networking protocols


This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
LI-REMOTE
LI-JE2At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only114,750—236,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.