About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. What youll do:

Lead a team of Growth Managers across the US, Canada, Brazil and Mexico to grow content and engagement, in order to fuel the Pinterest ecosystem in North and Latin America
Drive full lifecycle strategy across acquisition, activation and retention initiatives to onboard, educate and engage content producers on Pinterest
Partner with global counterparts and cross-functional partners (including but not limited to Product, Biz Ops, Marketing) to align content acquisition solutions and programs globally

What were looking for:

8 years of experience in a product marketing, digital marketing, growth or product role
Experience driving omnichannel growth strategy across the customer lifecycle, including acquisition, activation, retention and resurrection
Experience leading and managing teams across multiple geosregions 
Stakeholder management and influence; Experience partnering with a variety of stakeholders across sales, partnerships, marketing, operations and customer success to ensure holistic alignment of plans. Experience partnering with technical stakeholders (Product, Engineering) to build platforms or technical features is a plus
Deep analytical and measurement experience; experience with SQL, web analytics platforms and AB testing; demonstrated ability to use data to weave a narrative to inform strategic decisions
Strong communication skills; experience creating compelling narratives and influencing senior level  cross-functional stakeholders

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-REMOTE 
LI-JB2At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only141,950—292,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.