About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The Content Growth team is responsible for the growth of content from small and medium content producers. As Senior Content Growth Data Specialist, you will shape the future of the Content Growth org, driving analyses and insights to build a thriving ecosystem of small and medium creators on Pinterest. You will combine your analytical skills with key business context to drive data-driven recommendations that help us sustainably and scalably grow fresh, relevant and engaging content from small and medium content producers. Youll democratize content ecosystem data by designing dashboards that provide insight into key business drivers, trends and operating metrics.
 
What youll do:

Develop forward-thinking, data-driven recommendations for Content leaders to shape growth strategy and investment decisions. Analyze content producer ecosystem and identify opportunities for segmentation and optimization. 
Drive business analyses end-to-end, from hypothesis generation, data collection and analysis to recommendation formulation.
Bring scientific rigor and statistical methods to the opportunities for scaling and optimizing the content producer ecosystem.
Democratize access to key business drivers, trends and operating metrics. Build dashboards and querybooks that enable the team to visualize and evaluate key business, channel and program metrics.
Develop planning and forecast models for Content Growth to inform forecasting, goal-setting and planning.

 
What were looking for:

4 years of experience within Analytics or Data Science, working with data to identify trends and make recommendations.
Strong data analytics and business intelligence skills - querying large data sets with advanced SQL, building visualizations with Tableau or similar platforms.
Strong communication skills; experience creating compelling narratives and influencing senior level  cross-functional stakeholders with data.
Experience with experimentation and statistical rigor; ability to guide the team on statistically valid approaches to hypothesis validation.
Passion for building new solutions and enabling analysis at scale to drive decision-making.
Experience in a complex, fast-paced environment.

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-JC11LI-HYBRIDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.