About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Were looking for a data science intern to help build and scale Pinterests approach to experimentation so we can accelerate innovation on our product. Youll apply quantitative analysis, statistical techniques and data mining skills to understand the limitations of running hundreds of simultaneous experiments, help us draw reliable insights with a fraction of the data, enable us to simplify the interpretation of experiments, and scale the number of experiments we run at Pinterest.
What youll do:

Dive into the code base on your very first day
Work on high impact projects and help build the future of Pinterest
Collaborate with engineers across our organization to build new features from scratch
Continually grow both professionally and personally through various learning and development opportunities

What were looking for:

Currently pursuing a degree in a quantitative field
Preferred candidates are pursuing advanced degrees in statistics, math, economics, applied sciences, or computer science
Experience using Python or R; SQL a plus
Excellent communication skills and the ability to tell a complete narrative using data to a variety of audiences
Ability to connect data analysis to real business problems, in order to impact business performance

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-REMOTE
LI-EB1
At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.
US based applicants only
The minimum and maximum salary for this position is 10,000 - 11,000 monthly.Our Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.