About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Within the Ads Quality team, we try to connect the dots between the aspirations of pinners and the products offered by our partners. The ideal candidate is a strong Economist that understands market design concepts and has the engineering skills to bring them to market. We are looking for an economist who can work side by side with other engineers, to advance the efficiency of the Pinterest Marketplace.
In this role, you will be responsible for developing and executing a vision for the evolution of the Pinterest marketplace. You will design and implement systems that improve the ads delivery funnel, experiments that shape the utility function, auction mechanism design, ad allocation and for deriving new insights through analysis of the marketplace dynamics. In short, this is a unique position, where youll get the freedom to work to bring together pinners and partners in this unique marketplace.
What youll do:

Develop statistical models and systems aimed at improving the marketplace design and operations to maximize value for the Pinners, Partners and Pinterest. This includes engineering solutions for tuning marketplace parameters in the utility function, optimizing ad diversity and ad load across the Pinterest product, auction implementation as well as modeling long-term marketplace effects to minimize ad blindness and maximize advertiser satisfaction.
Build and improve backend systems and statistical models that underlay the marketplace to maximize value for Pinners, Partners and Pinterest.
Define and implement experiments to understand long term Marketplace effects.
Develop strategies to balance long and short term business objectives.
Drive multi-functional collaboration with peers and partners across the company to improve knowledge of marketplace design and operations.

What were looking for:

MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Statistics or related field.
8 years of industry experience and 2 years of experience leading projectsteams.
Strong software engineering and mathematical skills with knowledge of statistical methods.
Hands-on experience with large-scale online e-commerce systems is a plus.
Background in computational advertising is preferred, but not required.

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-HYBRID
LI-SM4At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only158,950—327,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.