About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. We are looking for a Principal Machine Learning Engineer, a senior technical visionary, to be the Principle Trust Technical Lead for the Trust Engineering team setting up overall technical strategy, unified technical architecture and defining a roadmap for industry leading methodology. Strong hands on machine learning background including deep learning architectures, low-resource ML (zero shot, few shot), responsible AI and large scale deployment and measurement is required. Trust and Safety background is highly recommended even though for the right candidate, this can be waived.
As the Principle Trust Tech Lead youll be responsible for the technical direction, strategy and health of our Trust Engineering org.  Youll ensure that our technology can deliver on the businessproduct requirements necessary to keep Pinterest safe.  This means working with other leads to set and execute a long-term strategy for Trust, aligning the strategy with other clients where it makes sense and communicating to leadership our current status and path to having world-class Trust capabilities.  Youll also foster a healthy community where all Trust engineers can learn best practices, collaborate effectively and understand our technical direction. 
What youll do:

Develop strong partnerships with product teams to understand and proactively address future technology needs and current developer pain points
Champion and drive large-scale, cross-functional initiatives that improve the trust and safety of our platform
Act as the ultimate customer representative for engineers on Trust including representing needs to leadership and prioritizing projects on the platform teams that ensure high quality capabilities and a world-class Pinner experience
Scale your leadership through both direct mentorship and via best practices, processes, training and tools
Ensure solid technical plans are in place for projects within Trust via direct review or delegation
Be the technical point of contact for decisions that impact the whole Pinterest platform and for cross-functional partners like policy, operations and legal 

What were looking for:

Deep expertise building large scale ML systems at scale with modern frameworks 
Knowledge of (and a passion for) current trends and best practices in Trust and Safety
Track record of delivering large, cross-functional projects across multiple organizations
Track record for being a champion of Trust and Safety on social media
Strong written and verbal communication skills and proven ability to collaborate cross-functionally

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
LI-REMOTE
LI-NB1At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only187,000—385,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.