About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The Content team at Pinterest is seeking a Sr. Staff Product Manager to build the first auto-crawl product to super size the supply of fresh content on platform. In this role, you will be the driver of an executive initiative, working across Product, Engineering, Data Science, and Operations to automatically identify highly engaging content sources, create high-quality, representative Pins, and drive Shopping success on Pinterest. As the owner of this 0  1 initiative, you will be accountable for articulating the long-term vision, spanning across orgs and disciplines to achieve shorter-term milestones, and representing the workstream across senior leaders at Pinterest. Come join the team thats at the heart of bringing the best of the web to Pinners, enriching their lives and making their dreams a reality!
 
What youll do:

Lead product vision, strategy, and execution for automated content acquisition products at Pinterest, understanding diverse Pinner needs to acquire the content that matches our wide breadth of audiences and business objectives, empowering Pinners to get more information about, take action on, and refine they ideas they find.
Collaborate across product teams to drive alignment and resolve dependencies, creating a unified vision for where content experiences are headed at Pinterest and how teams come together to create those experiences.
Partner closely with a wide range of disciplines including engineering, data science, quantitative research, marketing, legal, and operations to define, measure, and drive execution.
Mentor and build capability in your peer product managers within Content.

 
What were looking for:

Demonstrated success in product management or related experience at fast-growing companies.
Previous experience or exposure to crawling  extraction technology and Operations teams. Experience in partnering with machine learning, content distribution, or understanding teams is a plus.
Proven ability to lead in ambiguous environments, aligning across functions, teams, and orgs to deliver on time in a highly collaborative environment.
Strong analytical skills to define product strategy and drive decision making, making appropriate trade-offs based on data analysis and qualitative feedback from Pinners.

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-REMOTELI-REXAt Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only158,950—327,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.