About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. We are looking for an International Payroll Manager to manage the Pinterest International Payroll team of two for a 12-month fixed contract. Be part of a building team and work closely with cross-functional business partners as you execute on payroll goals and commitments.  
 
What youll do:

Ensure timely execution of payroll deliverables and payments for 15 entities across EMEA, APAC and LATAM
Audit and approve payroll registers, validate accuracy and completion of data prior to transmission 
Manage a team of two and support execution of payroll goals and projects, including system enhancements, process documentation and process improvements
Point of contact for cross-functional inquiries and requests and support escalated employee inquiries 
Ensure payroll SLAs are consistently met 

What were looking for:

7years of international payroll experience processing payroll in multiple countries, preferably across EMEA and LATAM
Knowledge of payroll reporting requirements, year-end processes and taxation as it related to benefits and equity compensation 
Experience managing a team is desirable
Experience managing projects, scaling internal infrastructure, including systems and processes 
Exceptional organisational skills, ability to juggle multiple responsibilities with various deadlines and deliver accurate results
Experience with Workday, Google Suite, Microsoft Office and outsourced payroll vendors
Bachelor degree or equivalent experience in Accounting, Business, Finance or Human Resources

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance. Visit our PinFlex page to learn more about our working model
 
LI-HYBRID 
LI-AKEOOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.