About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The Trust  Safety team is dedicated to ensuring that all Pinners have a safe experience on Pinterest. This includes tackling challenging adversarial problems at scale, detecting policy-violating content, and ensuring Pinterest is legally-compliant. Were looking for an analyst to analyze data and create strong signals and strategies to minimize abuse on the platform. This is a high-visibility role that touches almost every product area at Pinterest.
 
What youll do:

Protect users on Pinterest from bad actors and problematic trends
Analyze intelligence sources to scope problems and identify monitoring strategies
Prototype proactive detection and monitoring solutions
Partner closely with Product Managers, Engineers, Policy and Operations to devise and execute on new strategies for combating abuse on Pinterest
Make actionable recommendations to Product, Policy, Operations, and Engineering to improve Pinterests Trust  Safety ecosystem
Standardize and automate workflows to scale existing processes

What were looking for:

2 years of experience working with  analyzing data
Technical background or relevant work experience in Trust  Safety, Fraud, Spam, Investigations, or Cyber
Proficiency in SQL and at least one programming language (Python or R)
Basic knowledge of machine learning lifecycle and experience with implementing or improving machine learning models
Ability to communicate complex concepts clearly to cross-functional stakeholders

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-NM4 
LI-REMOTEAt Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only96,900—200,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.