About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Pinterest Technical Program Managers deliver critical  strategic outcomes by directing and scaling engineering effort across organizational and functional boundaries.
This role is within the Monetization org, which is responsible for the Pinterest ads ecosystem. You will be driving development of new solutions, scaling of existing solutions, solving complex engineering problems, and driving ambiguous programs from inception to launch. Example programs: building new ad products, launching  optimizing ads in international markets, driving new integrations, building AI driven tools, simplifying advertiser interfaces,  building bigger machine learning models to scale our advertising needs.
What youll do:

Proactively identify and drive key strategic explorations
Translate strategic ideas into execution plans, and be accountable to drive them to completion
Drive complex technical decisions across multiple teams 
Execute at both breadth and depth. At breadth by understanding the big picture, and at depth by being comfortable driving nitty gritty details with multiple teams
Be a thought leader to your XFN stakeholders by influencing product roadmap during the annual  quarterly planning 
Work cross functionally with engineering, product, design, data analytics, Sales, Business Development, Research, and product marketing to turn ambiguous opportunities into actionable outcomes
Define new processes from ground up to streamline collaboration between stakeholders
Influence teams and build relationships with key stakeholders across disciplines and organizations
Build effective and transparent communication channels to adaptively communicate schedules, priorities, status and risk to various functional stakeholders at all levels of the company 

What were looking for:

7 years of experience as a technical program manager, or related experience
Entrepreneurial spirit with strong leadership, who can develop and lead a new initiative from the ground up and thrive in ambiguity
Passion for execution, and getting things done
Solid technical background and ability to quickly understand technical designs, challenges and risks. Experience breaking down complex problems and driving decision making
Strong analytical abilities, able to create  monitor metrics, proactively identify growth opportunities  incidents
Strong written, verbal communication skills and comfort in communicating nuanced, and often technical, concepts to internal stakeholders or external partners 
Ability to influence teams  drive alignment among multiple stakeholders 
Demonstrated experience in creating and driving efficient processes at scale
Prior experience working in ads space is preferred

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
LI-REMOTE
LI-NB1At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only114,750—236,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.