About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. As a Distinguished Engineer at Pinterest, you will play a pivotal role in shaping the technical direction of our platform, driving innovation, and providing leadership to our engineering teams. Youll be at the forefront of developing cutting-edge solutions that impact millions of users.
What youll do:

Advise executive leadership on highly complex, multi-faceted aspects of the business, with technological and cross-organizational impact.
Serve as a technical mentor and role model for engineering teams, fostering a culture of excellence.
Develop cutting-edge innovations with global impact on the business and anticipate future technological opportunities.
Serve as strategist to translate ideas and innovations into outcomes, influencing and driving objectives across Pinterest.
Embed systems and processes that develop and connect teams across Pinterest to harness the diversity of thought, experience, and backgrounds of Pinployees.
Integrate velocity within Pinterest; mobilizing the organization by removing obstacles and enabling teams to focus on achieving results for the most important initiatives.

 What were looking for::

Proven experience as a distinguished engineer, fellow, or similar role in a technology company.
Recognized as a pioneer and renowned technical authority within the industry, often globally, requiring comprehensive expertise in leading-edge theories and technologies.
Deep technical expertise and thought leadership that helps accelerate adoption of the very best engineering practices, while maintaining knowledge on industry innovations, trends and practices.
Ability to effectively communicate with and influence key stakeholders across the company, at all levels of the organization.
Experience partnering with cross-functional project teams on initiatives with significant global impact.
Outstanding problem-solving and analytical skills.

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-REMOTE
LI-NB1At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only242,029—498,321 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.