About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The mission of the Business Operations team is to align Pinterests execution to its strategy. As a key member of the team youll drive critical business insights for our Executives while partnering with leaders throughout Pinterest to fundamentally improve how we execute. With a combination of exceptional analytical skills, an insatiable curiosity, and an entrepreneurial get stuff done mindset, youll help us better understand our Pinners, Advertisers, Merchants, Creators, Products, and drive changes that will shape the future of Pinterest. 
What youll do :

Business Analytics  Reporting. Develop a deep understanding of our ads products and roadmap and how they drive our business to inform important decisions and priorities across the organization. Define critical KPIs and build core operating dashboards to help teams drive operational rigor and manage performance. Be the primary point person with our senior leadership on understanding metrics movements and trends in our business.
Strategy  Special Projects. Tackle key strategic questions and critical business initiatives, and partner with leaders throughout Pinterest to build business cases for potential investments. Present insights and recommendations to senior leadership, and drive the follow through of those recommendations to ensure smooth execution with a diverse array of cross-functional partners.
Planning  Forecasting. Manage the forecast models for core topline metrics that drive company-wide forecasting, goal-setting, and strategic planning. Work with senior leaders to update their strategic priorities and goals on a regular basis.

 What were looking for :

Bachelors degree in a relevant field such as economics, business administration, or data analytics or equivalent experience.
3 years of experience in analytical or strategic roles. Youve been a top performer in an investing, consulting, investment banking, product, andor other highly analytical role at a fast-growing company; knowledge of the consumer internet and media ecosystem is a plus.
Exceptional data analysis skills. Youre a true expert in a variety of analytical tools, including SQL, Tableau, and Excel (and in areas youre not, you have the growth mindset to learn it); knowledge of Python and R is a plus.
Entrepreneurial self-starter. You thrive in a fast-moving, ambiguous environment, and are independently capable of seeking information, corralling resources, and delivering results without waiting for direction.
Strong communication skills. You can move seamlessly between conversing with engineers or frontline ops employees and leading presentations with senior executives.
High-energy, positive team player. You have a proven ability to build strong working relationships with business partners; this is a highly cross-functional role, so a low ego and a high instinct for collaboration are musts.
Keen aptitude to scale the team. Help build out processes for a small (but mighty) team. Help build our influence across the organization to tackle each of the above for your coverage area.

 
Our PinFlex future of work philosophy requires this role to visit a Pinterest office for collaboration approximately 2x per quarter. For employees not located within a commutable distance from this in-office touchpoint, Pinterest will cover TE. Learn more about PinFlex here.
 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-REMOTE
LI-MB2At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only96,900—200,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.