About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Were looking for an experienced iOS engineer to join the iOS Platform team in our App Foundations organization. 
Our team develops the technology ecosystem that enables an inspiring Pinner experience by establishing a high technical bar and driving innovation across our entire iOS app. We do this by driving high application stability, developing robust developer tools and charting the future of and standards for our iOS development. 
We are curious technical detectives, learners, guides and creatives committed to empowerment and the continuous improvement of our software, teams and approach.
What youll do:

Proactively improve our core iOS software and processes to ensure high quality, reliability and maintainability.
Lead integration and migration efforts with existing platform toolsservices.
Develop and improve frameworks and tools that iOS engineers across the company use to build compelling Pinner experiences.
Identify and drive the adoption of best practices across our app to support critical business and technical priorities.
Innovate at a high pace to support development at scale.

 What were looking for:

8 years of software engineering experience.
Deep understanding of render engines and high performing UI components.
Deep understanding of the iOS platform Objective-C and Swift and willing to work with both.
Ability to work on ambiguous problems independently, navigating multiple areas of the codebase, to identify, implement and lead improvements.
Thoughtful experience in writing reliable, maintainable and performant code that may be used by other engineers.
You are a great teammate; you are flexible and ready to do what s best for your customers (in this case, the customers are other teams at Pinterest).

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-REMOTE
LI-KK6At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only175,488—360,985 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.