About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The Advanced Technologies Group (ATG) is Pinterests advanced machine learning team. It keeps Pinterest at the forefront of machine learning technology across multiple application areas including recommendations, ranking, content understanding, and more. It is a high impact applied team that works horizontally across the company on state of the art AI and ML and works on directly bringing that technology to the product in collaboration with product engineering teams. The team publishes its work in applied research conferences, but the main contribution of the teams work is to drive top line metric impact across the company for our 400M monthly active users.
What youll do:

Lead projects that involve developing and deploying state of the art (and beyond) ML models in production systems across the company at scale for hundreds of millions of users.
Help to define and drive forward looking ML strategy for the team and across the company.
Collaborate with other engineering teams (infrastructure, user modeling, content understanding) to leverage their platforms and signals and work with them to collaborate on the adoption and evaluation of new technologies.
Mentor junior engineers on the ATG and partner teams and help to uplevel ML talent across the company.

What were looking for:

Experience with state of the art ML modeling techniques and approaches like transformers, self supervised pre-training, generative modeling, LLMs, etc.
Experience with large scale data processing (e.g. Hive, Scalding, Spark, Hadoop, Map-reduce)
Hands-on experience training and applying models at scale using deep learning frameworks like PyTorch or Tensorflow. Successful candidates in this role need to be able to build bridge state of the art approaches to real world impact.
8 years working experience in the engineering teams that build large-scale ML-driven user-facing products
3 years experience leading cross-team engineering efforts.
Strong execution skills in project management
Masters or PhD in Comp Sci or related fields
Understanding of an object-oriented programming language (Java, C, Python) 

Desired skills:

Experience in working on, backend and ML systems for large-scale user-facing products, and have a good understanding of how they all work.
Experience in closely collaborating with other engineering teams to ship new ML technologies to improve recommendation, content understanding, and ranking systems at scale.

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
LI-SA1
LI-REMOTEAt Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only221,000—455,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.