About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. We are a leaned-in platform where users come with active intent, not a place to watch funny dance videos or doom scroll through news. As such, we are positioned to succeed in Shopping in a differentiated way. As a platform, we are uniquely positioned at the intersection of search, social and commerce. The full-funnel experience across homefeed, search, and related pins - combined with the ability to save, collaborate and curate - enables users to have dynamic, multi-session journeys and go seamlessly from inspiration to action. These journeys are rarely linear and Pinterest enables statefulness better than any other platform - allowing users to stop and start, refine down, broaden out and come back to where they left off - seamlessly navigating between discover, decide and do. 
What youll do:

Own responsibility for Shopping, one of Pinterests top strategic priorities. 
Develop and execute a cohesive Shopping strategy and roadmap in close partnership with Executive, Product, Engineering, Design and other cross-functional stakeholders.
Build innovative new shopping features that tap into the unique user intent on Pinterest. Youll create products that help users find inspiration, browse products and ultimately find the item they want to buy. 
Lead a team of talented Product Managers working on our shopping efforts. Mentor existing team while continuing to add great new talent to the organization.

What were looking for:

Trusted collaborator: in this role, youll partner closely with a variety of teams across the company, including Pinner, Monetization, Trust  Safety, and more. Youll need to build deep and trusted relationships with these teams and work together in service of key shared strategic priorities.
Strategic thinker: Youll need to understand the landscape in which were operating and make frequent tradeoffs and decisions around where to invest time and resources.
Skilled communicator: Youll communicate your strategy and plans to Executive audiences and to the company more broadly, and need the ability to communicate clearly and convincingly with a wide range of audiences.
Strong people leader: Youll lead an existing team of talented PMs and will drive recruiting efforts to add more top talent to the team.
Technical strength: Youll partner closely with Engineering teams working with a wide variety of technologies, including Machine Learning.  
Customer centricity: Youll work with both external and internal customers, and must deeply understand their needs and requirements.
A driver of results: Ultimately, youll need to produce significant, measurable results against some of the companys key goals.

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-REMOTE
LI-NP1At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only242,029—498,321 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.