About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The Performance Technical Solutions team provides specialized, technical implementation support for Pinterest products that help accelerate the performance marketing space. Our team consists of analytical minds who enjoy solving complex strategic, operational and technical challenges for the worlds largest commerce players. As a Performance Solutions Partner, Canada, you will partner with our Sales teams and be responsible for leveraging ad products to help customers achieve their business goals and package solutions to solve their lower funnel marketing related technical challenges. Youll also build robust processes, systems, tools and documentation these products can be serviced. As a glue between sales and productengineering, you will be the catalyst for revenue by helping package technical solutions for sales and accelerate the feedback loop for productengineering. 
 
 
What youll do:

Be the primary day-to-day technical contact for sales to help activate lower funnel campaigns (ex. eCommerce, performance focused). Provide prompt, professional consultative support and service to ensure a high level of customer satisfaction
Ensure activation and adoption of various lower funnel ad products and advocate new product features and assist clients in the adoption of new products via upgrades and migrations to help them build long-term success
Conduct shopping technical audits that involve troubleshooting Pinterest tags, optimizing eCommerce feeds and product groups, and identifying opportunities for new catalog salesconversion MECI campaign structures
Guide Pinterests API for Conversions (API4C) implementation and help troubleshoot any issues that may arise
Use data to propose and encourage new campaign structures for the sales team andor clients to utilize Pinterest as a performance platform 
Provide documentation and technical guidance to ensure the technical success of clients integrations
Collaborate with internal and external technical and developer teams to drive communication, prioritization, analysis, and resolution of customer challenges and issues  
Be a cross functional partner to engineeringproduct to help be the market voice of truth for beta products and help drive sales adoption post GA (General Access)
Partner with program managers to help improve current processes and designdevelop tools and workflows to increase team productivityefficiency
 

 
 
What were looking for:

Bachelors degree or equivalent practical experience
Minimum of 3 years of both client facing and hands-on experience in digital advertising with responsibilities in ad tech, ad ops, andor campaign management. Preferably in SEM and Social advertising channels and with 5 years of experience
Experience with site tagging and tag troubleshooting, while working with HTML and Javascript. Previous experience with Google Tag Manager will be highly desired
Ability to work with eCommerce data feeds
Experience in interpreting SQL queries for data analysis. Writing net new queries and visualizing output in tableau dashboards would be bonuses
Working knowledge in API implementation, though preferably has been hands on in troubleshooting and leading implementation (ex. Conversion API)
Experience using web analytics (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics) to measure paid media performance would be preferred, but not a requirement 
Familiar with e-commerce and performance strategies to drive retail business, and would be advantageous if you have executed in platform against them
Strong analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment with internal and external stakeholders
Excellent presentation and communication skills including the ability to adapt your message to the technical level of an audience
Ability to manage multiple projects concurrently

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-HYBRID
LI-AKEOOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.