About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. What youll do:

Build, inspire and grow a high performance team of data scientists and managers that are thought partners to Pinner Growth pod that focuses on user acquisition, activation, retention and forecasting.
Strong business acumen with a deep understanding of key business metrics and the ability to leverage data insights to drive growth and achieve tangible business outcomes.
Work with product and eng partners help identify and answer important why questions. Lead the team to structure ambiguous business challenges into actionable plans. Ensure that your team is producing consistently trustworthy and high-quality technical outputs that influence the business. Drive data-driven decision-making aligned with the organizations strategic objectives.
Communicate complex analytical findings and insights to both technical and non-technical stakeholders in a clear and concise manner.
Be a champion for building highly talented and diverse teams with an inclusive culture.

What were looking for:

MS or PhD in a quantitative field or equivalent experience.
Experience in managing teams of data scientist, data engineer, and analytics, fostering a culture of innovation, collaboration, and continuous improvement.
Hands on experience as a data scientist, algorithmic engineer, or machine learning engineer in a technology company.
Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem.
Effective written and verbal communication skills.
Experience with hypothesis driven product development. 
Experience being a thought partner to improve decision quality and able to influence with expertise.

What skills are ideal but not required?

Specific experience working on user growth, engagement or personalization for a similar product with a large user base.

What makes this role specialexciting?

We have had strong user growth over the last 12 months and have aggressive goals to further grow our user base 
You will work with world class data science talent in understanding the growth channels and drivers and identifying opportunities within them.
You can become a leader of leaders, developing a best in-class team of technical data scientists
The team is responsible for user growth across all our channels such as SEO, logged out product experience, login pages and activation and also retention channels such as emailpush notifications. The team also develops user growth forecasts to support business planning. Each of them brings its own complexity and challenges which will provide exposure to a wide variety of data science problems to solve.

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-HYBRID 
LI-JT6At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only174,071—358,072 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.