About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Were looking for a talented Quantitative UX Researcher whos worked on digital products and has a knack for discovering actionable insights. Youre a dedicated researcher who can mix advanced survey science with behavioral analysis to design, execute, and communicate strategic research on a deadline in a fast paced environment. Youre a self-starter who thrives with autonomythis role has broad scope and the person who fills it will be responsible for prioritizing and sequencing work. 
This role is part of our central research team and embedded within shopping, working across different teams in that space. You will be responsible for deepening our understanding of shopping on and off-platform. You will help understand shopping journeys and attitudes at scale, shape how we identify and prioritize user needs, and help develop the best metrics to evaluate success. 
Learn more about Quant UX Research at Pinterest:

What is quantitative user experience research at Pinterest?
How we define, build, and scale quantitative UX research at Pinterest

 
What youll do:

Prioritize and conduct quantitative research that varies in approach, scale, scope, timeframe and methodology across multiple work streams, making sure to work on the right project at the right time
Explore the intersection of attitudes and behaviors through surveys and deep behavioral analysis
Generate research insights that can be used to inform product, brand, and business decisions
Build strong relationships as a strategic partner with Product, Design, Engineering, and Data Science to identify high impact work and ensure it lands within teams
Partner closely with qualitative researchers and market researchers to build upon each others work and develop compelling narratives about research findings
Proactively communicate and share your research findings with stakeholders, leadership, and other audiences

What were looking for:

Expert in quantitative research methods, analysis, visualizations and relevant data tools like RPython and SQL
3 years of experience conducting user experience research with large data sets, preferably on consumer facing digital software
PhD preferred, in computational social sciences (e.g,. Economics, sociology, psychology), statistics, computer science, related field, or equivalent practical experience
Experience with survey methodology, including experience developing surveys and analyzing survey data
Experience collaborating with qualitative and market researchers, and understanding the value of their methods and approaches
A self-starter, someone who is self-directed and capable of working autonomously to keep projects moving forward

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-BL5
LI-REMOTEAt Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only135,150—278,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.