About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. As a Product Manager for the Merchant Experience Team, you will be responsible for leading the development and execution of our product strategy and roadmap to attract and retain merchants on our platform. You will work closely with cross-functional teams, including engineering, design, marketing, and sales, to deliver best-in-class merchants and advertisement products that drive revenue growth, increase customer satisfaction, and position our company as a market leader. Your ability to understand market dynamics, anticipate customer needs, and leverage data-driven insights will be critical to your success in this role.
What youll do:

Set our vision, strategy, and roadmap for innovating and improving the experience for merchants on Pinterest 
Understand user pain points and requirements, develop strong roadmaps and execute
Work cross-functionally with engineers, data science, marketing and sales to ship high quality customer centric products and experiences 
Communicate your strategy upward and outward internally to ensure you have the support you need to be successful 
Define and track key performance indicators to measure the success of products and initiatives, and use data-driven insights to optimize performance

What were looking for:

5 years of product or related experience with a strong understanding of marketplaces, merchants and digital advertising
Strong communication, collaboration, and leadership skills to effectively work with cross-functional teams and stakeholders
Excellent analytical skills, with the ability to use data to make informed decisions and drive product improvements
Strategic mindset, customer first lens and ability to frame the problem clearly 
Ability to articulate complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences in written and verbal communication 
Ability to manage and prioritize within a portfolio of projects 
Ability to execute with a bias towards action

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
LI-REMOTE
LI-REXAt Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only114,750—236,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.