About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. As a Senior Manager, Product Marketing, you will play a pivotal role in driving the success of our products through strategic planning, market analysis, and effective go-to-market strategies. You will partner closely with product leadership to set the vision, strategy, and roadmap for performance ads solutions and lead a team of product marketing managers to ensure these products are positioned effectively and successfully in the market. 
What youll do:

Lead a team of talented product marketing managers responsible for driving product positioning, go-to-market, adoption, and revenue against key performance ad products 
Shape our product direction through market analysis, research and close collaboration with our Product, Engineering, and Design teams
Serve as an advocate and represent the voice of our customers; ensure broad awareness of and empathy for customer pain points internally
Drive cross-functional alignment throughout the go-to-market process, tracking success metrics accordingly
Define the messaging, positioning, and launch plan for new advertising products
Use data and insights to drive adoption of strategic priorities and influence our overall monetization strategy and growth initiatives 
Educate and inspire internal and external teams on Pinterests solutions for advertisers
Work closely with cross functional partners in product, engineering, data science, design, sales, marketing, finance, and other teams to develop and launch new performance ad products 

What were looking for:

10 years of total experience in advertising with 5 in product marketing at a fast growing ad tech company
Experience leading a team of product marketers or similar roles 
Experience in online performance advertising with a deep understanding of the advertising landscape; subject matter expertise of full-funnelmulti-objective advertising solutions and advertising measurement solutions preferred
Sharp eye for detail and proven project management and operational skills
Keen ability to translate complexity into simple, clear communication and approach
A passion for Pinterest!

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
LI-REMOTELI-REXAt Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only158,950—327,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.