About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The Global Sales Solutions (GSS) team drives revenue by building relevant, competitive and measurably performing marketing solutions for our Sales partners based on Pinterests unique ads products, audiences  content. The Sales Enablement (SE) team specifically is a multidisciplinary team dedicated to training and learning, sales content guidance and management as well as leading sales programs that increases the effectiveness and efficiency of Sales.
As a Sr. Sales Enablement Partner in London, you will support the team that leads a multi-billion dollar revenue sales program. Your program management  will enable our sellers to confidently present Pinterest and the value the platform can create for our most strategic advertiser partners.
What youll do:

Support the development of the annual deals program including stewardship of deal commitments and strategic alignment with critical XFN partners   
Develop processes and operational systems to manage the global complexity of the end-to-end deal system
Orchestrate cross-functional efforts across Sales, Global Sales Solutions, Sales Strategy  Operations, Finance, Legal, and Accounting to support continued growth of Deals program

What were looking for:

8 years of professional experience in program management
A strong track record of identifying key questions, connecting the dots, performing analyses independently, and communicating findings in a clear and concise way
Strong track record of collaborating with cross-functional teams and driving alignment across teams and senior stakeholders
Proven ability to drive impact in a complex, fast-paced environment
Organized, detail-oriented and strategically focused
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Understanding of sales and digital advertising platforms; working knowledge of sales systems and tools is a plus

 
Relocation Statement:

 This position is not eligible for relocation assistance. Visit our PinFlex page to learn more about our working model.

 
LI-HYBRID
LI-SL2Our Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.