About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Pinterest is one of the fastest growing online ad platforms and our success depends on mining rich user interest and intent data to connect Pinners with the most relevant advertisers. This Advertiser Performance team is responsible for developing ads signal strategies, and varied ML foundational work by leveraging cutting edge ML technologies such as generative AI and LLM, in order to enable a wide range of ads products (e.g., privacy-preserved, shopping) and improve advertising performance.
What youll do:

Conduct comprehensive exploratory data analysis to gain insights into the data and identify potential features of high performance
Develop and implement feature engineering strategies and pipelines to preprocess and transform raw data into feature representation, such as embedding, that are suitable for ads machine learning models 
Apply feature engineering best practices, including scaling, normalizing, encoding and handling missing values to ensure signals quality and reliability
Research and apply the cutting edge ML technologies, e.g.,  Graph Neural Network, Representation Learning, generative AI and LLM to enable more performant ads product development

What were looking for:

MS or Ph.D degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or related field
Rich experience in building Ads products by leveraging ML technologies, and deep understanding of delivery tech stack and product development cycle
Experience in both designing and implementing large scale ML application
Strong execution skills in project management, with the leadership capability for XFN projects 
Generative AI, LLM experience is a plus, not required

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-HYBRID 
LI-SM4At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only206,456—360,985 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.