About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The Curation team at Pinterest is seeking a Sr Product Manager to drive experiences that allow Pinners to meaningfully engage with their favorite content to help navigate the inspiration to realization journey. This role will drive some of the most critical investments on Pinterest and will get to work on some of the most loved features on Pinterest that are used by 10s of millions of Piners everyday. The experiences you envision and build with a world class team of engineers, designers, and researchers will directly drive engagement and shopping on Pinterest. Come join the team thats at the heart of the Pinterest experience, and make your mark on how Pinners enrich their lives and make their dreams a reality!
 
What youll do:

Work on product strategy, development, and execution for curation experiences at Pinterest, such as the Boards surface
Deliver an engaging, cohesive, and frictionless experience for hundreds of millions of Pinners who are looking to get more out of their saved content
Partner closely with engineering, design, research and analytics to define, measure, and drive execution: understand diverse Pinner needs to create experiences that match our wide breadth of audiences and business objectives
Collaborate across product teams to drive alignment and resolve dependencies, creating a unified vision for the Boards experience and how teams come together to create that experience

What were looking for:

Demonstrated success in product management or related experience at fast-growing companies
Experience developing full-stack consumer-facing experiences at scale and advocating for your vision of these experiences
Proven ability to work cross-functionally and cross-teamorg to deliver great user experiences on time in a highly collaborative environment, influencing, escalating, and establishing working models where needed to move quickly across teams
Ability to move quickly and make appropriate trade-offs based on data analysis and qualitative feedback from Pinners

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-REMOTELI-REXAt Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only123,470—254,024 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.