About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Pinterest is one of the fastest growing online ad platforms, and Advertiser Solutions Group (ASG) is building advertiser products by applying the ML technologies to improve performance and drive value for the advertisers. ASG particularly focuses on product innovation and improvement, and connects all the advertiser products across the entire advertiser lifecycle.  
What youll do:

Lead ads product development that involve end-to-end engineering in both frontend and backend and ML 
Work closely with Product on planning roadmap, set technical direction and deliver value
ASG builds models and systems to deliver an integrated, performant, and hassle-free product for the whole advertiser lifecycle.  

Examples of specific application areas and projects are:

Auto campaign optimization
Creatives optimization product
Targeting and audience modeling
Advertiser growth 
Guidance and Media Planning
Measurement Modeling
Ads Integrity, e.g., ads review
Signal modeling 



What were looking for:

10 years of industry experience, with 5 years tech leadership experience  
Rich experience in building Ads products by leveraging ML technologies
Experience in both designing and implementing large scale ML application
Strong execution skills in project management
Masters or PhD in Comp Sci or related fields
Understanding of an object-oriented programming language (Go, Java, C, Python) 
Generative AI experience is a plus, not required

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-HYBRID
LI-SM4At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only222,000—327,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.