About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Pinterest helps more than 450 million people discover new ideas to help design their life. Our users come to Pinterest to explore ideas and run more than 6 billion search queries every month. Many of these queries represent exploratory search intent and are broad, which means that the search system should be able to deeply understand this intent, and then help people explore content, personalize results, harness visual signals effectively, and show the most engaging content up front. In addition, the team also owns query refinements and modules that help Pinners narrow their search intent from broad exploratory queries, to help them narrow their results down. All of this means that Pinterest search presents a unique challenge quite unlike other search systems and the opportunity to innovate on a product that only Pinterest can build. 
We are looking for an exceptional staff machine learning engineer lead to drive and work on Search-related problems such as engagement and relevance modeling, query understanding, learned retrieval, and other NLPRec-Sys areas on Search.
 
What you will do:


You will be responsible for leading the machine learning strategy and projects in Pinterest search, including indexing and document ranking, query and content understanding, personalization, ML based retrieval, shopping, videos, as well as infrastructure efficiency and scalability. In addition, the candidate will work on innovative applications of NLP and other techniques to drive query recommendations, autocompletions, and query based module generation and ranking.


Work closely with the other engineering teams in Pinterest to bring superior search experience to our users, such as content signal, research and infrastructure.


Bring cutting-edge research and industry knowledge into the team around NLP, information retrieval, machine learning, generative AI and related areas


Mentor and grow junior engineers on the team.


What we are looking for:


8-10 years of experience leading and working on a large-scale production search, recommendation or ads systems that are based on state-of-the-art machine learning and big data technology.


Applied machine learning experience is strongly preferred. Experience in related fields such as recommendation systems, natural language processing, generative AI is a bonus.


Ability to drive roadmap and directions of scalable production quality systems end-to-end.


A knack for product and impact on users of a consumer product.


 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-HYBRID LI-AK7At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only159,000—278,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.