About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Pinterest is seeking an experienced Staff Security Engineer to drive corporate security initiatives and keep our employees and infrastructure safe from real-world threats. You will have the opportunity to solve challenging problems and provide a meaningful impact on our overall security posture. We are looking for a candidate with a passion for innovative solutions which achieve security while minimizing employee friction and maximizing productivity. 
What youll do:

Perform security assessments and enhance the posture of core corporate infrastructure and services
Develop or implement tooling to detect and mitigate threats 
Work in conjunction with IT architectural and infrastructure groups to coordinate and implement roadmaps for future scalability, growth, and capacity
Harden our endpoints, services, and infrastructure against abuse and nefarious activity 
Interface with other teams, and take a leadership role in driving internal security initiatives
Participate in on-call rotation for major security events or outages in tools we support

Who you are:

7 years of experience in Information Security covering network, systems andor application security 
Proficient in developing and building tools in Python, or a similar scripting language
Knowledge of operating system internals (macOS, Linux), network, and cloud fundamentals
Exposure to digital forensics and incident response 
Enthusiasm and passion for security and staying abreast of new attacks and adversary TTPs

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
LI-REMOTE
LI-JE2At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only148,049—304,496 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.