About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. Pinterest helps Pinners discover and do what they love. Homefeed is the surface every Pinner sees when they open the app and forms the front-and-center of the Pinterest experience for 400M pinners every month. The Homefeed Candidate Generation teams mission is to recommend inspiring  engaging pins for all our Pinners. We are looking for a Staff Machine Learning Engineer who can drive the teams technical direction and also be hands-on in developing our retrieval models and lightweight ranking layer.  Youll have the opportunity to work cross-team on various innovative projects of new product experiences, build large-scale low-latency systems and state-of-the-art machine learning models, and deliver great impact to our Pinners and business metrics.
What youll do:

Improve relevance and the user experience on Homefeed
Help set the technical direction and works hands-on for retrieval on Homefeed
Work on state-of-the-art large-scale applied machine learning projects
Improve the efficiency and reliability of large-scale data processing and ML inference pipeline
Improve our engineering systems to improve the latency, capacity, stability and reduce infra cost

What were looking for:

Languages: Java, Python
Machine Learning: PyTorch or Tensorflow
Big data processing: Spark, Hive, MapReduce, SQL
5 years experience with recommender systems or user modeling, implementing production ML systems at scale
5 years experience with large scale distributed backend service

Desired skills:

Experience in working in Deep learning and Generative AI models
Experience in closely collaborating with product managers  designers to ship ML-driven user-facing products

This position isis not eligible for relocation assistance.
LI-SA1
LI-REMOTEAt Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only159,000—278,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.