About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. We are looking for a highly motivated and experienced Machine Learning Engineer to join our team and help us shape the future of machine learning at Pinterest. In this role, you will tackle new challenges in machine learning that will have a real impact on the way people discover and interact with the world around them.  You will collaborate with a world-class team of research scientists and engineers to develop new machine learning algorithms, systems, and applications that will bring step-function impact to the business metrics (recent publications 1, 2, 3).  You will also have the opportunity to work on a variety of exciting projects in the following areas: 

representation learning
recommender systems
graph neural network
natural language processing (NLP)
inclusive AI
reinforcement learning
user modeling

You will also have the opportunity to mentor junior researchers and collaborate with external researchers on cutting-edge projects.  
What youll do: 

Lead cutting-edge research in machine learning and collaborate with other engineering teams to adopt the innovations into Pinterest problems
Collect, analyze, and synthesize findings from data and build intelligent data-driven model
Scope and independently solve moderately complex problems; write clean, efficient, and sustainable code
Use machine learning, natural language processing, and graph analysis to solve modeling and ranking problems across growth, discovery, ads and search

What were looking for:

Mastery of at least one systems languages (Java, C, Python) or one ML framework (Pytorch, Tensorflow, MLFlow)
Experience in research and in solving analytical problems
Strong communicator and team player. Being able to find solutions for open-ended problems
8 years working experience in the rd or engineering teams that build large-scale ML-driven projects
3 years experience leading cross-team engineering efforts that improves user experience in products
MSPhD in Computer Science, ML, NLP, Statistics, Information Sciences or related field

Desired skills:

Strong publication track record and industry experience in shipping machine learning solutions for large-scale challenges 
Cross-functional collaborator and strong communicator
Comfortable solving ambiguous problems and adapting to a dynamic environment

This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
LI-SA1
LI-REMOTEAt Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.US based applicants only158,950—327,000 USDOur Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.