About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. The Continuous Delivery Platform team is a diverse group of engineers who build products, tools and systems enabling thousands of Pinterest engineers to deploy code to production rapidly and safely, accelerating developer productivity. Our vision is to build a platform that inspires developers to do their best work, and our mission is to provide a fast and safe path from prototype to production without worrying about the underlying infrastructure. We believe in contributing to open source work and collaboration as much as possible.
What youll do

Work on our next-generation, continuous delivery platform for multiple compute backends (VM, K8S, Yarn).
Build partnerships with various teams (our customers) by learning their use-cases and pain points; champion key efforts across teams.
Have an opportunity to impact key open source systems such as Spinnaker, Teletraan (DeployCompute Engine), Kubernetes (Compute Engine).
Development and maintenance of deployment systems used by product development teams at Pinterest.

What were looking for

Experience working on multiple cross-functional infrastructure features and services, with the ability to understand customer needs and drive consensus. 
Proficient in coding and scripting languages such as Python, Java, NodeJS or Go.
You enjoy articulating technical details on key problem areas by writing RFCs and design documents.
Familiarity with cloud deployment technologies like Spinnaker, Terraform and Kubernetes. 
Previous experience building deploymentdelivery platforms is a plus.

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
 
 
 
LI-HYBRID
LI-MF1Our Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.