About Pinterest:  
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. Its where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, youll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. Youll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.
Creating a life you love also means finding a career that celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences that you bring. As you read through the expectations of the position, consider how your skills and experiences may complement the responsibilities of the role. We encourage you to think through your relevant and transferable skills from prior experiences.
Our new progressive work model is called PinFlex, a term thats uniquely Pinterest to describe our flexible approach to living and working. Visit our PinFlex landing page to learn more. As a research intern at Pinterest Labs, youll work on tackling new challenges in machine learning and artificial intelligence. Youll conduct research that can be applied across Pinterest engineering teams and engage in external collaborations and mentoring, while also performing research in any of the following areas: image recognition, user modeling, recommender systems, natural language processing, and big data analytics. We offer a 12-week summer internship program.
What youll do:

Contribute in cutting-edge research in machine learning and artificial intelligence that can be applied to Pinterest problems
Collect, analyze, and synthesize findings from data and build intelligent data-driven model
Write clean, efficient, and sustainable code
Use machine learning, natural language processing, and graph analysis to solve modeling and ranking problems across discovery, ads and search
Scope and independently solve moderately complex problems
Take proactive ownership over the completion and quality of your tasks and project with minimal guidance from your mentor, manager, and peers

What were looking for:

Working towards a PhD in Computer Science, ML, NLP, Statistics, Information Sciences or related field
Mastery of at least one systems languages (Java, C, Python) or one ML framework (Tensorflow, Pytorch, MLFlow)
Experience in research and in solving analytical problems
Strong communicator and team player. Being able to find solutions for open-ended problems

Preferred Qualifications:

Publications in machine learning, AI, data science, data analytics, statistics, or related technical fields
Strong passion for research and for answering hard questions with research
Passion for applied ML and the Pinterest product

 
This position is not eligible for relocation assistance.
 
LI-REMOTE
LI-EB1
At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.
Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.
US based applicants only
The salary for this position is 11,000 monthly.Our Commitment to Diversity:
Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic under federal, state, or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require an accommodation during the job application process, please notify accessibilitypinterest.com for support.