Are you currently a senior technical leader and looking to step into a CTO role? Have you ran teams and products and looking for your opportunity to come in at the ground floor?
Wed still love to hear from you through this application! Were always on the move and would love to reach out about CTO opportunities.
About Us
PSL is a startup studio and early-stage venture capital fund in Seattle! We are known for moving fast and building innovative companies by bringing together world-class talent, big ideas, and investment capital.
Our background lies in both starting companies from concept to businesses and scaling companies from 1M to 100M and beyond. We are a dedicated team of entrepreneurs, operators, and investors with a proven track record of building and scaling companies.
We may not have an open position for you just yet, BUT we are spinning out new ideas consistently. If you have an interest in the start-up ecosystem let us know!
 
We are always on the lookout for those who...


Serve as a thought leader and strategy driver for the team along with the CEO and founder. Build and embody the companys culture and mission


Build, build, build: especially in the early days, youll be rolling up your sleeves and writing code, from architecture to fixing finicky bugs


Recruit a killer team, managing staffing, mentoring, maintaining and bettering a best-in-class engineering team that loves coming into work every day


Partner with the business and design teams to understand the customer and shape product vision and requirements


Develop the long-term strategy for the company and translate that into an achievable road map


Understand how all elements of the software lifecycle work together and develop quality engineering approaches to define the overall architecture


Get to know our customer (or know them well already) and use that empathy to inform building an exceptional product


 
What we offer


The opportunity to work with experienced PSL engineers


You will have the opportunity to develop and maintain an early stage product


The ability to work with a company pre-launch


Thrive in a constantly evolving environment where the process is fluid and creative solutions are the norm

