About Pioneer Square Labs
Pioneer Square Labs (PSL) is a premier startup studio, and early-stage venture capital fund focused on the next generation of technology companies in the Pacific Northwest.
PSL Studio develops ideas with exceptional entrepreneurs from scratch and validates or kills them. For the best ideas, we invest significant development work and capital to turn these ideas into venture-funded companies with rapid customer and market adoption.  See a few examples here. Over the last six years, PSL has created almost 31 companies, with the vast majority going on to raise venture funding and scale.  One of three PSL Studio companies is female-founded, and one out of three is BIPOC-founded.  We are always looking for great people to found and lead our companies.
 
Pioneer Square Labs is a Startup Studio  Venture Capital Fund that partners with founders. PSL exists to build the next generation of world-changing companies, bringing together exceptional founders, big ideas, and investment capital.
We partner with Entrepreneurs-in-Residence (EIRs) to take ideas from 0 to pre-seed to your seed fundraise. Our team of designers, engineers, growth marketers, and recruiting to support you from validating an idea, to creating the MVP and gaining customer traction. 
 
This role is based in Pioneer Square, Seattle.
 
What we bring to the table: 

Reps - We have spun out 30 companies to date and have built a ton of experience to help you through the earliest stages
Platform resources - We have built internal tools, techniques, and processes to help you accelerate your validation and conviction on any idea
Domain expertise - We have product managers, GTM leaders, engineers, designers, and recruiting to support your vision from ideation to validation to launch

 
Why work with us:

Collaboration with PSL M.D.s who will help refine your idea, open investor conversations, and support the refining of your vision
A way to effectively and efficiently de-risk a venture scale business in a few months vs. 1 years 
Founding equity and a strong co-founder and PSL community as you scale up 

 
We are incubating a product and company now - interested? 
We are experimenting with a new format on how we meet founders! I know how Very PSL of us. As part of this process wed love to see your Critt! Please submit a recorded presentation that is reviewed by our team submit a Critt in 5 minutes or less.  
Some examples of what to cover:

What problems are you currently excited to solve?
Why you are interested in working with PSL?
Why you, why now 

Use Loom to record and submit your video!