Senior Product Designer - AI Assisted Hardware Design Startup (Jarvis PRD)
About Jarvis:
Tony Stark once said, Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk. As the field of hardware development and artificial intelligence continues to rapidly evolve, there lies a monumental opportunity to make a significant impact on the way we create the physical products that make up the world. Jarvis PRD is harnessing AI technology to revolutionize how product requirements and hardware design processes are approached. We are seeking a resilient, adaptable, and experienced Product Designer to join Jarvis. This role offers an unparalleled opportunity to shape the future of the hardware development industry and truly leave your mark.
About you:
This opportunity places you at the forefront of hardware development. Youll have the opportunity to work directly with impressive startup veterans to build something from the ground up as the design leader.
As a Product Designer at Jarvis, youll

Work iteratively on initial concepts, prototypes, and detailed designs informed by user research, marketplace and behavior trends, and your best ideas
Partner with Jarvis cross-functional teams to determine business and feature requirements and translate them into thoughtful design solutions
Concept and design features that will drive deep engagement that will drive company value props and deliver a magical experience to customers.
Translate brand tenets into elegant user interface design
Validate design concepts with end-users
Drive communication of design guidelines and patterns to ensure a consistent, intuitive experience across digital products
Develop and refine user-centered design processes and best practices while educating other disciplines of their value.

 
This job might be for you if you have...
 

A deep sense of curiosity and proven ability to propose creative concepts during initial project phases and the ability to deliver on those ideas through detailed design
Proven ability to solve complex UX problems and the product strategy skills to deliver best-in-class product design solutions
Experience working in a highly iterative, and collaborative environment where opinions are strong but loosely held
Proficiency designing user interfaces and experiences, including information architecture, user flows, wireframes, visual design, and prototypes that articulate product design
Experience working individually and collaboratively, and working directly with developers for implementation of designs
An appetite to test, learn, iterate, and improve
A bias for action in a fast-paced, sometimes ambiguous, environment; an ownership attitude
Efficiency in Figma, Adobe Creative Suite, and prototyping tools
6 years of relevant brand and user interface design experience
A Bachelors degree in Human Centered Design, Visual Design, Interaction Design, Design Research or UX-related field of study is a major plus

 
We are an equal opportunity employer and highly value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.