Low-Code Builder
PSL is a startup studio and early-stage venture capital fund building the next generation of software companies in the Pacific Northwest. We partner with exceptional entrepreneurs to develop ideas and validate or kill them (ruthlessly). For the best ideas, we invest significant development work and capital to turn these ideas into venture-funded companies with rapid customer and market adoption. See a few examples here.
Over 7 years and 35 spinouts, we have developed a successful, systematic approach for validating, launching and scaling great ideas. Our team of engineers, designers, marketers and operators is obsessed with supporting and accelerating the work of uncommonly talented founders.
We are looking for a well-rounded software builder. Just like founding a startup, partnering with early stage founders requires multidisciplinary skills. In this role, you will work alongside the Pioneer Square Labs team and portfolio company leaders, to do whatever is necessary to validate and launch startup ideas.
You are curious, optimistic yet discerning, and highly autonomous. You absolutely love startups. 
As a builder on the core team a typical day might include the following . . . 

Build a Bubble.io landing page to test a concept with an ad campaign.
Set up a Webflow marketing site
Add Zapier integrations for a 3rd party system
Configure Google Workspace accounts for the founding team
Setup a camera for a conference room
Evaluate hosting or 3rd party providers to solve a business problem
Prove a concept with a Machine Learning model in a python notebook
Build out an MVP (minimum viable product) in React or React Native
Scrape information from a web site and put it in a database
Implement an API in Node, hosted as a cloud function

Signs this might be a fit

Your current job doesnt allow you autonomy to move fast
Youre strong technically but you want to get better at building successful businesses
Youre customer focussed and like to have a say in product direction and design
Youre interested in trying new roles and technologies to broaden your career
People turn to you for technical help  

The salary range for this position is 120,000-170,000
Please note that the base salary range is a guideline, and individual total compensation will vary based on factors such as the candidates relevant experience, qualifications, education, skill level, competencies and work location. In addition, this position is eligible for an equity grant.
 
PSL provides the following benefit for regular, full time employees: 

Medical, dental, vision, EAP and life insurance.  Employee premiums are covered at 100 and dependent premiums are covered at 75
Long and Short term disability coverage fully paid for by PSL
Self Managed paid time off
Commuter benefit of either a fully subsidized ORCA pass or a parking spot (value up to 300month)
Once weekly lunch delivery
Two volunteer days off to dedicate to a cause important to you
Professional development allowance up to 1500 annually

We are an equal opportunity employer and highly value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 