We are looking for a passionate Solutions Architect to bring Pulumis cloud programming model to the world. You will be a part of realizing a vision where every developer can program the cloud.
In this partner-facing technical role, you will be the center of activity in teaching potential partners about Pulumi, validating partner integrations and solutions, and training our newest partners. It will be your job to take the shared vision of a joint solution with a partner and help to make it customer-ready: from assessing an integration, scoping out engineering and product requirements for delivering a joint scenario, building customized product and go-to-market plans, and working internally and externally to ensure our customers are happily using Pulumi with partner integrations and solutions.
Expect to be challenged, learn, teach, and collaborate with a world-class team of great people.
Pulumi is headquartered in Seattle, WA. This role is home office based in the United States. We are committed to our remote workforce and building a cohesive team.
In This Job You Will:

Work with partners across their entire lifecycle - from recruiting (demos, answering inbound questions, executing proof of concepts) to post-agreement (onboarding, technical reviews, account mapping).
Listen and respond; build and advise on the best technical choices for our partners.
Onboard new partners, training them on Pulumi best practices and advising on migrations from other infrastructure tools.
Close the loop between partners, product, and engineering teams, championing the product to partners and bringing their requirements to the Pulumi roadmap.
Be challenged, solve new problems, teach about our technologies, and figure out new, better ways to delight our customers.
Bring Pulumi to more users by building demos and tech talks and writing technical blog posts to highlight partner integrations and solutions.

To Be Successful In This Role, You Have:

6 years of experience in DevOps, Solutions Architecture, Consulting, or similar customer or partner-facing roles.
A commitment to user experience, partner optimization, and successful implementation of new products and integrations.
Deep familiarity with core web infrastructure, Open Source technologies, and public cloud platforms.
Experience with Pulumi, Terraform, CloudFormation, andor similar technologies.
Experience with at least one of the following languages: TypeScript, JavaScript, Python, C, Go, or Java.
Exceptional partnerstakeholder management and communication skills.
BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent practical experience.
AWS Solutions Architect Associate certification or similar experience

Compensation:

Solutions Architect - Base Salary Hiring Range: 147,000 - 195,000 
All full time employee offers at Pulumi include base salary, bonusvariablecommission, equity and benefits (details below).
Pulumi Benefits:

Health - We offer competitive medical, dental, vision, and supplemental insurance. It is free for our direct employees to be on our insurance.
Time Off - Unlimited personal time off (PTO) we ask that employees take at least 3 weeks off during the year in addition to the two annual company-wide wellness weeks and 13 US holidays.
401K with employer match
Parental Leave - 20 weeks paid parental leave for the birthing parent or primary caregiver, and 16 for non-birthing parent or secondary caregiver.
Remote-First - We are a 100 remote-first company with employees in nearly 20 states, and growing internationally; we encourage asynchronous communication and autonomy. We also provide an annual work from anywhere fund to help cover the employee costs of working remotely.
Professional Development  Growth - We encourage a lifelong learning mindset and every employee is given an annual professional development budget.
Equity - As a small but growing startup, we all act like owners and you will earn equity in the company.
Additional Funds - We offer employees a monthly wellness fund to be spent on anything physical andor mental wellbeing related. We also provide a quarterly happiness fund to be used toward anything that makes our employees happy! 

About Pulumi:
Pulumi is reimagining how developers and DevOps teams create and manage cloud software, through a unique combination of developer tools and system innovation. The company leads with an open source platform that embraces real programming languages, tools, and techniques, and offers an innovative SaaS product that helps teams collaborate.
Pulumi was founded in 2017 by developer and cloud experts from many corners of our industry to deliver innovative approaches to cloud software development. Since emerging from stealth in mid-2018, we are accelerating our platform momentum and product adoption. The team is built on a culture of openness, diversity, respect, and thinking big.
At Pulumi, we dont just accept difference, we look for it, celebrate it, support it, and thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our customers. Pulumi is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.