At Pulumi, were building the Cloud Engineering Platform enabling the future of developer-first infrastructure. We believe that programming the cloud should be just as productive, joyful, and flow-inducing as your local dev loop. We want to make janky internal developer portals and homegrown infrastructure DSLs a thing of the past. Every engineer deserves delightful tools. 
We employ a unique philosophy toward achieving this goal:

We succeed and fail as a team
An inclusive environment bubbles the best ideas to the top
Our customers sit at the center of every decision
We achieve the best results through openness and honesty, even when uncomfortable
Work smart, but bias for action and results
Our natural curiosity for technology keeps us always learning
Think big, dream, and define the future of engineering in the cloud

While Pulumi is headquartered in Seattle, WA., we are dedicated to being a remote first company. This role will be located remotely in the United States or Europe.
Responsibilities:
Our team builds and maintains the Pulumi IaC provider ecosystem. Thousands of companies rely on our integrations to provision resources across 100 clouds.
On any given day at Pulumi you might find yourself: 

Developing IaC provider SDKs consisting of millions of lines of code, across thousands of resource types and properties, spanning hundreds of cloud providers.
Applying and refining our code generation toolchain to build full fidelity cloud provider SDKs from OpenAPI specifications.
Building tools to manage and automate publishing of 500 packages across multiple languages including TypeScriptNodeJS, Python, C, Go, and Java. 
Designing, debugging, and implementing diff algorithms with accompanying fuzzproperty tests.
Writing automation to update our 100 bridged terraform providers.
Design automated systems to generate documentation based on Pulumis universal cloud resource schema.
Deeply understand the principles, find inconsistencies, codify the patterns while working with the Kubernetes API, AWS Cloud Control API, Azure Resource Manager, and more. 

Were Looking For Someone With:
Were hiring motivated engineers from entry-level to principal, but it helps if you have experience and excitement for: 

Designing APIs, SDKs, developer tools.
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal.
Experience in multiple programming languages such as Go, TypeScript, Python, Java, C, Rust, Kotlin, Scala, Haskell, Ruby, F, Lisp.
Systematic problem-solving approach, first principles and critical thinking skills, good design sensibilities.
Mindset of a community builder, focus on driving users and contributors to success.
Understanding of compilers, graph algorithms, data structures, and software architecture.
Experience with deployment orchestration and infrastructure as code tools.

Compensation:

Base Salary Hiring Range: 180,500 to 227,850
All full time employee offers at Pulumi include base salary, bonus or variable, equity and benefits (details below).
Pulumi Benefits:

Health - We offer competitive medical, dental, vision, and supplemental insurance. It is free for our direct employees to be on our insurance.
Time Off - Unlimited personal time off (PTO) we ask that employees take at least 3 weeks off during the year in addition to the two annual company-wide wellness weeks and 13 US holidays.
401K with employer match
Parental Leave - 20 weeks paid parental leave for the birthing parent or primary caregiver, and 16 for non-birthing parent or secondary caregiver.
Remote-First - We are a 100 remote-first company with employees in nearly 20 states, and growing internationally; we encourage asynchronous communication and autonomy. We also provide an annual work from anywhere fund to help cover the employee costs of working remotely.
Professional Development  Growth - We encourage a lifelong learning mindset and every employee is given an annual professional development budget.
Equity - As a small but growing startup, we all act like owners and you will earn equity in the company.
Additional Funds - We offer employees a monthly wellness fund to be spent on anything physical andor mental wellbeing related. We also provide a quarterly happiness fund to be used toward anything that makes our employees happy! 

About Pulumi:
Pulumi is reimagining how developers and DevOps teams create and manage cloud software, through a unique combination of developer tools and system innovation. The company leads with an open source platform that embraces real programming languages, tools, and techniques, and offers an innovative SaaS product that helps teams collaborate.
Pulumi was founded in 2017 by developer and cloud experts from many corners of our industry to deliver innovative approaches to cloud software development. Since emerging from stealth in mid-2018, we are accelerating our platform momentum and product adoption. The team is built on a culture of openness, diversity, respect, and thinking big.
At Pulumi, we dont just accept difference, we look for it, celebrate it, support it, and thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our customers. Pulumi is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.