Who we are
Pulumi is realizing the vision of cloud engineering: building tools and services that enable every developer to program the cloud using the tools and practices they already know. We lead with an open source platform that embraces real programming languages, tools, and techniques, and offers an innovative SaaS product that helps teams collaborate. Cloud native leaders like Snowflake and CockroachDB as well as innovators like Mercedes-Benz RD North America use Pulumi to make cloud infrastructure their competitive advantage. 
Pulumi helps developers and infrastructure engineers tap into the vast world of cloud servicesfrom AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud to Datadog, GitHub, Auth0, Rancher, and moreand create production-grade, repeatable infrastructure. 
Pulumi is headquartered in Seattle, WA. This role can be in Seattle or remote.
About the role and the team
Were looking for a highly technical Product Manager to define the future of our core Pulumi infrastructure-as-code product, including the Pulumi SDK, CLI, and the Automation API.
In this role, youll combine a broad knowledge of cloud and developer technologies with a deep understanding of our developer and ops customers. Youll combine that customer understanding with your own past experience building apps or creating infrastructure to be the voice of the customer when working with engineering. Youll define, prioritize, and ship features that delight our users and deliver on the vision of cloud engineering. And, youll be working with a diverse and globally distributed team along the way.
You will

Partner with the CEO and CTO to define the product vision for the Pulumi infrastructure-as-code product and manage the roadmap for delivering on that vision
Work closely with one or more engineering managers to deliver steady progress on your roadmap while balancing engineering and tech debt investments
Build a deep understanding of Pulumis customers to understand how they do cloud engineering and what their unmet needs are
Collaborate with UX design and engineering to create, specify, and deliver innovative and impactful solutions to our customers needs
Own features from idea to successful adoption, working with marketing, customer success, sales, and our community to ensure that features arent just built, but also used and loved by our customers
Turn plentiful data into insights that inform our decision making
Define the right input and output metrics to measure the success of features we build and create a feedback loop from these metrics back into your product vision and roadmap

To be successful in this role

You have 8 years of engineering, product management, program management, or equivalent experience
Youve used and are deeply familiar with modern cloud software development practices like containers, Kubernetes, and serverless
You have strong technical abilities and a track record of delighting customers with elegant solutions to complex and ambiguous technical problems
You have built and actively participated in inclusive team environments
You clearly communicate both verbally and in writing

Nice to have

You have previous work experience delivering software or creating and managing infrastructure
You have demonstrated experience working with disciplines like Sales, Marketing, and Support
You have experience contributing to open source projects or managing an open-source community 
You have experience creating developer tools or working closely with DevOps teams

You have experience entering a new area, immersing yourself in data and details, and building a strong understanding and point of view



Compensation

Base Salary Hiring Range: 180,500 to 227,850
All full time employee offers at Pulumi include base salary, bonus or variable, equity and benefits (details below).
Pulumi Benefits:

Health - We offer competitive medical, dental, vision, and supplemental insurance. It is free for our direct employees to be on our insurance.
Time Off - Unlimited personal time off (PTO) we ask that employees take at least 3 weeks off during the year in addition to the two annual company-wide wellness weeks and 13 US holidays.
401K with employer match
Parental Leave - 20 weeks paid parental leave for the birthing parent or primary caregiver, and 16 for non-birthing parent or secondary caregiver.
Remote-First - We are a 100 remote-first company with employees in nearly 20 states, and growing internationally; we encourage asynchronous communication and autonomy. We also provide an annual work from anywhere fund to help cover the employee costs of working remotely.
Professional Development  Growth - We encourage a lifelong learning mindset and every employee is given an annual professional development budget.
Equity - As a small but growing startup, we all act like owners and you will earn equity in the company.
Additional Funds - We offer employees a monthly wellness fund to be spent on anything physical andor mental wellbeing related. We also provide a quarterly happiness fund to be used toward anything that makes our employees happy! 

About Pulumi:
Pulumi is reimagining how developers and DevOps teams create and manage cloud software, through a unique combination of developer tools and system innovation. The company leads with an open source platform that embraces real programming languages, tools, and techniques, and offers an innovative SaaS product that helps teams collaborate.
Pulumi was founded in 2017 by developer and cloud experts from many corners of our industry to deliver innovative approaches to cloud software development. Since emerging from stealth in mid-2018, we are accelerating our platform momentum and product adoption. The team is built on a culture of openness, diversity, respect, and thinking big.
At Pulumi, we dont just accept difference, we look for it, celebrate it, support it, and thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our customers. Pulumi is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.