We are looking for a passionate Senior Technical Content Engineer to educate Pulumis rapidly growing community on infrastructure as code best practices and how best to maximize use of the Pulumi platform to achieve success in building modern cloud infrastructure. You will be a part of realizing a vision where every engineer can program the cloud.
In this role, you will create high-quality and deeply technical developer documentation that empowers Pulumis users to code the cloud. Youll focus on enhancing customer productivity, reducing friction and improving the satisfaction within our open source and customer community. Youll work closely with our engineering team, product managers and community engineers to ensure our documentation, examples, tutorials, blogs are of the highest quality. You will have the opportunity to shape our developer documentation strategy and directly impact the success of our docs platform.
At Pulumi you will be challenged, learn, teach, and collaborate with an elite team of great people.
While Pulumi is headquartered in Seattle, WA., we are dedicated to being a remote first company. This role can be located remotely in the United States or EMEA area. 
In This Role You Will:

Author, manage, and update a comprehensive set of documentation materials including but not limited to online guides, tutorials, how-tos, and reference docs.
Write blog posts or whitepapers that offer architectural guidance, analyze varying technological viewpoints, and illustrate patterns and concepts around infrastructure as code. 
Create the technical curriculum and content (e.g., tutorials, workshops) to get customers from a 100 to 400 level.
Improve, and maintain consistency in Pulumis style guide across all facets of our developer documentation, covering guides, how-tos, reference materials, and code samples.
Conduct peer reviews for content submitted by other technical authors, offering constructive feedback to ensure the highest standard of quality and consistency is upheld across all documentation.
Engage with our community to provide help and ensure we are meeting the needs of our users and customers
Define, document, and share infrastructure as code best practices and create open source, reusable Pulumi components which will be used by the platform engineering community.

This role spans our entire open source platform, across many clouds (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, and Kubernetes), supporting any number of industry standard languages (JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, Go, etc,), and scenarios (containers, serverless, and infrastructure). We can safely guarantee that you will always be learning something new!
Were Looking For Someone With:

4 years as a software or devops engineer, with minimum of 1 years documenting products for a developer audience
Demonstrated experience in a variety of technical writing domains, including the creation of developer documentation, the structuring of content for enhanced readability and comprehension, the communication of complex technical concepts, and the application of narrative storytelling techniques
A deep sense of empathy for developers, ranging from beginners to experts, and a thorough understanding of their documentation requirements and learning preferences. Your approach should accommodate the diverse needs of our developer community, making our platform accessible and appealing to all
Excellent interpersonal, written, editorial and verbal communication skills.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or equivalent.
Experience in one or more of the following technologies:

Languages: Go, JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, or C.
Cloud Platforms: Docker, Kubernetes, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform.


Compensation:

Base Salary Hiring Range - Senior Level: 152,00 - 198,000
Base Salary Hiring Range - Principal Level: 180,500 - 220,000
All full time employee offers at Pulumi include base salary, bonus or variable, equity and benefits (details below).
Pulumi Benefits:

Health - We offer competitive medical, dental, vision, and supplemental insurance. It is free for our direct employees to be on our insurance.
Time Off - Unlimited personal time off (PTO) we ask that employees take at least 3 weeks off during the year in addition to the two annual company-wide wellness weeks and 13 US holidays.
401K with employer match
Parental Leave - 20 weeks paid parental leave for the birthing parent or primary caregiver, and 16 for non-birthing parent or secondary caregiver.
Remote-First - We are a 100 remote-first company with employees in nearly 20 states, and growing internationally; we encourage asynchronous communication and autonomy. We also provide an annual work from anywhere fund to help cover the employee costs of working remotely.
Professional Development  Growth - We encourage a lifelong learning mindset and every employee is given an annual professional development budget.
Equity - As a small but growing startup, we all act like owners and you will earn equity in the company.
Additional Funds - We offer employees a monthly wellness fund to be spent on anything physical andor mental wellbeing related. We also provide a quarterly happiness fund to be used toward anything that makes our employees happy! 

About Pulumi:
Pulumi is reimagining how developers and DevOps teams create and manage cloud software, through a unique combination of developer tools and system innovation. The company leads with an open source platform that embraces real programming languages, tools, and techniques, and offers an innovative SaaS product that helps teams collaborate.
Pulumi was founded in 2017 by developer and cloud experts from many corners of our industry to deliver innovative approaches to cloud software development. Since emerging from stealth in mid-2018, we are accelerating our platform momentum and product adoption. The team is built on a culture of openness, diversity, respect, and thinking big.
At Pulumi, we dont just accept difference, we look for it, celebrate it, support it, and thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our customers. Pulumi is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.