Pulumi is looking for a passionate Senior Product Marketing Manager to explain Pulumis cloud programming model to the world. You will be a part of realizing a vision where every developer can program the cloud.  
The Product Marketing Manager role will focus on helping users understand how Pulumis technologies can make a big difference to their business. You will have the opportunity to define the strategy for how we communicate the next generation of infrastructure as code technologies to users. You will be responsible for defining our positioning and messaging to developers and technical decision makers, creating the most compelling content to help them understand the use cases and value propositions, and building the right programs to increase awareness and adoption.
Expect to be challenged, learn, and collaborate with a phenomenal team of interesting people.
Responsibilities:

Own the development of the value propositions, core content, marketing, and go-to-market strategies for Pulumi products
Craft  develop compelling audience-specific messages and tools (solution videos, customer success stories, demos, presentations, landing pages, etc.)
Work with engineering teams to distill key functionality and benefits into core product marketing messages
Identify and execute on breakthrough product marketing activities that reach target audience effectively
Work effectively across product management, sales, and developer advocacy

Basic Qualifications

5 years of relevant work experience in technology marketing
A Bachelors degree in marketing, business, technology, or relevant field of study such as computer science 
Ability to easily transition from high level strategic thinking to creative and detailed execution
Demonstrated ability to work independently and autonomously
Superior oral and written communication skills

Compensation: 

Base Salary Hiring Range: 150,000 - 185,000
All full time employee offers at Pulumi include base salary, bonus or variable, equity and benefits (details below). 
Pulumi Benefits:

Health - We offer competitive medical, dental, vision, and supplemental insurance. It is free for our direct employees to be on our insurance.
Time Off - Unlimited personal time off (PTO) we ask that employees take at least 3 weeks off during the year in addition to the two annual company-wide wellness weeks and 13 US holidays.
401K with employer match
Parental Leave - 20 weeks paid parental leave for the birthing parent or primary caregiver, and 16 for non-birthing parent or secondary caregiver.
Remote-First - We are a 100 remote-first company with employees in nearly 20 states, and growing internationally; we encourage asynchronous communication and autonomy. We also provide an annual work from anywhere fund to help cover the employee costs of working remotely.
Professional Development  Growth - We encourage a lifelong learning mindset and every employee is given an annual professional development budget.
Equity - As a small but growing startup, we all act like owners and you will earn equity in the company.
Additional Funds - We offer employees a monthly wellness fund to be spent on anything physical andor mental wellbeing related. We also provide a quarterly happiness fund to be used toward anything that makes our employees happy! 

About Pulumi:
Pulumi is reimagining how developers and DevOps teams create and manage cloud software, through a unique combination of developer tools and system innovation. The company leads with an open source platform that embraces real programming languages, tools, and techniques, and offers an innovative SaaS product that helps teams collaborate.
Pulumi was founded in 2017 by developer and cloud experts from many corners of our industry to deliver innovative approaches to cloud software development. Since emerging from stealth in mid-2018, we are accelerating our platform momentum and product adoption. The team is built on a culture of openness, diversity, respect, and thinking big.
At Pulumi, we dont just accept difference, we look for it, celebrate it, support it, and thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our customers. Pulumi is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.