We are looking for a support engineer who is excited to bring Pulumis cloud programming model to the world. You will be a part of realizing a vision where every developer can harness the power of the cloud.
We are seeking a technical and empathetic Support Engineer to join our growing customer operations team at Pulumi. As a founding member of our support team, you will play a crucial role in defining the function while providing technical assistance and support to our ever-growing customer base. You will ensure the smooth operation and optimal utilization of our infrastructure-as-code platform. This is an excellent opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies and be part of a fast-growing company at the forefront of our industry.
At Pulumi you will be challenged, learn, teach, and collaborate with an elite team of great people.
While Pulumi is headquartered in Seattle, WA., we are dedicated to being a remote first company. This role will be located remotely in the United States. 
In This Role You Will:

Provide technical support and assistance to customers via various communication channels (e.g., email, chat, community) regarding IaC best practices and DevOps concepts.
Troubleshoot and resolve customer issues related to infrastructure deployments, configuration management, automation, and other infrastructure-as-code topics.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including engineering, product, and sales to identify and resolve complex technical and business issues.
Actively contribute to the creation and maintenance of technical documentation, including FAQs, knowledge base articles, and troubleshooting guides.
Stay updated with the latest trends and best practices in IaC, DevOps, cloud services (AWS, Azure, GCP, K8s) and related technologies.
Participate in on-call rotations to provide after-hours support when necessary.
PLUS: Certification(s) in relevant technologies, such as AWS Certified DevOps Engineer, Azure DevOps Engineer Expert, or Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA).

Were Looking For Someone With:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
Minimum of 5 years of experience in a related field, with a strong focus on infrastructure as code and DevOps.
Proficiency in infrastructure-as-code concepts and tools, such as Pulumi (experience with Pulumi is a plus).
In-depth knowledge of cloud service providers, including AWS, Azure, GCP, and Kubernetes.
Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills, with the ability to analyze and resolve complex technical issues.
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to effectively convey technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Self-motivated and able to work independently as well as collaboratively in a team environment.
Strong attention to detail and a commitment to delivering high-quality customer support.

Compensation:

Base Salary Hiring Range: 70,750 - 130,250
All full-time employee offers at Pulumi include base salary, bonus or variable, equity and benefits (details below). 
Pulumi Benefits:

Health - We offer competitive medical, dental, vision, and supplemental insurance. It is free for our direct employees to be on our insurance.
Time Off - Unlimited personal time off (PTO) we ask that employees take at least 3 weeks off during the year in addition to the two annual company-wide wellness weeks and 13 US holidays.
401K with employer match
Parental Leave - 20 weeks paid parental leave for the birthing parent or primary caregiver, and 16 for non-birthing parent or secondary caregiver.
Remote-First - We are a 100 remote-first company with employees in nearly 20 states, and growing internationally; we encourage asynchronous communication and autonomy. We also provide an annual work from anywhere fund to help cover the employee costs of working remotely.
Professional Development  Growth - We encourage a lifelong learning mindset and every employee is given an annual professional development budget.
Equity - As a small but growing startup, we all act like owners and you will earn equity in the company.
Additional Funds - We offer employees a monthly wellness fund to be spent on anything physical andor mental wellbeing related. We also provide a quarterly happiness fund to be used toward anything that makes our employees happy! 

About Pulumi:
Pulumi is reimagining how developers and DevOps teams create and manage cloud software, through a unique combination of developer tools and system innovation. The company leads with an open source platform that embraces real programming languages, tools, and techniques, and offers an innovative SaaS product that helps teams collaborate.
Pulumi was founded in 2017 by developer and cloud experts from many corners of our industry to deliver innovative approaches to cloud software development. Since emerging from stealth in mid-2018, we are accelerating our platform momentum and product adoption. The team is built on a culture of openness, diversity, respect, and thinking big.
At Pulumi, we dont just accept difference, we look for it, celebrate it, support it, and thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our customers. Pulumi is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.