We are looking for a passionate Solutions Engineer to bring Pulumis cloud programming model to the world. You will be a part of realizing a vision where every developer can program the cloud.
As an early member of our Customer Experience team, you will assume immediate responsibilities in Enterprise service delivery engagements, embedding with the worlds most advanced cloud engineering teams, providing industry-leading technical guidance, and producing exemplary deliverables.  Were looking for a professional able to collaborate with customers and across the business to build out the processes, systems, and structures that will support Pulumis service delivery and growth. This is a customer-facing engineering role where your contributions to customer engagements will quickly establish and underpin reference architectures and cloud best practices. Our Customer Experience team is focused on helping Pulumi Enterprise and Born in the Cloud customers rapidly execute and optimize their usage of Pulumi across all of their cloud projects and teams.
Expect to be challenged, learn, teach, and collaborate with a world-class team of great people.
Pulumi is headquartered in Seattle, WA. This role is remotely based. We are committed to our remote workforce and building a cohesive team.
In This Job You Will:

Demonstrate curiosity, creativity, acumen and technical excellence as the lead Pulumi technical resource in complex cloud engineering projects at Pulumi customers.
Write quality code Pulumi code deliverables that can be immediately consumed in production scale, business critical cloud operations.
Learn and be responsible for deliverables and reference architectures spanning programming languages, infrastructure providers, and open source and commercial cloud services.
Act as a trusted advisor and an extension of some of the most sophisticated cloud and platform engineering teams in the world.
Be a Subject Matter Expert in a specific domain related to DevSecOps, cloud providers, development best practices andor solutions architecture.
Provide timely, responsive and collaborative engagement with your assigned accounts; coordinating with distributed teams to accomplish asynchronous objectives and tasks.
Partner closely with Pulumi leadership to build repeatable engagement and delivery models that delight our customers and expand resources under management as we expand the team and our capabilities
Close the loop between customers, product, and engineering teams, championing the product to the customer, and bringing their requirements to the roadmap.
Be challenged, solve new problems, teach about our technologies, and figure out new, better ways to delight our customers.

To Be Successful In This Role, You Have:

8 years of experience in complex software engineering or highly relatable functions involving scoping, prioritizing, and managing cloud architecture and engineering deliverables.
5 years in a customer-facing role, including experience organizing and managing customer engagements, expectations, outcomes, and emotions both proactively and reactively. 
Deep familiarity with core web infrastructure, application modernization, and software development best practices, Open Source technologies, and public and private cloud platforms.
Proficiency in using at least one Infrastructure-as-Code tool (eg. Pulumi, Terraform, AWS CDK), and should be comfortable authoring readable maintainable code in one or more of the following; Go (Strong preference) Python, TypeScript, Java.
Relentless focus on customer success and meeting the needs of present and future customers.
Drive to creatively influence revenue and pride in the growth of the business channels.
Experience building positive professional relationships with developers and executives.
Impeccable written, verbal, and in-person communication skills.
Professionalism, attention to detail, and strong follow-up.
Comfort working with ambiguity, charting a course, and driving to execute.

Compensation:

Solutions Engineer - Base Salary Hiring Range: 115,000 - 143,000
Solutions Architect - Base Salary Hiring Range: 147,000 - 190,000 
This role will include a 30 commissionvariable along with base salary. 
All full time employee offers at Pulumi include base salary, bonusvariablecommission, equity and benefits (details below). 
Pulumi Benefits:

Health - We offer competitive medical, dental, vision, and supplemental insurance. It is free for our direct employees to be on our insurance.
Time Off - Unlimited personal time off (PTO) we ask that employees take at least 3 weeks off during the year in addition to the two annual company-wide wellness weeks and 13 US holidays.
401K with employer match
Parental Leave - 20 weeks paid parental leave for the birthing parent or primary caregiver, and 16 for non-birthing parent or secondary caregiver.
Remote-First - We are a 100 remote-first company with employees in nearly 20 states, and growing internationally; we encourage asynchronous communication and autonomy. We also provide an annual work from anywhere fund to help cover the employee costs of working remotely.
Professional Development  Growth - We encourage a lifelong learning mindset and every employee is given an annual professional development budget.
Equity - As a small but growing startup, we all act like owners and you will earn equity in the company.
Additional Funds - We offer employees a monthly wellness fund to be spent on anything physical andor mental wellbeing related. We also provide a quarterly happiness fund to be used toward anything that makes our employees happy! 

About Pulumi:
Pulumi is reimagining how developers and DevOps teams create and manage cloud software, through a unique combination of developer tools and system innovation. The company leads with an open source platform that embraces real programming languages, tools, and techniques, and offers an innovative SaaS product that helps teams collaborate.
Pulumi was founded in 2017 by developer and cloud experts from many corners of our industry to deliver innovative approaches to cloud software development. Since emerging from stealth in mid-2018, we are accelerating our platform momentum and product adoption. The team is built on a culture of openness, diversity, respect, and thinking big.
At Pulumi, we dont just accept difference, we look for it, celebrate it, support it, and thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our customers. Pulumi is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.