We are looking for a passionate Enterprise Account Executive to bring Pulumis cloud engineering products to the world. You will be a part of realizing a vision where every developer can program the cloud.
Pulumi has strong GTM momentum due to our established OSS PLG motion with a significant portion of our clients and revenue coming from the EMEA region. Our level of investment in customer engagement and support has led to a consistent, productive demand generation funnel and efficient pipeline building for our Account Executives. As an Enterprise Account Executive you will be responsible for prospecting and closing new business while expanding on this business over time. You will identify, nurture and close opportunities with both new and existing customers, manage forecasts and track customer data. Were strong proponents of a consultative sales approach - learn about the customers needs first before talking about products. Your expertise will be critical in helping articulate the value of our products. 
Most importantly, at Pulumi you will  be challenged, learn, teach, and collaborate with a fun team of people building an amazing culture together.
This role is remote, but we gather quarterly and monthly time permitting. Located in UK ideal, but open to other EMEA regions.
In This Job You Will:

Close business to meet and exceed monthly, quarterly and annual bookings objectives
Proactively prospect, identify, qualify and develop a sales pipeline
Evaluate, qualify and convert incoming leads, gathering information and following up with appropriate decision makers
Build strong and effective relationships, resulting in growth opportunities
Work closely with Customer Success Managers and Professional Services team to achieve customer satisfaction
Facilitate customer engagements; helping connect customers to the right internal and external resources to follow up and close deals.
Know our products, competitive landscape and sales pitch to deliver the right messaging to the right audiences.
Look for and implement improvements to sales processes, tools, and materials.

To Be Successful In This Role, You Have:

4 years field experience of quota-carrying experience in a fast-paced and competitive market with a focus on new business
Demonstrated ability to articulate the business value of complex enterprise technology
A track record of overachievement and hitting sales targets
Skilled in building business champions and running a complex sales process
Previous Sales Methodology training (e.g. MEDDPICC, SPIN, Challenger Sales)
Familiarity selling infrastructure Software as a service (SaaS) products, devops and open source technology a plus
Driven and competitive: Possess a strong desire to be successful
Skilled in managing time and resources; sound approach to qualifying opportunities
Possess aptitude to learn quickly and establish credibility. High EQ and self-aware
Passionate about growing your career around an established market with a ton of momentum in software (Infrastructure as Software) and 
Developing and maintaining an in-depth understanding of Pulumi products
Drive to build a business, hunger to find and close deals, and pride in the growth of the business.
Relentless focus on customer success and meeting the needs of present and future customers.
Experience building positive professional relationships with developers and executives.
Impeccable written, verbal, online and in-person communication skills
Fluent in English. Fluent or conversational in German and French a plus
Pulumi Benefits:

Health - We offer competitive medical, dental, vision, and supplemental insurance. It is free for our direct employees to be on our insurance.
Time Off - Unlimited personal time off (PTO) we ask that employees take at least 3 weeks off during the year in addition to the two annual company-wide wellness weeks and 13 US holidays.
401K with employer match
Parental Leave - 20 weeks paid parental leave for the birthing parent or primary caregiver, and 16 for non-birthing parent or secondary caregiver.
Remote-First - We are a 100 remote-first company with employees in nearly 20 states, and growing internationally; we encourage asynchronous communication and autonomy. We also provide an annual work from anywhere fund to help cover the employee costs of working remotely.
Professional Development  Growth - We encourage a lifelong learning mindset and every employee is given an annual professional development budget.
Equity - As a small but growing startup, we all act like owners and you will earn equity in the company.
Additional Funds - We offer employees a monthly wellness fund to be spent on anything physical andor mental wellbeing related. We also provide a quarterly happiness fund to be used toward anything that makes our employees happy! 

About Pulumi:
Pulumi is reimagining how developers and DevOps teams create and manage cloud software, through a unique combination of developer tools and system innovation. The company leads with an open source platform that embraces real programming languages, tools, and techniques, and offers an innovative SaaS product that helps teams collaborate.
Pulumi was founded in 2017 by developer and cloud experts from many corners of our industry to deliver innovative approaches to cloud software development. Since emerging from stealth in mid-2018, we are accelerating our platform momentum and product adoption. The team is built on a culture of openness, diversity, respect, and thinking big.
At Pulumi, we dont just accept difference, we look for it, celebrate it, support it, and thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our customers. Pulumi is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.