We are looking for a passionate AI Engineer excited to help us invent the future of how developers use AI to build and manage Cloud Infrastructure. You will be a part of realizing a vision where every developer can harness the power of the cloud.
As an AI Engineer at Pulumi, you will independently drive product and infrastructure initiatives that apply modern AI capabilities (LLMs, model fine-tuning, data systems and more) to the Pulumi platform.  You will build the future of the Pulumi AI product, as well as the integration of AI capabilities into Pulumis open source CLI and SDKs and the Pulumi Cloud.
We are looking for a seasoned and deeply technical engineer, versed in cloud and cloud infrastructure, with a strong AIML background and familiarity with applying new advances in generative AI to new product experiences.
At Pulumi you will be challenged, learn, teach, and collaborate with an elite team of great people.
While Pulumi is headquartered in Seattle, WA., we are dedicated to being a remote first company.
Responsibilities:
Our team builds and maintains pulumi.comai and owns AI research at Pulumi. We empower thousands of companies using Pulumi to program the cloud and safely deploy infrastructure every day.
On any given day at Pulumi you might find yourself: 

Creating new interfaces using generative AI for users to deploy infrastructure with Pulumi.
Developing vector databases and embeddings to serve our customers unique needs.
Fine tuning a model to generate better code using Pulumis unique semantics.
Writing evals or building new test harnesses for benchmarking LLMs.
Driving AI projects across various parts of the Pulumi product surface area, including the open source CLI, collaborating with partner teams to light up magical experiences for customers.
Building infrastructure and systems to support scalable, performant and cost-effective delivery of AI capabilities across our products.

Were Looking For Someone With:
Were hiring motivated engineers from senior to principal, but it helps if you have experience and excitement in these areas:

Traditional AIML, or
Applying generative AI as part of product offerings (prompt engineering, model fine-tuning, retrieval-augmented generation and more).
Empowering everyone to build applications in the cloud with AI.
Designing APIs, SDKs, developer tools.
Using TypeScript to build web applications, full stack or backend.
A product mindset, focus on driving users and contributors to success.
Experience with deployment orchestration and infrastructure as code tools.
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal.

Compensation:

Base Salary Hiring Range: 180,500 to 227,850
All full time employee offers at Pulumi include base salary, bonus or variable, equity and benefits (details below).
Pulumi Benefits:

Health - We offer competitive medical, dental, vision, and supplemental insurance. It is free for our direct employees to be on our insurance.
Time Off - Unlimited personal time off (PTO) we ask that employees take at least 3 weeks off during the year in addition to the two annual company-wide wellness weeks and 13 US holidays.
401K with employer match
Parental Leave - 20 weeks paid parental leave for the birthing parent or primary caregiver, and 16 for non-birthing parent or secondary caregiver.
Remote-First - We are a 100 remote-first company with employees in nearly 20 states, and growing internationally; we encourage asynchronous communication and autonomy. We also provide an annual work from anywhere fund to help cover the employee costs of working remotely.
Professional Development  Growth - We encourage a lifelong learning mindset and every employee is given an annual professional development budget.
Equity - As a small but growing startup, we all act like owners and you will earn equity in the company.
Additional Funds - We offer employees a monthly wellness fund to be spent on anything physical andor mental wellbeing related. We also provide a quarterly happiness fund to be used toward anything that makes our employees happy! 

About Pulumi:
Pulumi is reimagining how developers and DevOps teams create and manage cloud software, through a unique combination of developer tools and system innovation. The company leads with an open source platform that embraces real programming languages, tools, and techniques, and offers an innovative SaaS product that helps teams collaborate.
Pulumi was founded in 2017 by developer and cloud experts from many corners of our industry to deliver innovative approaches to cloud software development. Since emerging from stealth in mid-2018, we are accelerating our platform momentum and product adoption. The team is built on a culture of openness, diversity, respect, and thinking big.
At Pulumi, we dont just accept difference, we look for it, celebrate it, support it, and thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our customers. Pulumi is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.