We are looking for experienced software engineers that are excited to bring Pulumis cloud programming model to the world. You will be a part of realizing a vision where every developer can harness the power of the cloud.
The Providers team works at the intersection between cloud technologies (AWS, Azure, GCP, Kubernetes) and developer platforms (programming languages, APIs, and application lifecycle), helping to define the future of what it means to program the cloud.
In this team you will be working on building and expanding the Pulumi ecosystem. This includes (but is not limited to!) building Pulumi providers, creating higher level components for the Pulumi ecosystem, and helping to enable the Pulumi community to build their own providers.
Expect to be challenged, learn, and collaborate with a world class team and our amazing developer community.
While Pulumi is headquartered in Seattle, WA., we are dedicated to being a remote first company. This role can be located remotely in the United States or EMEA. 
In This Role You Will Be:

Helping expand the Pulumi ecosystem with providers and higher level libraries that interact with the larger cloud and DevOps tooling ecosystem.
Interacting with a distributed team and the Pulumi open source community to determine roadmaps, scope features, and improve documentation.
Evolving the existing platform by guiding standards, and bringing a fresh perspective for improvements.
Building the software needed to be able to support the Pulumi community and ecosystem.
Help mentor and foster good development practices both within the team and the wider Pulumi community

Were Looking For Someone With:

Familiar with Go andor have an interest in learning new programming languages
Have an understanding of the cloud infrastructure ecosystem (e.g. AWS, GCP, Azure, Kubernetes)
Care about delivering value for customers and users
Have experience with deployment orchestration and infrastructure-as-code tools
Have a strong interest in building the next generation of developer tools that help build real world solutions
Have 5 years of professional software development experience

Compensation:

Base Salary Hiring Range: 166,250 - 206,150
All full time employee offers at Pulumi include base salary, bonus or variable, equity and benefits (details below).
Pulumi Benefits:

Health - We offer competitive medical, dental, vision, and supplemental insurance. It is free for our direct employees to be on our insurance.
Time Off - Unlimited personal time off (PTO) we ask that employees take at least 3 weeks off during the year in addition to the two annual company-wide wellness weeks and 13 US holidays.
401K with employer match
Parental Leave - 20 weeks paid parental leave for the birthing parent or primary caregiver, and 16 for non-birthing parent or secondary caregiver.
Remote-First - We are a 100 remote-first company with employees in nearly 20 states, and growing internationally; we encourage asynchronous communication and autonomy. We also provide an annual work from anywhere fund to help cover the employee costs of working remotely.
Professional Development  Growth - We encourage a lifelong learning mindset and every employee is given an annual professional development budget.
Equity - As a small but growing startup, we all act like owners and you will earn equity in the company.
Additional Funds - We offer employees a monthly wellness fund to be spent on anything physical andor mental wellbeing related. We also provide a quarterly happiness fund to be used toward anything that makes our employees happy! 

About Pulumi:
Pulumi is reimagining how developers and DevOps teams create and manage cloud software, through a unique combination of developer tools and system innovation. The company leads with an open source platform that embraces real programming languages, tools, and techniques, and offers an innovative SaaS product that helps teams collaborate.
Pulumi was founded in 2017 by developer and cloud experts from many corners of our industry to deliver innovative approaches to cloud software development. Since emerging from stealth in mid-2018, we are accelerating our platform momentum and product adoption. The team is built on a culture of openness, diversity, respect, and thinking big.
At Pulumi, we dont just accept difference, we look for it, celebrate it, support it, and thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our customers. Pulumi is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.