We are looking for experienced software engineers that are excited to bring Pulumis cloud programming model to the world. You will be a part of realizing a vision where every developer can harness the power of the cloud.
You will be an important contributor to the Pulumi open source platform across programming models, cloud APIs, core infrastructure deployment engine, distributed systems primitives and more. Youll work at the forefront of the intersection between cloud technologies (AWS, Azure, GCP, Kubernetes) and developer platforms (programming languages, SDKs, and application lifecycle), changing the way developers everywhere write cloud applications.
Expect to be challenged, learn, and collaborate with a world class team and our amazing developer community.
While Pulumi is headquartered in Seattle, WA., we are dedicated to being a remote first company. This role can be located remotely in the United States or Europe. 
In This Role You Will:

Design and build open-source Pulumi SDKs in multiple programming languages.
Provide appropriate test coverage, clearly document design choices, ensure great performance, reliability, and maintainability of your code.
Lead projects from concept to completion: collaborate with fellow engineers and customers to prototype, design, engineer, and test new features.
Determine roadmaps and scope features based on your interaction with the team and the open source community.
Contribute to the Pulumi community: engage with users to gather feedback, produce new sample content, and increase excitement about what were building.

Were Looking For Someone With:

Experience in designing APIs, SDKs, developer tools.
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal.
Experience in multiple programming languages such as Go, TypeScript, Python, Java, C, Rust, Kotlin, Scala, Haskell, Ruby, F, Lisp.
Systematic problem-solving approach, first principles and critical thinking skills, good design sensibilities.
Mindset of a community builder, focus on driving users and contributors to success.
Understanding of compilers, graph algorithms, data structures, and software architecture.
Experience building and running services in platforms such as Kubernetes, AWS, Azure, Google Cloud.
Experience with deployment orchestration and infrastructure as code tools.

Compensation:

Base Salary Hiring Range: 166,250 - 206,150
All full time employee offers at Pulumi include base salary, bonus or variable, equity and benefits (details below).
Pulumi Benefits:

Health - We offer competitive medical, dental, vision, and supplemental insurance. It is free for our direct employees to be on our insurance.
Time Off - Unlimited personal time off (PTO) we ask that employees take at least 3 weeks off during the year in addition to the two annual company-wide wellness weeks and 13 US holidays.
401K with employer match
Parental Leave - 20 weeks paid parental leave for the birthing parent or primary caregiver, and 16 for non-birthing parent or secondary caregiver.
Remote-First - We are a 100 remote-first company with employees in nearly 20 states, and growing internationally; we encourage asynchronous communication and autonomy. We also provide an annual work from anywhere fund to help cover the employee costs of working remotely.
Professional Development  Growth - We encourage a lifelong learning mindset and every employee is given an annual professional development budget.
Equity - As a small but growing startup, we all act like owners and you will earn equity in the company.
Additional Funds - We offer employees a monthly wellness fund to be spent on anything physical andor mental wellbeing related. We also provide a quarterly happiness fund to be used toward anything that makes our employees happy! 

About Pulumi:
Pulumi is reimagining how developers and DevOps teams create and manage cloud software, through a unique combination of developer tools and system innovation. The company leads with an open source platform that embraces real programming languages, tools, and techniques, and offers an innovative SaaS product that helps teams collaborate.
Pulumi was founded in 2017 by developer and cloud experts from many corners of our industry to deliver innovative approaches to cloud software development. Since emerging from stealth in mid-2018, we are accelerating our platform momentum and product adoption. The team is built on a culture of openness, diversity, respect, and thinking big.
At Pulumi, we dont just accept difference, we look for it, celebrate it, support it, and thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our customers. Pulumi is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.