BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
The DFM Firmware Team plays a crucial role in designing and developing the Direct Flash Module (DFM)  a key module of Pures Flasharray and Flashblade enterprise storage solutions. The DFM is an internally designed enterprise storage device using the NAND flash technology. Compared with the off-the-shelf SSD, the DFM has the competitive advantage of  simplicity, high performance, low cost and scalability.
As a member of the DFM firmware team, youll have rare opportunities to work across various domains, including the entire data path, NAND media management, and low-level hardware interfaces. Our firmware design enables us to quickly integrate the latest NAND technologies from various vendors. We were pioneers in adopting QLC for enterprise storage solutions, releasing the first QLC DFM in 2019. Our proprietary media management policies and algorithms position Pure as a leader in enabling QLC NAND in the enterprise storage industry.
Youll work closely with the Purity software, hardware, NAND, and drive qualification teams. This offers a unique opportunity to learn the latest technologies, including the newest generations of NAND, NVMePCIe, as well as SSD controllers. Firmware development opens doors to experiences in embedded software design, hardware and system integration. Youll develop a comprehensive understanding and gain insights into the entire product development and release process.
What You Will Be Doing
Pure Storage is seeking a full-time Firmware Engineer to join our device firmware team. You will be working as part of a small, but fast growing, dynamic team and will be responsible for:

Designing, implementing, and testing firmware of Pure Storages DirectFlash SSD Modules
Coding and testing in CC and Python
Bringing up and enabling new hardware components including latest NAND and developing low level firmware features
Designing firmware simulation environment, investigating and debugging issues, and developing failure analysis tools and process
Internal development automation including continuous integration, automated unit and regression testing, etc
Working closely with hardware, system software and manufacturing teams

What You Bring to the Team

BS in Computer Science or equivalent
Strong understanding of softwarefirmware test and release processes
Strong experience with Nand, Flash, andor SSD Device Firmware Development
Experience using Python, CC  or related programming languages  
Familiar with embedded software or firmware development
Experience with Micro-controllers, SoC, or hardware bring-up
Good verbal communication  collaboration skill.
Must be willing and able to work in an open office, team environment.

You will be based in Bangalore, India. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.