BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.Our Team
We are looking for YOU! - a motivated and experienced Senior Sales Operations Analyst to join our team! As a Sales Operations Analyst, you will be responsible for supporting all sales operations activities, including sales forecasting and making sure sales teams are appropriately maintaining accurate sales activity records. The Sales Operations Analyst will be a valued business partner to the German leadership team and support our German field sales teams to provide timely and accurate analytics to help them manage the teams selling efforts. This is a fast-paced and constantly evolving sales environment that requires excellent communication skills, the ability to multi-task and work under and towards a deadline. The Analyst will possess superb analytical skills and the ability to work as a team, not only with the field sales team but also with the EMEA, APJ and US HQ Theatre Ops environment.
SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
Responsibilities

This position will report to the EMEA Theatre Sales Operations Leader and provide operation support to the EMEA AVP, DMs and field sales team
Assist the EMEA Theatre Sales Operations Leader to manage EMEA forecast, pipeline and planning process
Being the sales excellence in the region to ensure the field sales team is properly trained in the processes of order booking, quoting and forecasting
Work closely with the field sales team and regional theater ops team to improve the sale process to drive the sales productivity
Work closely with the country sales leaders to provide timely sales analytics including developing and maintaining sales dashboard, pipeline analysis, forecasting and sales productivity
Work closely with the EMEA sales team to maintain SFDC Hygiene
Assisting in driving all sales orders and approvals through internal processing by engaging with EMEA Ttheater Ops team, Order Management team, Customer Orders team and Logistic team
Work closely with other SOAs to share knowledge, best practices and facilitate standardization across the whole sales organization
You will be based in Munich, Germany. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need

Participate in process and system improvement if requiredUses professional concepts; applies company policies and procedures to resolve a variety of issues.

Tracks and reports on sales performance in terms of districts, market segmentations and business

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

5 years working experience in a Sales Operations, Finance or other analytical role for EMEA market
Working experience for a foreign high technology company is a PLUS
Bachelors degree in Business or Finance
Strong analytical skills is required
Proficiency in PC skill, particularly in MS Office, Clari and SFDC
Advantage for having Tableau skills but not a must
Excellent communication skills
Strong interpersonal skill and an ability to work under pressure
Business fluent in German and English

 
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.