BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.BUSINESS STRATEGY AT PURE...
What makes this team unique in contrast to other opportunities? Here at Pure Storage employees get a much wider exposure to strategy development and market execution. This team is closely aligned with both the Sales and Finance organizations and presents strategic guidance directly to top management. Business Strategy works closely with product management, engineering, finance, marketing and many other teams to develop partnership strategies, influence product vision, and establish go-to-market plans. The successful candidate will have 360 visibility to all aspects of business management - from strategic planning to deal execution, from initial strategic idea to full go-to-market implementation.
WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING...
We are looking for a highly talented commercial professional with exceptional problem solving skills to join our Business Strategy team. The successful candidate will be responsible for managing commercial decision making and growth initiatives within Pure Storages EMEA Theatre and occasionally for initiatives that touch the whole company. This role is both strategic and tactical: it supports daily as well as strategic decision making. The role will require timely collaboration between multiple, passionate stakeholders for urgent, time-sensitive decisions.

Develop a strong understanding of Pures business model, competitive landscape and products
Review incoming deals for accuracy, fitness and alignment with policies and strategic initiatives
Understand common deal patterns and drive pricing and monetisation strategies to win deals
Provide day to day decisions that guide the business towards companys long term goals
Support complex deal engagements, creatively structure and model deals and coordinate internal approvals for them 
Trusted advisor to EMEA sales and sales leadership on commercials, sharing insights and trends on key business metrics
Be the go-to Business Partner in cross-functional teams of Sales, Finance, Legal and Product Management - shaping and analysing large and complex deals to maximise key business metrics
Stay abreast of disruptive playersvendors entering the market
Analyse market trends and customer feedback to anticipate customer needs, features, and functional requirements from which the product, engineering, technical and development teams can design, build, test and implement new products and offerings
Support EMEA commercial policy and investmentsgrowth projects
Collaborate and present to functional leaders on a regular basis. Anticipate business questions by proactively developing targeted analysis, and support quarterly business reviews with local sales leadership
Work closely with cross functional teams including corporate functions in California
Maintain a confident, well informed point-of-view to challenge conventional or entrenched views
Work on larger Global strategic deals including Pure subscription offering that involve senior management. Play a role in wider stakeholder reviews and presenting large company impacting deals to HQ and the executive team
Manage complex deal engagements, creatively structure and model deals and coordinate internal approvals for them including management of a cross functional team of stakeholders from Sales, Finance, Legal and Product Management
Work with Sales leadership to find resolutions to business challenges including large complex competitive deals and shaping country  regional commercial strategy
Drive the execution and operation of day to day activities
Support and guidance to analysts within the team
You will be based in Staines-upon-Thames, Middlesex, United Kingdom. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE TEAM... 

Great business acumen and exceptional problem-solving skills, seeing a challenge through to the end
Collaborative and open style which is proactive and service oriented
Strong analytical and critical thinker with the ability to solve complex problems
Can-do attitude, ability to quickly get up to speed with complex new topic areas, and capable of driving insight to tangible action plans
Ability to thrive in a fast paced dynamic environment
8 years of experience, preferably in the high tech industry, of which 2 years of experience in commercial management, 2 years of experience in a deal desk, product management, or comparable function
Experience working in a Deal Deskcommercial management team
Ability to analyze  recommend the best course of action for complex pricing situations
Knowledge of Storage industry and Storage as a service is highly recommended
Ability to gain and maintain credibility with senior management
Strong and effective verbal and written skills
Storage industry experience a plus

EDUCATION

Quantitative undergraduate degree (e.g. business, finance, economics, science, engineering, or a related field)
MBA highly beneficial
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.