BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.Pure Storage Acquired Portworx in October 2020, Creating the Industrys Most Complete Kubernetes Data Services Platform for Cloud Native Applications. This acquisition represents Pures largest to date and our deeper expansion into the fast-growing market for multi-cloud data services to support Kubernetes and containers.
Press Release - September 16, 2020

Role Description: 
At Portworx by Pure, our product enables stateful containers in production, and weve been recognized as a Gartner Cool Vendor. Our technology encompasses a distributed storage platform and integrated controls with container schedulers such as Kubernetes, Mesosphere, Rancher, Nomad, and Docker Swarm. Our diverse customer base ranges from Global 2000 enterprises to cloud-native startups, running workloads on-premises and in public clouds. 
Should you accept this challenge
This is a senior technical role within the Technical Services COE team. As a Portworx Forensics Engineer (FE), you will need to tackle the most intricate and challenging customer issues, serving as the final support tier before escalation to development. You will offer technical expertise and troubleshooting assistance to Technical Service Engineers (TSEs) to resolve our most complex cases. If an issue persists or requires a code fix, you will effectively engage and communicate with development resources to identify root cause and present findings to our TSEs and customers to ensure timely resolution with the highest quality of service. The primary aim of this role is to minimize escalations to the Development team, identify opportunities for improvement, and to prevent future escalations from occurring. 
This position is well-suited for a support professional with robust interpersonal skills, seeking a dynamic, high-performance, entrepreneurial work environment. The ideal candidate should embrace the unpredictable nature of daily work in a rapidly expanding business. 
What you bring to the team:

Offer technical expertise throughout all phases of the Portworx case management process for issues encountered in the field.


Provide initial code review and analysis of current issues. 


Resolve escalated service requests while maintaining a high level of service engagement, communication, and composure.
Collaborate with customers and cross functional team members to troubleshoot and resolve escalated cases. 
Act as the conduit between Technical Services and Engineering teams. 
Proactively identify and resolve systemic issues in the field. 
Mentor and coach TSEs and cross functional team members. 
Assume ownership of communications for assigned issues, ensuring clarity and professionalism.
Share and document knowledge through FAQKB articles, both internal and customer-facing. 
Manage multiple projectssupport cases concurrently. 
Participate in a weekly on-call rotation. 
Thrive as a team player in fast-paced and startup environments.

What you will bring to this role:
Were looking for candidates with experience in supporting SaaS environments with a background in compute infrastructure, storage infrastructure, and container ecosystems, both on-premise and in the cloud. Technical expertise with one or more cloud providers (such as AWS, GCP, or Azure) is essential. Proficiency in Portworx, Kubernetes, Docker, Tanzu, VMware container solutions (CKA certification is required). Experience with one or more devops tools like Ansible, Chef, Puppet, Terraform is required. 
Your experience in a senior-level customer-facing role, providing various levels of technical guidance, will be pivotal. Furthermore, your ability to communicate effectively and work closely with our Product Development team for customer escalations will greatly contribute to the success of this role. You will be expected to resolve customer problems and escalations using appropriate resources. 
Minimum Qualifications (Education and Experience): 

Bachelors degree in Computer Science (Masters preferred) or a minimum of eight years of experience in customer-facing technical support work. 
Experience in supporting SaaS products, with working knowledge of Portworx. 
Demonstrated working experience supporting vSphere, Kubernetes, Containers, and Public Cloud platforms.
Strong written, verbal, and collaboration skills.


Strong understanding of GoLang.
Minimum of 2 years experience in supporting production applications either on premises or in a cloud environment.
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.