BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
We are seeking a forward-thinking Technical Architect who will spearhead the design and development of Large Language Models (LLMs) and Chat AI applications. As a key member of our team, you will leverage your deep technical expertise and vision to architect solutions that will shape the future of human-AI interaction.
WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE:

Collaborate with a cross-functional team to design, develop, and deploy new chatbot applications.
Integrate our models into various platforms, applications, and interfaces.
Continuously research and implement best practices in user experience and conversational design.
Optimize performance, scalability, and responsiveness of applications.
Provide technical feedback and insights during product iteration cycles.
Maintain code integrity and organization.
Conduct tests and troubleshoot to ensure application stability.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

8 years of software development experience in AIMLLLM used in a product or research program.
Bachelors degree or Masters degree in Computer Science
Proficiency in Python and familiarity with deep learning frameworks (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch).
Proficiency in writing complex SQL queries for PostgreSQL or MySQL
Strong understanding of REST and GraphQL APIs, web services, and integration methods.
Understanding of JavaScript and TypeScript

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Expertise in training, fine-tuning, and deploying models in real-world applications. Specific experience with fine-tuning processes and tools for large-scale models is highly regarded
Expertise in designing user-centric conversational flows, understanding user intents, and crafting contextually relevant responses.
Experience with Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) methods or other techniques that combine retrieval and generation in AI systems.
Hands-on experience with vector databases such as Weaviate, Milvus, or Pinecone, understanding the nuances of efficient storage, and quick retrieval of high-dimensional vectors.
Experience with patterns and techniques for integrating private data into Large Language Models (LLMs). Understanding of differential privacy and other mechanisms to ensure data privacy during the training phase.
Expertise in fine-tuning LLMs and applying methodologies to adapt models to specific tasks without compromising the models integrity or security.
Skills in optimizing and deploying large-scale search and retrieval systems.

You will be based in Santa Clara, CA. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
The annual base salary range is: 176,000-264,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.