BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark. 
PURE IN PRAGUE
We opened our RD Second Home (besides the one in Silicon Valley) in Prague in January 2020 and since then we have experienced unbelievable growth. Our Engineers are solving complex engineering problems (from low-level system software to cloud computing) that help us innovate our cutting-edge products. Besides our world-class Software Engineering teams, we have many other talented colleagues working in Product Management, Sales, Finance, and HR to name a few. Whats more, weve developed these teams from talent across the globe.
DX organisation
In Digital Experience, our goal is to deliver the ultimate in fleet management simplicity. In the last four years, Pure1 has consistently extended its services and now provides full-stack analytics and AI-driven predictive intelligence through a SaaS-based business model. Pure1 enables the customers journey to the hybrid cloud by offering a single pane of glass to manage data assets on-prem and in the public cloud. In addition to that, we are offering a variety of as-a-Service solutions to solve modern customer needs.
Services developed in DX form the unifying manageability and intelligence layer on top of all Pure products - FlashArray, FlashBlade, Portworx and more to come. It is the nexus of our promise of a simple customer experience, providing insights and tools to help make our customers lives better. 
Optimus Team
The mission of the Optimus team is to keep our cloud infrastructure cost under control. Our activities encompass the whole spectrum of cloud FinOps initiatives including setting up guidelines and best practices, developing fine-grained cost monitoring, anomaly analyses, trend projections, or driving concrete technical improvements to decrease our cloud footprint.
 
IN THIS ROLE YOU WILL BE

Working with stakeholders like Finance, Leadership, Product Management or Engineering to understand their cloud infrastructure costusage awareness needs
Identifying, designing and building costusage reports needed by the above mentioned stakeholders or your team in BI tools, spreadsheets and alike, using the data collected in the warehouse
Reporting cloud infrastructure cost  usage to the above mentioned stakeholders
Identifying data required for the reports and working with the engineers in the team to retrieve it  get it ingested into our data warehouse
Pointing out blind spots in our data and identifying data requirements that will help us improve future reports and analyses
Helping engineers in the team organize and document cloud infrastructure cost  usage data in the warehouse
Monitoring  analyzing our cloud infrastructure costs  usage to identify and document spikes, trends, their drivers
Identifying and assessing cloud infrastructure cost optimization opportunities, helping ensure that they are acted on
Popularizing the usage of the produced reports, helping other teams understand this data, train them on it

 
WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

Advanced knowledge of SQL
Experience with reporting tools like Power BI, Tableau, Google Sheets and alike
Familiarity with Python (scripting, data analysis)
Ability to drive improvements in reporting, data quality, etc.
Focus on detail, very good communication skills, curiosity
Ability to thrive in a highly collaborative and team-oriented environment
Must be willing and able to work in an open office, team environment

 
AND YOULL SHINE IF YOU KNOW ABOUT THESE...

Reporting financial data
Cloud (AWSAzureGCP) infrastructure (understanding of the environment, basic concepts, platforms, cost structure)
Understanding of software engineering environment
Structuring  documenting data in relational databases

 
 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.