BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.
In this role, youll:

Develop an exhaustive understanding of what drives a customers business and what motivates their decision making
Connect the dots from technology solutions, inclusive of the Pure Storage portfolio and others from the ecosystem, to measurable customer business outcomes
Partner closely with account managers, specialists and channel partners to create a seamless and holistic customer experience and strategy to drive revenue growth and net new business
Passionately bring to light the advantages of a Pure Storage solution
Refine sales strategy and tactics, taking command of technical responsibilities
Delight customers and teammates with your technical leadership and domain expertise on storage products, distributed storage architectures, file systems, and competitive storage offerings in the DAS, NAS and SAN product spaces
Take control of evaluations,  benchmarks and system configurations
Build and deliver technical product and architecture presentations with vigor to customers and lock in the technical win with clients and prospective accounts
Capture requirements and translate Customers business needs into innovative solutions to accelerate their growth and capacity
Author responses to RFI  RFPs
Seek out and spur new opportunities for interoperability, functional, and performance testingvalidation
Promote mutual roadmap and planning exchanges
Liaise with product and technical marketing to produce materials (i.e. whitepaper, web presentations) that support overall alliance plans and objectives
Stay current with the competition and ensure that materials accurately reflect the latest, differentiated solution positioning
Move with market trends and competitive landscape to promote thought leadership within our organization
Lead by example living the Pure Values:  Persistence, Creativity, Teamwork, Ownership and Customer-first  

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

Creativity, empathy, an open mind, curiosity and a desire for continuous learning
Pre-sales experience is required for customers in Australia
5 or more years of relevant experience, mixed among technology, design, and communications required. Experience supporting the sales of enterprise storage, networking, systems, cloud, or software to enterprise accounts preferred
Deep understanding of the architecture, design and implementation of multi-tiered clientserver and web-based computing solutions
Prior experience in targeting new prospects and converting them into clients
Contribute significant portions andor lead responses to RFPs, RFQs and RFIs
Superior knowledge of current and emerging storage architectures (FC, iSCSI, NAS, OSD, SAN)
Linux, NFS file systems and Linux distributed network environment
Familiarity with AWS, Azure, GCP a plus
Installationconfiguration of distributed computing, multiprocessing, virtual memory subsystem, storage subsystems architecture, shared memory architectures, cache architectures, windowing systems
Familiarity with containers, k8s and microservices architectures a plus
Strong knowledge of digital transformation to a Cloud Native architecture, On-Prem, Public Cloud, Provisioning Automation, and Containers
Knowledge of VMware, Local Area Networking, Ethernet, TCPIP and general networking
Excellent verbal and written interpersonal skills
BS in CS, EE or other technical degree andor equivalent experience
Must have a familiarity with modern web architecture a plus (LAMP stack, scale-out vs scale-up architectures, AWS well-architected framework, microservices architecture)
Curiosity and passion around technology and explaining and showing new technology platforms and concepts to customers
Familiarity with storage-intensive applications and their requirements such as structured databases (SQL, Oracle) is highly desirable

BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.