BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
Since our founding in 2009, Pure Storage has empowered innovators to build a better world with data. In less than eight years, Pure reached 1B in sales, faster than nearly every enterprise company in history, and our incredible growth continues to outpace the competition.
Our mission? Deliver a simple, evergreen data platform that enables everyone to turn data into intelligence and advantage. The secret sauce? More than 3,000 team members (and growing!) around the world who join forces to invent the next big thing. And then the next one.
The world is experiencing a revolution driven by next-generation technology like AI, machine learning, virtual reality, quantum computing, and self-driving cars—all of which require unprecedented amounts of data. This sets the stage for Pures technology to grow exponentially in the coming years. 
Weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions, and as we continue to gobble up market share, were blazing trails and setting records:

For five straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant for Solid-State Arrays and in 2019, Gartner named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant for Primary Storage.
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a 2019 Medallia Net Promoter Score, certified by Owen CX, in the top 1 of B2B companies.
Pure puts a premium on the future, investing 26 of revenue into RD.

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.
SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
The FlashArray team builds the industrys most innovative, high-performance, and highly available portfolio of products that are designed for the most demanding mission critical applications.  While we deliver a hardware storage array, over 90 of our engineering staff are software engineers. Our customers are the most important part of our business and they love FlashArray for its simplicity of management, the constant flow of new and exciting upgrades, and ability to live on the cutting edge of technology while never taking downtime, ever. Most recently, we extended the value of our FlashArray capabilities into the cloud with CloudSnap and Cloud Block Store for AWS. These new innovations enable our customers to leverage the agility of the public cloud for both traditional IT and cloud-native applications.  What youll be doing:

Ensuring FlashArray product and features ship with the highest quality.
Create System test designs that focus on FlashArray Feature Interoperability at Scale, Automate workflows and find high value defects to assure quality of anything we ship.
Work with Support and Escalation teams to help reproduce and root cause customer issues Identifying, analyzing, and documenting any defects discovered during testing.
Design and build tools that make it efficient to execute and triage a large number of test scripts
Deploy a number of customer applications and integrate them to create repeatable workflows to test customer use cases
Understand the inner workings of features to target specific failure domains in our stack to make the productfeatures fault tolerant and resilient.
Continuously look for test gaps, perform root cause analysis  close loop on customer found defects. 
You will be based in Bangalore, India. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

BS in Computer Science or equivalent.

Mandatory skills:

Minimum of 10 years of System testing experience in Storage and File System.
Hands on automation in Python or similar scripting languages
Virtualization technologies: VMware, Hyper-V, OpenStack, Oracle deployment and customer use cases.

Required skills:

storage protocols Fibre Channel, FCoE, iSCSI, NVME.
Ability to independently deploy and maintain test environments.
Proven analytical and creative problem-solving abilities.
Capable of prioritising multiple projects in a fast-paced environment.
Natural curiosity with excellent written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills.
Must be willing and able to work in an open office, team environment.

BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.