BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine data and storage management experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 9,000 customers including 50 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For eight straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 4,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you say bring it on to challenges that change the world and wear a get things done attitude, here is an opportunity that youd love.
Pure in Bengaluru: Pure Storage is building its first RD site in India. The goal is to build a world-class engineering capability to support our rapidly expanding customer base by leveraging talent in Bengaluru and India
 
WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE
In this role as an Engineering Manager, you will lead a team of engineers, located in Bengaluru, India. You will focus on driving and shaping the direction in enabling our product engineers to deliver high-quality software to our customers. You will provide leadership and technical direction, mentoring to engineers on your team, and collaborate with stakeholders to achieve successful project outcomes. The successful candidate must understand the dynamics of global RD, possess deep knowledge of local culture and have the ability to champion Pure values and leadership attributes. This role requires the ability to lead and influence multiple stakeholders across cross-functional teams. 
 
What you would bring to the team

12 years of combined experience as a software developer and manager

3 years of technical management experience while staying hands-on 
7 years of hands-on software development experience 

Experience in hiring, coaching, and leading a team with senior engineers
Proven expertise in managing projects throughout the entire SDLC, delivering products to market on schedule, and ensuring feedback loops from customers into the development.
TCPRDMA familiarity is a plus
Ability to successfully manage multiple projects simultaneously
Exposure to one or more of the following areas is preferred: distributed systems, systems programming, solving problems at scale. 
Exposure to one or more of the following areas is a plus: Operating Systems, File Systems, Storage
Strong business focus
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Energetic yet empathetic and calm under pressure 

 
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60 of the criteria. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.