BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.Director, Strategy and Corporate Development
Pure Storage is seeking an analytical and business-minded strategy and corporate development professional with broad-based industry experience. The Director of Strategy and Corporate Development will report to Pures VP and Strategy  Corporate Development and will  work directly with with key stakeholders to analyze and synthesize product direction and opportunities, trends in the technology, industry, market and competitive landscapes, and to develop strategic plans to support market growth, competitive strategies, and new investment areas and opportunities.
This high-impact role will also play a critical role in driving Pures Corporate Development function to develop a strong network of industry, VC and startup contacts, and to assess new market opportunities that will expand Pures market size and footprint.
Key responsibilities:

Research and critical analysis of current products and markets, market adjacencies and opportunities, and competitive activity and strategies
Developing strategic execution plans to enhance current products and markets, and drive growth and competitive positioning
Identifying and developing strategic execution plans to pursue new opportunities and adjacencies
Developing and maintain assessments of potential strategic investment, partnership, or MA opportunities aligned to strategic plans
Develop and cultivate a sensing function and network for new startups and technology market entrants and disruptors, aligned to strategic plans

Traits of an ideal candidate:

Strong business acumen and experience in the technology industry
Analytical and data-driven, but forward-looking in thinking and decision-making 
Able to distill complex information and incomplete problem statements into their basic elements and actionable strategies and plans
Highly collaborative, with the ability to work cross-functionally and quickly establish functional work relationships

Qualifications and background: 

7-12 years of experience in  enterprise technology  strategy  corporate development  consulting  investment banking  VC  PE
Proven track record of developing and implementing new business and technology strategies
Strong technical skills and knowledge, and ability to synthesize and understand new areas of technology quickly
Experience with business development, strategic investments and partnership, and MA
Strong industry and VC community network
Excellent communications skills, with the ability to translate complex analysis and information into a clear and concise form

You will be based in Santa Clara, CA. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
The annual base salary range is: 194,000.00  311,000.00 Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.