BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
The Platform Engineering team creates the foundation that enables the industrys most innovative, high-performance, and highly available portfolio of products that are designed for the most demanding mission critical applications. We design, build and deliver hardware products, but over 90 of our engineering staff are software engineers. Our customers are the most important part of our business and they love our products for  the simplicity of management, the constant flow of new and exciting upgrades, and ability to live on the cutting edge of technology while never taking downtime, ever. Pures product portfolio enables our customers to leverage the agility of the public cloud for both traditional IT and cloud-native applications.
Direct Flash Module (DFM)  is the key storage module in PUREs Flasharray and Flashblade Enterprise storage solutions. The DFM is an internally developed enterprise-class storage device using NAND flash technology, and is designed by the Datastore team. 
What youll be doing:

 Develop tools to support the qualification process for Enterprise SSDs


Brainstorm methods and procedures to evolve the teams effectiveness with drive and system level demonstrations
Define  Develop Test platform architecture  Test automation solutions
Developmaintain software infrastructure to aid in the maturation of SSD firmware and hardware
Proactively definedevelop SW tools for SSD qualification, covering FW, HW and media feature validations, diagnosis of field issues etc.

The ideal candidate would be someone who is a team player and perceived as highly skilled in test developmentdebugging for hardwarefirmwaresystem validation needs..WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

5 years experience developing software to validate hardware componentssystems with strong SW  HW debug skills
B.E. or M.E in Electrical Eng, Electronics  Communication Eng, Computer Eng
Strong Python Experience is a must
Exposure to OOP; C experience is a plus.
Experience working with complex data models and analysis
Experience working at enterprise data storage systems, SSD companies or related component vendors.
Knowledge of Flash technologies. Knowledge of SSD controllers, FW is a plus.
Independent ability to devise, implement, automate and refine qualification methods
Strong knowledge of hardware design, storage architectures and storage interfaces.
Experience with failure modes of flash-based devices
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.