BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.PURE IN PRAGUE
We opened our RD Second Home (besides the one in Silicon Valley) in Prague in January 2020 and since then we have experienced unbelievable growth. Our Engineers are solving complex engineering problems (from low-level system software to cloud computing) that help us innovate our cutting-edge products. Besides our world-class Software Engineering teams, we have many other talented colleagues working in Product Management, Sales, Finance, and HR to name a few. Whats more, weve developed these teams from talent across the globe.
FlashBlade organization
The FlashBlade organization develops an advanced, all-flash storage solution for consolidating fast file and object data. The Prague Foundation teams work very close to HW and are responsible for some key features regarding the cluster security, availability and robustness. A new aspect to our work is driving initiative that is close to our customers and impacts every level of the FlashBlade organization. This high profile project offloads our support load and gives more control to customer admining over clusters.
IN THIS ROLE YOU WILL BE...

Develop and extend our current orchestration software.
Design components that became bottlenecks in old infrastructure and need new design with our latest release of a new generation of devices.
Focus on testable design. Automation is important.
Robustness of our components is important. We keep ownership of everything we deliver.
Introduce ideas on how to improve.
Open to Python, Bash, ability to understand Java, Golang, C.

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

Self-motivation
Fluency at least in one programming language (preferably Python)

Open mind to learn more about different languages, domains, platforms

Strong troubleshooting capabilities across both software and deployment stacks
Knowledge of application  system design. Ability to learn, adopt, improve.
Strong communication skills and sense of ownership

BENEFICIAL WOULD BE...

Experience with Python, Bash
Ops related experience, scripting languages
Experience with storage products

You will be based in Prague, Czech Republic. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.