BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.This role will be supporting and strengthening the sales organization and its pursuit of company objectives through efficient sales processes and tools.  The successful candidate will champion close working partnerships with internal key stakeholders to ensure the Enterprise sales organization is successful. This position is responsible for driving success within the Enterprise, enabling global sales process and methodologies to ensure Enterprise sales results are maximized. This Leadership position supports the execution of the Enterprise sales strategy. In addition, this person should offer insights and drive sales process innovation to the broader business, drive simplification across the business processes and assist in the development and execution of key strategies for growth.
Responsibilities, Knowledge and Skills

Run-the-business cadence to deliver forecast and quarterly results. Reporting  including bridgegap analysis, waterfall, rep performance (status year to date, forecast, upside, pipeline for balance of fiscal year), slipped deal analysis, etc.
Keep Regional Sales Director ahead of business issues, specific to forecast and quarterly results, and concerns to proactively address versus reactively address
Co-lead pipeline pod to drive inspection, identify areas for improvement and project manage actions plans resulting from increased inspection on the pipeline
Jointly build the plan for growth within the Region, set KPIs to track progress and provide insights into areas of weakness and success
Develop and lead cross functional initiatives as required by the business
Coach and mentor sales leaders through rollout of new systems  processes
Proactively identifies opportunities for sales process improvement
Be the trusted advisor for the sales team through meaningful leadership, transparent  insightful reporting, and proactive time to resolution(s)
Drive operational excellence by developing a personal brand of trust, knowledge, and leadership by providing solutionresolutions to problemschallenges
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written form
Ability to design and implement processes
Outstanding at structuring, interpreting, and presenting analysis
Strong problem solving and collaboration skills
Provide recommendations on business process improvements
Own all sales metrics reporting, analysis and action plans
Support sales teams to resolve conflicts around account management and territory alignment
Analyze current-state trends compared to historicals and provide recommendations based on forward-looking indicators to provide insights to the Enterprise Segment

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

10 years working experience in a Sales Operations, Finance or other analytical role
Bachelors degree in Business or Finance
Strong analytical skills is required
Proficiency in PC skill, particularly in MS Office, Clari and SFDC.
Advantage for having Tableau skills but not a must
Excellent communication skills
Strong interpersonal skill and an ability to work under pressure

You will be based in New York. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
The annual base salary range is: 141,000-212,000.  Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information.
 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.