BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
The Pure Business Group (PBG) Technical Writing team is seeking a technical writing professional who is looking for an opportunity to break into a world-class technology company.
The right candidate for the job is creative, proficient at writing, ready to learn, and eager to solve customer problems. To excel in this role, you must be self-motivated, highly organized, and good at working in a team-oriented environment. 
Working with an experienced team of writers, you will help build and maintain a variety of documentation deliverables that contribute to customer success.
WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING

Get to know all about Pure Storage software products.
Write software documentation for system administrators and developers, taking full responsibility for an assigned set of documents. Documentation deliverables include user guides, online help, release notes, and REST API documentation.
Work with UX to improve GUI content and with developers to edit error messages and CLI instructions.
Use DITA to write and categorize your documentation topics.

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

Excellent writing, editing, and verbal communication skills in English.
Strong technical writing skills. Ability to quickly grasp complex technical concepts and make them easily understandable in text and images.
Experience writing in accord with a style guide.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills. Be able to forge relationships and work collaboratively with fellow writers, software engineers, product managers, QA engineers, and support personnel.
Strong organizational skills. Be able to handle multiple tasks concurrently and deliver content in a timely manner, sometimes under tight deadlines.
Willingness to work in an activity-based workplace.
Pride in creating quality content.
Energy and a sense of humor!

YOUR QUALIFICATIONS

5 years of technical writing experience in a software environment.
Experience with technical authoring tools, HTML, XML, UNIXLinux, and REST APIs.
Experience working in a highly collaborative (Agile) environment.
Curiosity and resiliency that you use to solve problems and produce results.
Writing samples and participation in a writing test are required for consideration.
Bachelors degree.
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.