BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.Why Pure
Were here with the humble aspiration to accelerate the speed of human progress with our radically simple, all-flash enterprise storage technology. Were inspired by our belief that storage isnt just a place to put things, its a powerful strength to be unleashed - a strength that will remove the limitations on those building the world of today, so they can erase the word impossible from tomorrow. Our all-flash storage solutions offer radically simple technology to help companies unlock their future possibilities, today.
Our founders created the company with a passion to build storage technology customers love and deliver it with simplicity and service that fundamentally changes the enterprise storage experience. Founded in 2009, our record revenue growth has landed us among a very select group of companies. Today, customers and industries across the world are experiencing the benefits of going Pure - from Barclays to Linkedin.com and ConocoPhillips, Pure adopters cover a broad spectrum from global consumer brands, to healthcare, education and finance. 
Our Team
Puritans come from various backgrounds and we thrive off of challenging the norm. This cross pollination of backgrounds led to numerous ground breaking ideas and has helped us build one of the most reliable and easy to use storage systems in the industry. We aim to hire the best and brightest people, who excel in a cutting edge, fast paced, collective and open environment. We are seeking enthusiastic individuals to solve real world problems while having fun along the way.



Our Inside Sales Team
The Inside Sales Organisation is where our company mission begins. The ISO serves two critical functions: 1) increasing Field Sales productivity by establishing qualified customer appointments, and 2) developing future sales leaders for field assignments.
Pures Sales Development Program represents a guided path to developing sales expertise while offering career advancement through demonstrated achievement. This program includes new hire on-boarding, mentor program, ongoing product and sales training, and daily opportunities to collaborate with peers and experts in the industry. It emphasises a high performance culture by establishing high activity habits, prospecting skills, writing skills, introductory call structures, sales and presentation skills. Inside Sales is a path to future opportunities for candidates eager to develop and invest their time, talents and energies in a hyper-growth, highly ambitious enterprise technology company firmly rooted in Silicon Valley and leading one of the most significant technology transitions occurring today: the transition from disk to flash storage.
Pure Storage and our Inside Sales Organisation thrive on a constructive, encouraging culture. We work hard and play hard! Successes are broadly shared and recognised while responsibility for individual performance remains a daily expectation. Individual accomplishments are rewarded but collaboration and teaming is the lifeblood of ISO.
We have grown at records speeds and are looking to continue building our team of incredible talent with dynamic, ambitious energetic sales professionals looking to excel in their careers and help drive impact at Pure Storage.






We are seeking an accomplished Inside Sales professional for our growing market. This ideal candidate should have a proven ability to penetrate a targeted account base, create net-new opportunities, and exceed quota. The successful candidate will be bright, highly motivated, enthusiastic, professional, eager to learn and with a proven track record of succeeding. They are responsible for sales activities ranging from: prospecting targeted accounts, sourcing leads, qualifying opportunities, working with channel partners, and presenting initial virtual presentations to prospective clients and partners. You will be the first point of contact for prospects and will have a direct impact on the success of the company through your ability to effectively drive new business. This role is based out of Pure Storages EMEA headquarters in Staines, UK.
What you will be doing

Prospect to identify net new opportunities
Identify, qualify and set appointments for field counterparts
Deep understanding and research on key target accounts
Work closely with Field Marketing to develop outbound call campaigns
Help progress opportunities as needed and directed with field AE
Handle project upsells and renewals as needed.
Qualify and respond to daily marketing generated leads
Help drive attendance to scheduled partner events via email andor calls
Work closely with Account Executive field sales to identify sales targets, initiatives and penetrate new accounts
Work with Channel on outbound prospecting campaigns with partners
Communicate early and often with Marketing on strategy, lead generation, lead programs
Continually keep up with current storage trends, companies, news releases, and competitor news
Daily use of sales enablement tools including but not limited to Salesforce.com, Discover.org Gmail, LinkedIn, Insidesales.com
Approximately 5-10travel for tradeshow events, Enterprise Briefings and customer visits

What you bring to the team

Consistent track record of exceeding quota and penetrating net-new accounts
Ability to efficiently manage and prioritise various sales-related activities and fluently adapt to shifting priorities
Ability to clearly communicate Pure Storage business value to varying roles in an IT organisation
Excellent English and Swedish verbal and written communication skills
Strong organisational skills and effective time management
Demonstrated ability to optimise performance and drive results in a fast-paced environment
Minimum 1 year experience in sales, preferably storage
BABS Degree required




Culture  Perks
Pure is a very special place. What makes and keeps us special is who we recruit to join us and how we work together. Our culture was shaped organically as our early team poured their heart and soul into Pures first generation product and supporting our early customers and partners. We expect each employee to approach their job at Pure with the same level of pride and care, and perpetuate the values that are making us the best storage company in history.
At the centre of those values is the belief that the single most important thing we do is continue to hire the best and create a workplace where they thrive and enjoy. To reward our employees for the great work theyre doing we offer a number of perks and benefits, including:

Flexible vacation - take time off when you need it
Extraordinary medical benefits with 100 employer paid premiums
Free lunches, dinners, and fully stocked snacks  beverages
Travel opportunities
Regular socials, team events and celebrations
Hybrid working

You will be based in Staines, UK. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.