BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
As Product Manager in Pures Cloud Native Business Unit (Portworx), this role will be responsible for expanding our market leading container storage offering - Portworx Enterprise. Your focus will be to  align on themes and feature prioritization, distillation of features into user stories, ensuring Engineering can execute stories by working with the UX team and meeting the definition of ready, day-to-day prioritization, engagement in customer calls, and owning the overall execution. You will be part of the larger initiative that shapes how customers build new age application platforms using cloud native services.
WHAT YOULL BE DOING...

Lead the market leading product into the next stage of growth by shaping the roadmap in key areas of simplicity, automation and scalability.
Represent the customer for the Portworx Enterprise product and help identify new use cases and requirements by understanding customer pain points and business value drivers.
Collaborate with engineering, UX, and the overall Product Management organization to elevate the product experience and bring new capabilities to the customers.
Work closely with the stakeholders in roadmap execution by driving grooming sessions and handle day-to-day prioritization when new work should be planned  backlog needs attention 
Follow the lean startup methodology to ensure that the productmarket fit is constantly measured, product direction continues to delight customers and velocity of execution remains high
Align with the leadership team to establish the scope and goals of the effort and provide leadership for the program teams
Assist the go-to-market team in showcasing product capabilities through blogs, demos,webinars and solution briefs.

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

5 years of experience in product management and 10 years of experience in building EnterpriseCloudSaaS products
Demonstrated ability to take charge of tough problems, attacking them from different angles and bring together a diverse array of stakeholders on the same page and drive great business results. 
Broad understanding of the cloud native services in areas of storage, data management, backup and security
Good knowledge of how cloud-native technologies like Kubernetes are transforming the infrastructure landscape and prior experience with cloud infrastructure technologies
Ability to define the right metrics, track and refine them and extract insights to drive decision making. 
Ability to operate in a fast-paced, agile development environment and manage multiple, concurrent priorities and projects
Bachelors Degree in Information Systems Management, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent, Masters DegreeMBA a plus
Must be willing and able to work in an open office, team environment.

You will be based in Santa Clara. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
The annual base salary range is: 152,000  229,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-HYBRID, LI-ONSITEBE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.