BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.PURE IN PRAGUE
We opened our RD Second Home (besides the one in Silicon Valley) in Prague in January 2020 and since then we have experienced unbelievable growth. Our Engineers are solving complex engineering problems (from low-level system software to cloud computing) that help us innovate our cutting-edge products. Besides our world-class Software Engineering teams, we have many other talented colleagues working in Product Management, Sales, Finance, and HR to name a few. Whats more, weve developed these teams from talent across the globe.
FlashBlade organization
The FlashBlade organization designs an advanced all-flash storage solution tailored for consolidating both fast file and object data. In collaboration with all internal engineering teams, we deliver reliable services that bolster and streamline the development cycle of new products and features. This is achieved by minimizing repetitive manual tasks. Our top priority is the automation of triaging failed test jobs based on the generated logs.
We are looking for engineers who have a mix of software and systems skills, are passionate about building great products, and have experience building tools, services, and automation to manage and improve our services.
IN THIS ROLE YOU WILL BE...

Collaborate with team members across different teams and time zones to create high quality customer outcomes.
Develop and extend internal tools to support Pure developers needs.
Design, operate, maintain, and troubleshoot the solutions to avoid bottlenecks and keep the infrastructure robust and reliable. We keep ownership of everything we deliver.
Focus on testable design. Automation is important.
Open to Python, Bash, Golang.

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

Demonstrated coding ability in one of the following languages GoJavaPython.
Understanding of Linux systems.
Experience with containers and container orchestration systems such as Docker.
Experience with build and test infrastructure (Jenkins)
Demonstrated experience in design, implementation, delivery, and maintenance of software systems.
Systematic problem-solving approach, strong communication skills, and a sense of ownership and drive.
Well organised, with ability to prioritise tasks independently, set goals and follow through in order to see them to completion. 

BENEFICIAL WOULD BE...

8 years as a Software engineer, DevOps Engineer.
Experience with ReactJS.
Experience with PostgreSQL, Kafka, RabbitMQ, Redis, Consul.
Experience working with Infrastructure as Code tools (Ansible)

You will be based in Prague, Czech Republic. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.