BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.In this role your primary responsibilities will include:

To work with our service providers to prepare statutory accounts for 30 entities covering EMEA, APJ and LATAM under local GAAP. 
To manage year-end statutory audits from planning through to completion. 
To work closely with Pures tax department to ensure corporate tax compliance filings are completed on time. 
To identify areas of improvement in the statutory process and implement such changes as are necessary to achieve efficiencies.
To work with our service providers to prepare statutory accounts for all entities under local GAAP. 
To work with Pures legal department to ensure all corporate governance filings are completed within deadlines. 
To report to key stakeholders on KPIsKey deliverables.
To work with service providers to ensure local books are adequately maintained in countries where required. 
To assist in the statutory reporting setup of new international entities.
To ensure reconciliations between US GAAP and local books are maintained. 
To ensure all other local compliance requirements, surveys etc. are completed.  
To assist with ad-hoc projects as and when they arise. 
You will be based in Dublin,Ireland. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.

What You Bring To The Team

Accounting Qualification achieved in the following or similar bodies - ACCAACACIMA.
3-5 Years relevant Post Qualification Experience. 
Strong understanding of both US GAAP and local statutory accounting principles and experience in US GAAP to IFRSlocal GAAP conversions.
Prior experience in a multinational environment preferred. 
Excellent attention to detail and strong analytical skills.
Presentational and problem solving skills.
Ability to adapt and thrive in a high growth and fast paced environment, and a desire to take on ad hoc projects with an all hands-on deck mentality.
Proficiency with Excel and data analysis skills.
Strong communication skills.

Other Desired Experience

Experience with NetSuiteSAP ERP
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.