BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
You will  join the Portworx team, which is responsible for delivering the highest quality Portworx suite of products. You will be contributing to cleanest code, being customer oriented and putting quality first. You will be involved in developing a new SaaS platform to help provide a secured, consistent best-in-class experience for our customers purchasing and using various Portworx offerings
As a developer in the Portworx team, you will be responsible for design and implementing various features and products on the Portworx portfolio. Your responsibilities include:

Designing and developing SaaS microservices and integrating new features to Portworx products
Bringing a focus on design, development, unitfunctional testing, code reviews, documentation, continuous integration and continuous deployment
Collaborating with peers and stake-holders to take solutions from initial design to production
Take full ownership of design and development activity by adapting to customer feedback and handling issues found in unit testing, system testing and customer deployments
Experimenting with new technologies in order to push the state-of-the-art and innovate new solutions

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

BS in Computer Science or related technical field.
6 years of experience in designing, developing and testing various product components using one or more of the following languages - Go, C,Java preferred.
Good understanding of Microservices Architecture, and SaaS based scalable platforms
Experience designing and implementing high quality, testable, maintainable, optimal, production grade microservices and more often promote it to production environment hosted in cloud by applying knowledge and experience around cloud infrastructure, deployments and continuous integration
Designing and owning micro services to operate and scale in a distributed system architecture
Experience working with multiple stakeholders (internal and external) from product management to customer beta partners in designing highly scalable and production quality software
Proven design sensibility and the willingness to work in a collaborative, team oriented environment
Must be willing and able to work in an open office environment.
Solid CS background in data structures, algorithms and software design

What Can Give You a Head Start 

Knowledge and working experience in Kubernetes and Containers 
Experience building and integrating Authentication (SSO, LDAP) and Authorization (RBAC, OAuth) frameworks
Experience working in E-commerce marketplace integration projects .
Experience working in automating SaaS billing and usage reporting to customers 
Experience working in building systems to obtain Telemetry reports from business services running in production
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.