BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
Pure Storage is seeking an experienced, energetic and highly motivated Global Event Manager to assist with planning and execution of our large Tier 1 events.  The right person has the ideal mix of creativity and logistics, who pays close attention to detail, and knows how to manage all types of events.  
This individual possesses skills in global events and tradeshow management. You know how to manage both onsite and digital events and are familiar with different platforms, working with various marketing teams for event promotions, marketing operations to track progress and the field to drive marketing sourced opportunities. Youll coordinate global and domestic logistics of programs, including event services, budgets, demos, giveaways, program timelines, and marketing materials needed pre- and post-event. You know how to coordinate all the logistics from rooming lists to food and beverage and meeting room set ups and are able and willing to travel to provide on-site event support. You have mad skills in simultaneously managing multiple projects with attention to detail, achieving all deadlines, and performing analysis for each event to determine ROI. You have the ability to coordinate with multiple internal and external stakeholders at all levels, balancing a collaborative approach with the right measure of assertiveness and a customer-first attitude. 
Mental Outlook. You understand the show must go on attitude. Event dates do not move so you are always working to a deadline. This will drive a sense of urgency that you need to be comfortable with as part of your day to day work.
What You Will Be Doing

Contributing to large events and roadshows, support on other internal events
Developing out of the box ideas and industry leading events
Support regular planning meetings in various time zones with internal teams such as product marketing, corporate marketing, and third-party vendors
Manage timelines and deliverables for logisticscreativemarketing teams and ensure critical deadlines are communicated, tracked and met
Assist with food and beverage, evening events, onsite staffing and scheduling, AV, meeting room set ups and other logistical components
Work with  global third-party vendors such as decorator, AV, catering, freight shipping, laborshow unions, and show management
Coordinate on-site setup, support during event and breakdown of events; organize and run after hour events and transportation as required
Manage small events and programs dependent on event team needs and calendar in the form of conferences, c-level events, sponsorship programs, roadshows, etc.

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

Bachelors degree from an accredited four-year institution
Familiarity with digital event platforms
CMP a plus
Cvent proficiency
Ability and flexibility to travel up to 20, and work overtime as needed to attend events and meetings (including weekends)
Physical ability to lift up to 40 pounds
Proficiency with basic computer programs, including Google Suite 
Experience with other technologies: Zoom, SFDC, Marketo, Cvent, Mobile event apps, BriefingSource, Google Workspace, NetSuite, Allocadia
You will be based in Santa Clara. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.

The annual base salary range is: 116,000  174,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-HYBRID, LI-ONSITE, LI-TF1BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.