BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
Pure is looking to hire a Strategic Alliance Director for AI  Analytics to lead Pures worldwide alliance relationships with these organizations resulting in meaningful Revenue contribution and overall strategic success metrics of the partnerships with Nvidia, Splunk, Elastic Search, Snowflake and other AI  Analytics related partners. 
IN THIS ROLE YOU WILL BE EXPECTED TO

Establish and achieve the mutually agreed, key metrics including bookings, pipeline, innovation design wins, and business plan adherence targets.
Develop key executive and field relationships between key Pure stakeholders and our AI  Analytics counterparts.
Build strong internal (Pure) and external (our AI  Analytics Partners) cross functional relationships that drive a seamless technology and market execution plan.
Establish yourself as the trusted, go-to resource for all partnering and customer facing business development opportunities.
Manage the interlock of cross company stakeholders, including sales, marketing, product business units, marketing, legal, operations and other Alliance stakeholders to help drive the key initiatives and objectives 
Develop strategies that allow Pure to capitalize on the emerging trends, strategic direction, and gaps in the portfolios, technology, and related markets.
Establish a strategic and global perspective regarding Pure AI  Analytics go-to-market and routes to market.  
Act as Pures AI  Analytics Alliance spokesperson at key industry wide events globally

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

Bachelors degree or equivalent practical experience leading Alliance specific strategic and operational initiatives.
10 years of professional experience in a role that has consistently achieved revenue and technical business development targets with Alliances.
Proven ability to achieve revenue targets while balancing strategic initiatives.
Existing strong relationships and relationship development skills with key AI  Analytics Partnership executives and business line leaders.
Track record of establishing successful field facing and productBU senior level relationships.
Strong understanding of the operations and motivations of AI  Analytics partners.
Demonstrated ability to develop a deep understanding of Pures product and joint solution offerings, integrations and solutions to articulate a Pure value proposition.
Exceptional communications skills and experience presenting and evangelizing the core messages of the Pure and the AI  Analytics Alliances internally and externally.
Strong business acumen, outstanding communication skills and capability to effectively build relationships with executive leaders in the targeted Alliance ecosystem.
Effective collaboration with multiple cross-functional stakeholders, including sales, alliances, product business units, marketing, legal, operations and other Alliance stakeholders.
Self-motivated team player with expertise working in a fast paced, cross-functional manner.
Must be willing and able to travel where relevant as part of the role.
You will be based in Santa Clara,CA. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.

The annual base salary range is: 184400 293000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
 LI-HYBRID, LI-ONSITEBE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.