BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
The Inbound Marketing, BDR Program Manager is responsible for the synchronized planning, management and optimization of all conversion channels across the Digital Demand Center supporting AMS and EMEA (UK, DE, FR). In this role, you will assess the overall health and performance capabilities needed to drive conversions, qualified leads and pipeline. Your primary focus is to align and streamline all digital channels and innovate to speed lead conversion working across a number of key internal stakeholders including web, paid media, MOPS, salesSDRBDR and field marketing. This role partners closely with SDRBDR leaders and teams to ensure teams are set up to optimize conversion of leads to opportunities.
Key Responsibilities

Inform and enable BDRsSDRs of marketing programs implemented across both theaters of AMS and EMEA that will deliver MQLs.
Work in partnership with productsolution, campaign, and field teams to build and tune the sales engagement playbooks and call scripts leveraged by the BDRSDR teams.
Rationalize and help coordinate and support outbound call campaigns (i.e., GTM Sales Plays, etc.) across sales and 3rd party agencies.
Partner with key stakeholders to operationalize and optimize high intent channels to drive conversions, including Chat, Book a Meeting, and Test Drives.
Accountability to partner with Inbound, Digital, and Field Marketing teams to build, manage and optimize regional Drift playbooks. Explore new avenues to engage prospects using chat.
Conduct an audit of both AMSEMEA localized websites performance for lead conversion across all high-intent channels and build a roadmap to optimize for performance  
Work with Marketing Operations on overall reporting accuracy across dashboards and integrated systems.
Provide insight to campaign and field marketing leadership which programs are generating pipeline, bookings and recommendations to optimize performance. 
Hold bi-weekly reviews with paid, ABM and regional SDRBDR teams to assess opportunities to improve performance and address gaps and issues to increase web conversions; review high-intent funnel dashboard and guide teams where to focus based on data insights
Assess and identify areas for lead funnel conversion improvement, from data insights that inform lead scoring to the lead qualification process and handoff with the sales teams.

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

Strong leader with experience driving data-driven decision making with cross-functional teams to make an impact on revenue and .com performance
Ability to work with web marketing, sales, MOPS, media teams and more to develop and influence strategies that drive .com conversions
KPI focused  analytics-driven
Familiarity with SFDC and lead generation tools and systems
Passion for working at the intersection of digital, sales and marketing for impact
Preferred: french or german second language
Ability to work onsite in our NYC office.

You will be based in New York. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
The annual base salary range is: 127,000  191,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-ONSITE, LI-TF1BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.