BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE
Pure Storage is looking for a Partner Account Manager (PAM) to develop and manage the Reseller and Technology Alliance relationships in the Chicagoland Area. 
The PAM is responsible for the recruitment, development and management of the business relationships with Reseller partners in the region. The successful PAM will work in tandem with the Partner Sales Manager for the Central Region, Regional Sales Directors, District Managers and Account Executive teams to successfully develop and service all partners and prospects within their respective geographyterritory. They will also collaborate with the Channel and Field Marketing team on programs and events designed to promote Pures product and drive revenue to Pure through partners.

Create Strategies and lead team efforts to maximize sell-through of Pure products within Channel
Manage and be the main point of contact for existing partners 
Aggressively drive partners to maximize sales and total partnership potential through sales best practices, training and support 
Manage sales orders and provide status to partner andor manager 
Continually learn about new products and improve selling skills 
Communicate masterfully with partners on new product offerings
Work with marketing to drive programs and events to extend the relationships to new prospects
Keep abreast of competition, competitive issues and products 
Attend and participate in sales meetings, product seminars and trade shows 
Conduct contract negotiations  define and execute partner sales plans 

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE

Demonstrated experience developing Reseller and Distributor Channels
BABA degree in business, marketing or software engineering
Ability to assess, plan, and actively manage a territory to achieve maximum revenue and efficiency
Excellent time management and communication skills
Desire to drive change and evangelize new technologies
Passion for post-sales customer success
Knowledge of the storage industry specifically: Fibre Channel, NFS, and Enterprise Storage architectures
Competitive attitude and strong work ethic with the ability to enthusiastically represent the company
Authenticity and a genuine desire to engage customers and understand their business challenges

The annual base salary range is: 123,600.00 - 185,400.00 Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information.BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.