BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.PURE IN PRAGUEWe opened our RD Second Home (besides the one in Silicon Valley) in Prague in January 2020 and since then we have experienced unbelievable growth. Our Engineers are solving complex engineering problems (from low-level system software to cloud computing) that help us innovate our cutting-edge products. Besides our world-class Software Engineering teams, we have many other talented colleagues working in Product Management, Sales, Finance, and HR to name a few. Whats more, weve developed these teams from talent across the globe
 
ABOUT DIGITAL EXPERIENCE (DX)
In Digital Experience (DX), our goal is to deliver the ultimate in fleet management simplicity. In the last four years, Pure1 has consistently extended its services and now provides full-stack analytics and AI-driven predictive intelligence through a SaaS-based business model. Pure1 enables the customers journey to the hybrid cloud by offering a single pane of glass to manage data assets on-prem and in the public cloud. In addition to that, we are offering a variety of as-a-Service solutions to solve modern customer needs.
Services developed in DX form the unifying manageability and intelligence layer on top of all Pure products - FlashArray, FlashBlade, Portworx and more to come. It is the nexus of our promise of a simple customer experience, providing insights and tools to help make our customers lives better.

 
IN THIS ROLE YOU WILL...
In this role as an User Experience Manager, you will lead a team, located in Prague, Czech Republic. Together with the team of capable designers, you will be driving the vision of the user experience of the future Pure Storage cloud products and helping to shape the future of the Pure Storage design system. You will provide technical direction, mentoring to designers on your team, and others to achieve successful project outcomes, great user experience and product consistency. The successful candidate must understand the dynamics of global RD and possess deep knowledge of local culture while at the same time have the ability to adapt to Pure values and leadership attributes. This role requires the ability to lead and influence multiple stakeholders across cross-functional teams.
WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...
Design leadership requirements:

3 years of experience in a design leadership role, managing and mentoring a team of UX designers.
8 years of hands-on UX design experience in enterprise software, supported by extensive user research, and iterative feedback mechanisms.
3 years of proficiency in strategic UX design aligned with business objectives, with a demonstrated history of guiding products from conception to successful market adoption.
Excellent product design portfolio, demonstrating clear insights, problem solving, and simple solutions.
Expert knowledge of current design and prototyping tools like Figma

Project management requirements:

Ability to successfully manage multiple projects simultaneously
Strong customer focus
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Patient, energetic, and calm under pressure

You will be based in Prague, Czech Republic. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.