BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
About Us:
The Digital Transformation Office is a function critical to the continued success and growth of Pure Storage. Its charter encompasses driving growth and faster business outcomes through IT.
Your Impactful Role:
As the torchbearer of the Pure Storage Corporate IT Technology operations and infrastructure team, you wont just lead; youll redefine whats possible. Heres what youll be doing:

Network Operations: Ensure seamless connectivity, robust security, and effortless remote access across all corporate networks
System Operations: Manage and integrate pivotal back office systems like Okta, Slack, Splunk, and Google G Suite
ITSM: Champion the enhancement and governance of our IT Service Management processes
Service Desk: Lead our service desk operations with unwavering focus on customer satisfaction 
Digital Workplace: Craft an environment where employees can effortlessly connect, communicate, and collaborate, regardless of where they are

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...
A visionary leader, you will sculpt the future of our Corporate IT infrastructure. You will define and communicate a compelling vision for the Pure IT infrastructure and execute to align with our business goals, ensuring scalability and risk mitigation. Collaborate closely with our CISO to embed security into our operations. Find synergies with our Product Engineering Infrastructure head to optimize common functions, policies, and practices.
Desired qualifications:

A seasoned leader with over 15 years in technology operations for medium to large enterprises
Profound expertise in Network and Cloud operations, Employee Helpdesk, and Collaboration services
Hands-on experience with Cloud infrastructure - AWS, Azure, GCP - is an advantage.
Security acumen will set you apart
Proven ability in managing senior stakeholders across functions
Seasoned in vendor management - negotiations, relationships and performance
Exceptional leadership skills, emphasizing influence and collaboration
A stellar communicator, able to engage all tiers of the organization
A team player radiating positivity, capable of motivating and energizing everyone around.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or a related field.
You will be based in Santa Clara, CA. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.

Join us, and shape the next chapter of digital transformation.
The annual base salary range is: 222,000  333,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-HYBRID, LI-ONSITE, LI-TF1BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.