BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
Are you a planner? Do you run a tight ship? Are you an outgoing, detail oriented, and organized communicator looking to join an industry leading team? Pure is looking for you! We are hiring an  Administrative Assistant to support Senior Leaders on the Strategy  Corporate Development and Legal teams. The ideal candidate is a thoughtful communicator, thinks one step ahead, and keeps their cool no matter the circumstance. Attention to detail, and excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills are required. Youll be joining a fun and dynamic global team.  We value collaboration, innovation, measurable results, and learning fast. If youre looking to build something great and to be part of one of the fastest growing companies in Silicon Valley, then come join us!
Requirements:

Provide executive support for multiple Sr. Leaders on the Strategy  Corporate Development and Legal teams (i.e. schedule meetings cross functionally and across geographies, coordinate events, research, special projects,  whatever comes your way!)
Streamlinemanage communication (email, calendar, customers, vendors, etc)
Arrange domestic and international travel
Process expense reports
Liaise between other internal organizations, leaders, etc.
Heavy calendar management  (i.e. schedule meetings cross functionally and across geographies)
Carefully research and arrange domestic and international travel
Process expense reports and create purchase requisitions
Liaise between other internal organizations and work closely with existing teamexec admins
Manage special projects and assignments - whatever comes your way!

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...
Qualifications:

A minimum of 3 plus years supporting senior leaders
Strong organizational skills including the ability to manage calendars and effectively maintain records and files.
Experience in organizing meetings, note taking, preparing and monitoring budgets, assisting with travel and hotel accommodations, and providing general office operations support.
Ability to lead special projects on behalf of the Corporate Development and Legal teams more broadly
Demonstrated ability to achieve high performance goals in a complex and fast-paced environment.
Very strong interpersonal skills and the ability to build and maintain professional, friendly, and cordial relationships with stakeholders, including staff, external partners, vendors, etc.
Highly resourceful team-player with the ability to also be extremely effective independently.
Demonstrated proactive approaches to problem-solving with strong decision-making capability.
Proven ability to handle confidential information with discretion, be adaptable to various competing demands, and demonstrate the highest level of customerclient service and response.
Expert level written and verbal communications. Very high level of attention to detail.
Proficiency in grammar, spelling and proofreading.
Ability to understand and interpret policies and procedures as well as apply them with consistency.
Strong computer skills including proficiency in Google office suite, Concur, Microsoft Office programs; Word, Excel, PowerPoint. Comfortable with a multi-tool environment. (Slack, Google hangouts, ERP, etc) 
AABS Degree in business or related field a plus
You will be based in Santa Clara, CA. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.

The annual base salary range is: 41.35  62.02. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-HYBRID, LI-ONSITE, LI-TF1BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.