BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE... 
The Monetization Team at Pure is the core of our business engine that provides our sales organization with the strategy, tools and support to commercialize Pures highly-differentiated technology sales to our customers while keeping our business model intact. The team works in a highly cross-functional environment to enable various functions to be on the same page with how we want to deliver value while creating value for Pure managing enterprise risk, profitability, and win rates. This entails active engagement from our Deals Monetization team that oversees all pricing proposals working with our sales and channel teams, Subscription Operations and Governance team that oversees the governance, operations, and renewals for our Evergreen Subscription portfolio, and International Monetization Strategy team that focuses on the International growth and expansion strategy to enable the overall corporate strategic plan. Said simply - the team sits between Finance, GTM, and Product, helping drive commercial strategy in alignment with our various business models 
As an extension to this team as well as looking at the growing opportunities in India, we would like to initiate hiring and build for a small team in the India office that will be focused initially on scaling the global team, learn the global business, and work towards becoming a center of excellence for frameworks, operational excellence projects, and direct engagement with the Indian GSIs and sales teams as the business grows. 
 
What Youll Do

Ad hoc data analysis supporting deals, international planning and KPI reporting
Supporting financial planning and strategic objectives with data as well as interpretation, aligned closely to International Strategy team and sales management
Pricing analytics for quarterly reviews
Build standardized Quarterly business review metrics 
Help interpret analysis with business leaders and share actionable insights with varied range of stakeholders
Create and maintain Tableau Cloud reporting
Help reconciliation efforts and work on data integrity within the team and other data teams in the organization
Independently engage with various business leaders in all parts of the organization to help drive decisions with data

Requirements

Minimum of 5 years of related experience with a Bachelors degree; or 3 years and a Masters degree; or a PhD without experience
Business Intelligence background but more focused on interpreting results and providing reporting to enable decision making
Translating business requirements to Tableau dashboards - advanced Tableau skills is a must
Understanding of Snowflake and SQL is essential but can be learned as part of the role
Google Sheet modeling skill is favorable
Analytical skills and strong drive for efficiency and automation of reconciliation processes 
Attention to details but with own ideas to create and improve processes
Good presentation skills

 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.