BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.Pures Customer Experience (CX) Global Strategic Accounts Program was established to drive long-term value through strategic alignment with our most valued global enterprise customers. The Programs core mission is to establish and maintain a trusted advisor business partnership that produces mutual innovation and value creation, resulting in measurable outcomes for our strategic accounts. As a critical leader in the Program, the Global Strategic Account Service Director is responsible for achieving both program and customer target outcomes within the CX organization, including services and support, for assigned account(s).
This position requires someone who is a proven leader of customer experience functions, experienced in building and managing executive customer-facing relationships, proficient in advanced business acumen, composed in the face of customer issues, proven effectiveness in matrix leadership, and capable of envisioning and building operational excellence that generates high customer satisfaction. This role will matrix-lead a team of customer-dedicated team members and liaise with various internal and external teams in order to fulfill defined scopes of work and drive customer outcomes.
What you will be doing: 
Drive Strategic Account Customer Outcomes

Drive outcomes through service leadership to ensure Pure exceeds customer expectations by delivering a world class service experience.  
Partner with sales to execute 1-3 year integrated account plans, and serve as a single point of accountability for assigned customer experience across Pures full services portfolio.
Champion customer requirements and needs into - engineering, quality, roadmaps, service offer development, etc.
Maximize customer loyalty and satisfaction with key customer stakeholders by developing trust-based relationships and driving value in service delivery.
Matrix-lead a team of assigned cross-functional service delivery members to ensure quality and consistency of service provided globally, including Service Account Management (SAM), Designated Service Engineering (DSE), Technical Account Management (TAM), Customer Success Management (CSM) and channel partners.
Manage account-level profitability by identifying new revenue opportunities, driving revenue recognition, managing efficiencies, driving productivity, and managing projects successfully.
Influence (future) lifetime value through improved services adoption, customer satisfaction and overall quality and consistency of services provided.
Increase wallet share among assigned account(s) through value-add services. 
Target 100 renewal rates across assigned account(s)
Build referenceable customers across our portfolio of services 
Develop and implement customer retention strategies to ensure that assigned customers remain loyal to Pure and continue to find value in our products and services.
Partner with designated executive sponsor(s) for assigned account(s) to ensure all executive sponsor objectives and performance outcomes are achieved.
Build relationships with sales account teams, leadership and channel partners in alignment with account goals and objectives.
Partner with SAM team and all key functional owners to manage high-level escalations through critical care programs, ensuring proactive communications and cross-functionalexecutive involvement and influence for swift resolution.

Define and Manage Customer Lifecycle

Design and plan the service experience customer journey (Lifecycle Management) for assigned account(s)
Achieve deep understanding of customer(s) core business needs and goals in partnership with sales, including what the customers customer cares about, and identify opportunities for value co-creation, growth and expansion
Drive and execute account-based innovation to improve customer(s) perception on key value areas (i.e. solution  service value, ease of doing business, continuous improvement, etc.)
Collaborate with designated Executive Sponsor, Sales and service team members to develop and maintain a customer relationship roadmap driving future business decisions and outcomes for service and technology investments.
Create and own cadence for regular customer forward-looking, service-focused strategy sessions across assigned account(s)
Define and communicate the service-focused vision, strategy and plan for assigned account(s) across the organization including, Executive, Product, Sales, Marketing, Finance, IT and CX leadership teams.
Collaborate with sales around service cross-sell and up-sell strategies with a focus on retention, diversification and growth
Align with CX  BU portfolio teams to drive relevant product roadmap priorities for assigned account(s)
Sponsor, communicate and prioritize Continuous Improvement activities and Problem Management trends for assigned account(s), leading to swift root cause analysis and remediationopportunities for improvement
Ensure continuity and quality of communication and reporting across all service functions for assigned Global Strategic Accounts (consistent QBR templates, etc.)
Identify opportunities to establish a company-wide culture of customer-centricity

Measure Effectiveness of Strategic Account Management:

Ownership of Global Strategic Account Program KPIs for assigned account(s) including loyalty, satisfaction, diversification of spend and relationship equity
Build and maintain customer scorecard and success index to reinforce business outcomes against which role effectiveness will be measured
Communicate critical success factors and performance to senior leadership with a view to drive best practice across all Global Strategic Accounts
Maintain World Class CSAT and NPS for assigned account(s)
Build a Voice of the Customer program for assigned account(s) that aligns with Global Customer Advisory Board

What you bring to the team: 
Required:

Bachelors degree in Business, IT, CompSci or equivalent field of study
15 years experience managing global enterprise accounts, large multinational service engagements or equivalent professional experience
Customer-facing, executive-level account leadership experience
Ability to influence through persuasion, negotiation and consensus building
Strong business and financial acumen
Deep understanding of value drivers in recurring revenue business models
Ability to lead and develop large multifaceted teams
Solid analytical skill and process-oriented mindset
Positive attitude, attention to detail and customer service focus
Must be creative, collaborative, constructive
Excellent presentation skills and comfortable sharing thought leadership with Executive stakeholders from Pure, Customers, and Partners
Exceptional written skills and competence with business applications used to construct documents, financial analysis, or presentations
Experience working in a matrix environment.
You will be based in Santa Clara, CA. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.

Nice-To-Haves: 

ITIL Foundations certification or comparable industry certification
Master degree in Business or related field
5 years of experience in the data storage industry


LI-Hybrid LI-RS
-- The annual base salary range is: 167,000  251,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations.
-- This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity.
-- And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.