BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
The Organizational Change Management (OCM) team supports the success of the Digital Transformation Group (DTG) as champions of the human side of change. Our mission is to drive digital transformation within Pure by empowering individuals and teams to embrace change. We deliver change management, learning and development, knowledge management, plus metrics  business outcomes. Serving people is at the heart of our purpose.
We are seeking an OCM Lead who will play a key role in ensuring successful adoption of multiple technology projects. You will develop change management strategies and deliverables, stakeholder engagement, communications, learning solutions, and organization alignment to inspire adoption and usage of technologies.
The ideal candidate will be able to quickly build rapport and trust-based relationships, collaborating effectively across functions globally and exhibiting a drive to foster and empower change management through and through. You will execute with empathy, assertiveness  built upon change management expertise and technical industry knowledge  and have a passion for connecting the dots for impacted users and their leadership. You will drive a consistent drumbeat to ensure people understand the why, and feel prepared and excited for the change.
What Youll Do
Priorities can often change in a fast-paced environment like ours, so this role includes, but is not limited to, the following responsibilities:

Create actionable deliverables to craft holistic, right-sized change strategies 
Develop and lead processes to assess organizational alignment and stakeholder needsimpact of strategic programs and initiatives, defining personas, areas of resistance, motivators, etc.
Design, develop and implement change management strategies and plans in support of DTG programs and projects. Collaborate with program managers to integrate into the overall project plan. 
Serve as facilitator and active, visible Organizational Change consultant, coach, and collaborator with project leads and initiative sponsors, Senior Executives, management, and business unit stakeholders
Manage and direct OCM components of projects, integrating them across project methods (e.g. waterfall, agile) and phases (e.g. planning, analysis, design, implementation, and sustainment phases)
Develop and execute multi-channel communications plans with the support of other related functional teams to prepare, equip and support individuals to successfully adopt change in a new environment or with a new technology
Create and manage measurement systems using targets and key performance indicators to track adoption, utilization, and proficiency of individual and organization-wide changes
Partner with business owners to define adoption and business success
Develop training programs and documentation to help teams implement various practices that would make transitions easier
Facilitate information and training sessions and evaluate effectiveness
Identify resistance and performance gaps to develop, recommend and implement corrective actions using data and metrics to gain feedback and pivot as needed
Identify change risks and develop mitigation strategies that lead to successful adoption and positive ROI
Apply knowledge of project management methodologies, including Agile
Conduct studies and analyses to assess how the changes impact employees, which teams are ready to implement them, and how to proceed
Consult and coach programproject teams on roleresponsibilities and importance of planning for change

Requirements

Minimum 7 years of related experience with bachelors degree; or 6 years with masters degree or equivalent
Prosci Change Management Certification
Experience delivering change in agile operating environments desired
Expertise in executing change management for large scale, enterprise, technology-related programs
PMI or other project management certifications desired
Knowledge and experience applying varied change management principles, methodologies, and agile methodology focused on immersive delivery
Functional breadth in multiple related disciplines such as communications, learning and development, data and metrics, project management, design thinking etc.
Ability to see and articulate the big picture and drill into the details and execute plans
Communicates clearly and precisely, in both written and oral communication, with the ability to engage stakeholders across the organizations, drive consensus and a shared understanding
Sense of accountability to own end-to-end change plans beyond project delivery to ensure we meet our goals
Strong listener who can clearly articulate individuals points of resistance and find creative solutions for addressing them
Ability to think strategically in terms of culture and behavior, business processes and technology and tools
Thrives in a fast-paced environment and can flex and prioritize based on new information and program changes
Natural problem-solver with proven experience working with multiple unique projects and stakeholder groups
Passionate about the people side of change, familiar with the challenges of driving change within a global, hybrid workforce
Willingness and ability to seek opportunities for continuous improvement and to inspire and lead with a change mindset
We are open to Santa Clara or Lehi, UT for this role. Must be able to work onsite at least 3 days a week.

Pure creates opportunities for your development and career growth. 
At Pure, we believe that each Puritan is a leader contributing to the success of our business, regardless of role. We offer an assortment of learning options available to all Puritans, including workshops on leadership, management, career development and more! Were here to change the world and we hope you join us!  
Popular Perks 
Pure offers an unlimited vacation policy, free lunches, meditation rooms, free yoga classes and employee resource groups, such as Pure Equality and Pure Vets, to encourage all of our employees to maintain mind and body wellness. We offer numerous volunteer opportunities for employees to give back not only to the Bay Area, but across the globe. 
https:hrportal.ehr.compureUSWhat-To-Do-WhenLife-EventsJoining-Pure-Candidates 
The annual base salary range is: 141,000-212,000 for the Bay Area. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-UT1 
 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.