BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
The FlashArray team builds the industrys most innovative, easiest to use, high-performance, and highly available portfolio of products that are designed for the most demanding mission critical applications. While we deliver a hardware storage array, over 90 of our engineering staff are software engineers. Our customers are the most important part of our business and they love FlashArray for its simplicity of management, the constant flow of new and exciting upgrades, and ability to live on the cutting edge of technology while never taking downtime, ever. Most recently, we extended the value of our FlashArray capabilities into the cloud with CloudSnap and Cloud Block Store for AWS and Azure. These new innovations enable our customers to leverage the agility of the public cloud for both traditional IT and cloud-native applications.
As Technical Program Manager for the FlashArray team you will:

Work with engineering teams working on buildingdeploying services as well as cross functional non-engineering teams for solution readiness
Be working at every aspect of building, deploying, running, maintaining the cloud solution along with tracking GTM readiness in close partnership of engineering and product leadership
Be working with cross functional teams within BU and across the company to deliver program objectives
Be working with a Partner to manage inter-dependencies, deliverables and schedule. Hold teams accountable for deliverables and schedules. 
Big picture owner providing clarity on what we are trying to accomplish, understanding of the business objectives and driving the outcome for the program
Be the change agent with capabilities to identify and deliver on process changes that would enable faster time to market while driving organization consistency and efficiency.
Drive content, schedule and overall delivery of the program and set it up for success in the fieldcustomer base
Make trade-offs and timely decision, drive accountability for delivery and ensure that the objectives of the program are met
Set goals for the program, track and periodically communicate to stakeholders as well as ensure corrective actionsmitigations as needed
Be the single point person for delivery decisions, exec and cross team communication and working with various functional groups to deliver the program
Optimize team processes to improve quality, productivity, and responsiveness to feedback and changing priorities and set up the program for success in the field
Overcome obstacles by resolving issues, regardless of team boundaries, and identify and resolve teamwork issues

What Youll Need To Bring To This Role...

7 years of experience as a Technical Program Manager; MS in computer science, MBA or engineering management equivalent preferred
Experience delivering production cloud services with high degrees of availability
Working with SRE, PM and Engineering teams to track availability, determine SLA and setting up the incident response workflow from the ground
Proven expertise in managing projects throughout the entire SDLC, including investigation, design, execution and delivering products to market on schedule, and addressing customer feedback in development
Solid project and technical judgment; ability to influence a growing organization
Take ownership of the product experience, quality, and metrics
Solid knowledge of end-to-end best practices
Demonstrated strong analytical and problem solving skills
Outstanding verbal and written communication skills with the ability to interact with technical and non-technical, cross-functional groups

You will be based in Santa Clara, CA. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
 
The annual base salary range is: 152,000 - 277,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information.BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.