BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
We are seeking an exceptional Senior Finance Analyst to support the Marketing organization from our Shared Services Center in Prague.  This role is part of the Go-to-Market Finance team and will work closely with multiple stakeholders across Accounting, Procurement, Operations, Corporate Finance, and the Marketing organization among others.
This role requires a self-starter with strong communication skills, attention to detail, and business modeling skills. This role will focus on developing high quality financial analysis to derive business insights and growth opportunities for the Marketing team, enhancing existing financial models  processes, and be a key team contributor to running smooth close, forecast, and planning cycles. 
What You Will Be Doing

Provide timely close, forecast, headcount key data models with insights, risks and opportunities
Maintain and ensure accuracy when reporting forecast from Alteryx  Allocadia trackers each quarter 
Review and approve international purchase requisitions and accruals
Partner cross functionally with the Partner, Legal, and Accounting teams on Marketing Development Funding, Incentive programs, track efficacy and compliance performance, and maintain Partner ROI models
Strategically partner with Marketing  Procurement teams to provide financial analysis with insights and recommendations to new and renewal contracts
Drive automation in PO, TE, and Budgeting processes by leveraging Lean Six Sigma principles and Digital Technologies
Develop financial models  frameworks that support top line growth and facilitate investment prioritization 
Be the go-to subject matter expert on all things finance for the broader Marketing organization, providing financial insights and direction as needed
Perform ad-hoc projectsanalysis as needed

What You Bring To The Team

BA degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics or equivalent; MBA a plus
2-4 years of experience in FPA
Advanced proficiency in financial analysis and modeling with strong Excel skills
Great systems experience in Excel, Google Sheets, Anaplan, NetSuite, Allocadia, Alteryx, Tableau, Salesforce, or similar systems and tools. High-level experience in methodologies and processes for managing large scale databases. Proficiency in MS Access, SQL, or database programming languages is a plus
Attention to detail when necessary and ability to synthesize large volumes of data and summarize into presentationmanagement views
Ability to manage multiple priorities simultaneously, work well under pressure and adapt quickly to change.
Excellent writtenverbal communication skills, collaborative, positive attitude, and a strong team player
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.