BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
The Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst will be a key member of the Go-To-Market Strategy, BI and Analytics team, leading the development of core business reporting and analytics to drive actionable insights to stakeholders. The analyst will work closely with Sales Operations, Field Sales, Finance, Marketing and Strategy teams to support key business initiatives. This role will require timely collaboration between multiple stakeholders from urgent, time-sensitive decisions to longer-term strategic initiatives.

Gather and document requirements from stakeholders, accurately translating business requirements into technical ones
Develop executive ready reporting and visualizations to provide easy to digest actions out of complex problems
Present work to functional leaders and executives on a regular basis. Anticipate business questions by proactively developing targeted analysis
Communicate regularly with stakeholders to set expectations and progress of current development work 
Responsible for prioritization of business requirements with development teams
Participate in data warehouse design and optimization
Create first interactions or models of business insights
Developing and maintaining key project governance documentation to ensure the proper amount of structure is applied for project success
Help define a roadmap and vision for Business Insights, data and related tools strategy
Assist in assessment and recommendation of the BI tool ecosystem and data tech stack

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

8 years of experience inor supporting Sales or Revenue Operations
BA degree required (degrees in business, financial or analytical fields)
Ability to manage multiple priorities simultaneously, work well under pressure and adapt quickly to change.
Ability to partner cross-functionally, through strong relationship building, influencing, negotiating and communication skills, with all levels of management.
Self-motivated curiosity, sense of urgency, ability to pivot seamlessly between big picture and fine level granularity, and relentless focus on outcomes not activity
Excellent analytical, decision-making, project management, and financial modeling abilities.
Strong communication and story-telling skills, particularly to executive management.
Subject-matter expert in Excel and Tableau (or similar BI tools) used for business reporting and analytics
Experience developing with iPaaS tools a plus 
Must be eligible to work in the United States without visa sponsorship

 
The annual base salary range is: 127,000-191,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
INCLUDE FOR POSTING LOCATION IDENTIFICATION
LI-HYBRIDBE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.