BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
The Platform Engineering team creates the foundation that enables the industrys most innovative, high-performance, and highly available portfolio of products that are designed for the most demanding mission critical applications. We design, build and deliver hardware products, but over 90 of our engineering staff are software engineers. Our customers are the most important part of our business and they love our products for  the simplicity of management, the constant flow of new and exciting upgrades, and ability to live on the cutting edge of technology while never taking downtime, ever. Pures product portfolio enables our customers to leverage the agility of the public cloud for both traditional IT and cloud-native applications.
WHAT YOULL BE DOING...

Designing, coding and debugging software in various  languages like C, C, Python and Go.
Adapt, optimize and harden the Linux Kernel for deploying a common kernel across Pures hardware platforms and Public Cloud deployment.
Drive integration of protocol stacks, vendor drivers, new chipset and HBAs to deliver high performance and uptime.
Extendimplement virtualizeduser space data paths.
Support bringup of new x86 platforms.
Upstream Linux patches when necessary.
Collaborate with engineering teams within Pure and Pures suppliers to deliver projects and products.
Analyze code, requirements, system risk, and software reliability
Develop, integrate, support, maintain, and document software functionality
Creating, testing and validating automation tests for features developed
Performance tuning, product improvement, balancing, usability and automation
You will be based in Bengaluru, India. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

Excellent CC OR Python coding skills as mandatory.
Excellent Linux Kernel or device driver experience.
10 years of experience working with remote teams at a product company.
4-7 years experience developing on Linux or other NIX variant at a product company.
NVMe drive firmware development.
Familiarity with CPU architectures (x86 preferred) and Server technologies like BMC, BIOS, EEPROM, SAS, PCI-e, I2C (and SMBUS, PMBUS variants).
Experience with System Diagnostics development.
Storage experience is desirable but not mandatory.
Hands on experience with hardware platforms, including designrequirements feedback, bring-up, debugging, customer delivery, and support.
Bachelors or higher in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Electrical Engineering.
You love technology, working with talented people and have a passion to build cool new products.
You are flexible, accountable and have excellent communication skills.
You value soft skills and are enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated.
You thrive in a globally distributed team through self-discipline and self-motivation.
You will have proven ability and the desire to work in a collaborative and team oriented environment.
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.