BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
The Treasury Ops Manager is critical in day-to-day Treasury operations. This position reports to the Chief Accounting Officer and works closely with all Finance functions (Accounting, AP, AR, Tax, Payroll, FPA, International Finance, Internal Audit), other internal constituents (such as Procurement, Legal, Operations, IT), and external parties (particularly banking partners).
 

Maintain banking relationships and identify opportunities to better utilize the organizations bank services
Monitor the cash management process and report daily cash 
Maintain cash flow by managing cash positioning andor forecasting models and monitor bank balances and cash requirements
Support quarterly reviews and annual audits by providing information and responses to auditors
Perform Treasury Operations activities including:

Process transactions
Administer banking and other Treasury systems
Manage bank related documentation
Prepare month-end and quarter end reports and perform related activities
Investigate and resolve bank and payment issues 
Partner with various teams to optimize the global banking and cash management structure and processes

Lead the corporate insurance renewal process
Manage corporate insurance relationship with broker and internal insurance requests
Support special projects and other duties as assigned

 
Qualifications

Bachelors degree in Finance or Accounting or equivalent required, MBA preferred
7 years of experience in Corporate Treasury at a multinational company with demonstrated increases in responsibility
Designation as a Certified Treasury Professional (CTP) desirable
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with advanced spreadsheet and financial modeling capabilities
Deep knowledge and understanding of cash management, including but not limited to, bank account management, updating and maintaining signatories across global bank accounts, process controls and governance
Detailed oriented with a mindset of ensuring accuracy in performance of tasks


Eagerness to learn and continuously improve processes
Strong financial acumen and knowledge of financial processes
Project management experience with strong planning skills
NetSuite experience
Corporate insurance experience
Ability to work collaboratively across departments
Ability to communicate effectively at all levels of the organization
Ability to work under pressure and show evidence of creative thinking as well as the ability to handle complex problems in a timely manner
Proficient in G-Suite
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Pure creates opportunities for your development and career growth. 
At Pure, we believe that each Puritan is a leader contributing to the success of our business, regardless of role. We offer an assortment of learning options available to all Puritans, including workshops on leadership, management, career development and more! Were here to change the world and we hope you join us!  
Popular Perks 
Pure offers an unlimited vacation policy, free lunches, meditation rooms, free yoga classes and employee resource groups, such as Pure Equality and Pure Vets, to encourage all of our employees to maintain mind and body wellness. We offer numerous volunteer opportunities for employees to give back not only to the Bay Area, but across the globe. 
https:hrportal.ehr.compureUSWhat-To-Do-WhenLife-EventsJoining-Pure-Candidates 
The annual base salary range is: 127,000-191,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-UT1 
 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.