BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.The Senior ServiceNow Platform Architect plays a pivotal role in the design, development, and optimization of the ServiceNow platform within the organization. This position combines deep technical expertise with strategic thinking to align the ServiceNow platform with business objectives, ensuring optimal performance, scalability, and user satisfaction. The Senior ServiceNow Platform Architect is responsible for guiding the platforms evolution, and collaborating with stakeholders to deliver innovative solutions.

Provide design leadership: responsible for the architecture, design, development and implementationenhancements on the ServiceNow platform and cross-platform integration solutions
Work closely with business analysts, technical leads, platform owner and process owners to finalize designs for ServiceNow modules including: CSM, ITSM, SPM (fka ITBM), ITOM, HAM, CMDB, HRSD, WSD, LSD, FSM, SecOps, IRM, and Automation Engine
Ensures platform alignment with the business strategy
Provides consultative technical leadership to the platform team
Owns and maintains a detailed view of the existing architecture
Provides architectural controls to ensure the correct technical solutions are used when delivering business solutions
Resolves technical escalations, including responding to defects
Assists in migrating configuration across instances
Deliver practical designs, leveraging out-of-box features as much as possible
Accountable for final review and approval of cross-platform functional workflows, UI and scripted business rules, reports and other ServiceNow automated solutions against requirements provided.
Accountable for regular design reviews, ensuring proper technical design, coding, conformance to standards and best practices established, including performance, security, reliability, scalability, extensibility and quality standards.
Lead development efforts on the platform. 
Identify trends, prioritize root cause analyses queues, finalize preventive actions and collaborate with the other delivery teams to prioritize development. effort for periodic releases.
Recognize improvement opportunities and deliver them with automation.
Conduct regular reviews with stakeholders to develop, enhance and enforce continuous service improvement standardplans. Measure and report their effectiveness on an ongoing basis.
Influence and positively impact productivity, efficiency, and customer(employee) satisfaction levels and enhance organizations reputation amongst stakeholders.

 
WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

Must have 5 years of proven track record as a ServiceNow Developer with a deep understanding of ServiceNow development best practices and trends.
The ServiceNow Platform Architect has strong technical abilities, a sound understanding of business strategy and policies that govern the ServiceNow platform and possesses advanced ServiceNow knowledge and skill. 
Must have hands-on implementation experience of ServiceNow CSM, ITSM, HRSD, ITOM, HAM, CMDB and SPM (fka ITBM).
Must be familiar with ITIL and ITSM support processes and terminology.  
Must have hands-on experience with ServiceNow customizations, code promotion, migrations: ACL, AssignmentBusiness Rule, Workflow, Flow Designer, UI PolicyAction, Client Script, Transform Maps, Update Sets, Integration with 3rd party systems, etc.
Strong analytical, problem solving, interpersonal and communication skills required.
Ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams across the organization.
Learn quickly and draw meaningful conclusions from independent research.
Manage multiple simultaneous priorities and deliverables.
Understand and analyze business and IT requirements and provide appropriate solutions.
BS degree in Information Systems, Computer Science or equivalent experience. (Graduate degree in Computer Science or a related field, or MBA a plus.)  

You will be based in Santa Clara. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
Pure creates opportunities for your development and career growth. 
At Pure, we believe that each Puritan is a leader contributing to the success of our business, regardless of role. We offer an assortment of learning options available to all Puritans, including workshops on leadership, management, career development and more! Were here to change the world and we hope you join us!  
Popular Perks 
Pure offers an unlimited vacation policy, free lunches, meditation rooms, free yoga classes and employee resource groups, such as Pure Equality and Pure Vets, to encourage all of our employees to maintain mind and body wellness. We offer numerous volunteer opportunities for employees to give back not only to the Bay Area, but across the globe. 
https:hrportal.ehr.compureUSWhat-To-Do-WhenLife-EventsJoining-Pure-Candidates 
The annual base salary range is: 154,000-232,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-UT1BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.