BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.PURE IN PRAGUE
Pure Storage is building its first  RD site outside of North America in Prague, Czech Republic.
The goal is to build a world-class engineering capability to support our rapidly expanding customer base, and to expand Pures capacity to leverage local and regional talent pools.
What You Will Be Doing
Looking for a Front-End  engineer to play a role in our evolution towards a more cloud-native platform.  As an individual contributor, you will be responsible for end to end UI development (designing, developing, integrating, maintaining, and supporting) of our sales platform. The position will involve evolving and integrating our platform into other UI frameworks and micro frontends.

Front-End design and development for enhancing our platform business flow or remediatingrefactoring application bugs
Create user experience with reusable components and frameworks across our platform to be seamless, intuitive, and pleasant
Design and develop feature rich api driven web applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and Angular  
Ensure UI availability and ability to rapidly and creatively solve application problems
Build and maintain JS UI Libraries
Proactive with all phases of testing including test planning, functional testing, regression testing and code review
Leverage company and industry best practices and standards
Specify and integrate 3rd part or externally developed web components
Work autonomously and independently as needed

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, MIS, or similar relevant field
5 years experience of enterprise front-end software development
A deep understanding of JavaScript and experience building web application front ends with modern frameworks such as Angular
Hands-on experience with frontend troubleshooting (memory leaks, performance, security, content-header, etc)
Experience with Amazon Web Services and cloud native application development using AWS, Github, Spinnaker (container based build and deployment)
Understanding and knowledge of integrating with PostgresSQL
Experience with Agile development methodologies
Strong ability to write requirements document and work with JIRA
Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and workarounds
Possess strong ability to create documentation
Exceptional leadership, time management, facilitation, and organizational skills

Additional Experience that would be helpful in this role but not required

Experience working with Figma 
Knowledge of Micro Frontend  architecture and related best practices 
Eye for great user experience and design 
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.