BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
As a Senior Architect, you will utilize your strong technical competencies to provide the highest level of implementation capability and technical consultation to both customers and Pure sales teams to support sales goals. You will work on cross-functional teams including Sales, Product Marketing, Business Development Managers, Services and engineering to scope and help sell Professional Services solutions for homogeneous and heterogeneous solutions to customerspartners. You will become intimately acquainted with the customerspartners business requirements, technical needs, systems, environment and service history, enabling you to build and present targeted solutions to our customer base as a member of the hands-on team delivering these services across the US. The role covers pre-sales and delivery functions, and you will be comfortable with performing either role as demand dictates.
You will possess a thorough understanding of IT architecture, designing solutions, networking and implementation of these solutions and you must have significant experience in the field of replication, clustering, cloud offerings as well as data migrations, technologies and solutions. You will also be experienced in delivering large scale and complex projects utilizing all the mentioned offerings and will also be skilled in scripting to enable automation of these processes where appropriate.
SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...

In a consultative role, supports the implementation of the professional services solution.
Participates in customer evaluations and proof of concepts on Pure systems to support sales efforts and address future customer needs.
Advises and consults the sales teams on engineering developments and strategies for replication, clustering and data migrations, ensuring these solutions meet and integrate into our clients DR and BCP best practices. 
Delivers technical solutions to our customers, either as a sole resource or member of a team. 
Understands prospects technical needs related to a specific market or specific product (i.e. block, virtualized, file solutions, clustering, replication best practice, disaster recovery, business contingency).
Develops scripts for both integration of Pure storage into a customers operational environment and the automation of replication, clustering, cloud and data migrations.
Prepares and delivers technical and architecture solutions.
Contributes significant portions for data migration solutions to RFPs, RFQs and RFIs.
Travels to the prospective customers domestic sites and other global sites as necessary.

What you bring to the role: 
Experience with the below technologies:

Storage experience  Replication technologies 
Data Center MigrationsConsolidationsToolsets
Networking concepts and high-level designs
Proven experience in VMWare with PowerCLI 
Proven experience in Powershell with APIs and systems integrations
Experience with MSSQL 
Windows, AIX, and Linux Operating systems
Hyper-V and VMWare ESX (SRM)
Github experience 
Networking infrastructure (Nexus  ACI  Broadcom  Brocade)
SecurityFirewalls
Multi-vendor server and storage platforms and performance tuning experience.
Disaster Recovery, Replication, Backup technologies (Zerto  Veeam  Rubrik  Veritas NBU)
Superior knowledge of current and emerging storage architectures (FC, iSCSI, NAS, OSD, SAN)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, any languages are a definite benefit (French  Dutch  Spanish  Italian or German)
Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, and other cloud-based offerings
Strong aptitude for learning new technologies and understanding how to utilize them in a customer-facing environment.
Ability to follow standard engineering principles and practices.
Creative approach to problem-solving.

Requirements 

A Bachelor of Science Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering; or equivalent work experience; a Graduate Degree is preferred.
10 years of overall technical experience
5 years as an SME  solutions architect
Experience that demonstrates a significant level of expertise in technical specifications required to sell Pure products and services is required


The annual base salary range is: 98,000  212,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations.

This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 

LI-REMOTE LI-RSBE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.