BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
As a Sr. Manager - GTM Systems, you will partner with business owners and product management leaders to understand priorities and deliver a product road map contributing to the overall technology strategy.
 
What Youll Do

Serve as the technical leader for IT GTM Systems across Pure Storage - review existing systems landscape and provide guidance on optimization, automation, best practices and new technologies.
Manage and drive development efforts to ensure compliance with business requirements, go-live dates, scalability, platform stability and security.
Lead (mentorcoach) and build a highly skilled, geographically distributed engineering team to define and implement technical solutions that help users perform their work effectively using GTM Systems.
Strong organizational and communication skills that create effective cross team collaboration between business and technical focused teams and personnel.
Work with product managers, designers, QA and Application Support teams to maintain and surpass product usability and quality standards.

Requirements

Minimum 8 years of experience working in the technology industry with proven delivery of digital transformation projects.
Demonstrated experience operating within a matrixed organization with a strong focus on enabling business capabilities through partnership and collaboration
Comfortable working with a global admin and development team working across many different time zones, geographies, and cultures
Proven experience with Salesforce Architecture, People Management, Stakeholder Communication
Experience working with technical  functional resources and following an Agile based delivery methodology
Exceptional analytical reasoning and problem-solving skills

You will be based in Santa Clara. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
Pure offers an unlimited vacation policy, free lunches, meditation rooms, free yoga classes and employee resource groups, such as Pure Equality and Pure Vets, to encourage all of our employees to maintain mind and body wellness. We offer numerous volunteer opportunities for employees to give back not only to the Bay Area, but across the globe. 
https:hrportal.ehr.compureUSWhat-To-Do-WhenLife-EventsJoining-Pure-Candidates 
The annual base salary range is: 161,000-251,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-UT1 
 
 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.