BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.The Call:
We are looking for passionate, inspirational, hands-on leaders for Pures fast growing and super important team: The Modern Data Protection Specialists. The MDPS are highly motivated technical sales resources whose goal is to provide sales guidance, enablement, and support of the Modern Data Protection opportunities, and partnerships across a sales region. This leader must understand the clients overall business and how to position the value of a Pure Solution and be an authority on how Pure exists in the entire Data Protection Continuum.
This person is responsible for ensuring the sales teams are effectively qualifying and positioning Modern Data Protection opportunities in their sales area and enabling both the Pure teams and the channel. This includes, potentially,  mentorship, training, and performance evaluation. The position requires the ability to multitask between team members in their support of different clients, sales opportunities, and other initiatives.
What you will be responsible for:

Be a beacon of positivity capable of inspiring and motivating the field to reach higher levels of success and attracting customers to adopt Pure Storage technology.
Participate in customer facing calls, demos, POCs, EBCs, internal strategysizing sessions, and other related Modern Data Protection activities.
WebinarsEvents presentations including internal and external content with Alliance Partners, Channel Partners, Vendors, etc.
Identify and enable potential field leaders for MDP for heightened responsibilities in this area.
Creating field facing solutions content (Technical Walkthroughs, Deep Dives, Qualification Guides, etc.) for specific solutions around Modern Data Protection. 
Mainstreaming MDP and other enablement projects to better equip the field for the first stages of data protection opportunities.
Staying abreast of advancements in both our internal product offerings (FlashRecover, replicationDR, snapshots, Portworx, ransomware capabilities) and formalizing an enablement plan from those.
Solutions Roadmap participationinfluence, daily conversations with Solutions Architects and Product Management about field impact, deals, and feedback from the field on existing solutions, etc.
Daily Slack availability and enablement, usually leading to customeropportunity influence.
Participationoversight in field testing in order to document anecdotal knowledge about that application and platform, in order to bridge the gap between not having a solution and Solutions officially testing. 
Post sales assiststroubleshooting with expert level knowledge around solutions. 
Partner with Sales Leaders for two-way feedback and communication.
High degree of cross-functional engagement with other GTM and corporate functions.
Communicate, connect and align people within the direct team and develop internal relationships across Pure Storage. 

The Requirements:

Strong technical acumen in the storage or related technology space with deep interest and vision for the industry.
Experience leading from the front with a strong reputation as an industry-respected technical evangelist with demonstrated deep expertise in key technologies.
Self-motivation, self-management and professionalism with advanced organizational, negotiation, and problem solving skills.
Superior level of specialized sales and Modern Data Protection product solution knowledge and a solid understanding of Pure Storage competitive domain in these technologies.
Able to articulate and understand the customer strategy and Pure Storage solution strategy to a technical level of detail for the Modern Data Protection area and teach systems engineers these concepts.
Excellent oral and written communications skills, as well as excellent presentation skills.
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite, CRM and opportunity management systems, preferably Salesforce.com.
Strong technical and tactical problem solving skills and experience with complex engineering designs. Must have the ability to explain complex ideas and schemas and train a sales engineering team.
Knowledge of the Modern Data Protection landscape and how they all play together at Pure for a specific outcome for a customer. These may include: Virtualization technologies including VMware vSphere and VDI, Oracle and Microsoft SQL, Fiber Channel, replication, snapshots, traditional data protection applications (Commvault, Veeam, Veritas, Rubrik, Cohesity, DELLEMC), information lifecycle management, iSCSI, SMB, NFS, and RESTS3Object. 
Ability to travel within assigned territory and other locations throughout the US and abroad.
Strong work ethic, attitude and follow through ability.
Previous experience in the Modern Data Protection ecosystem.

Presales or equivalent expertise in a data protection product (Commvault, Veritas, DELLEMC, Cohesity, et al, a plus

Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience.
10 years of Pre-sales experience in IT
Publications and Social Media presence is a plus.

 
The annual OTE range is: 185,000 - 278,000 OTE ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the OTE range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information.BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.