BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE You will:

Evangelize our radically simple, all-flash enterprise storage technology and data solutions, ensuring customers fully grasp Pures total value proposition
Build and invest in relationships with customers to establish Pures value, continually driving the highest customer satisfaction ratings in the industry
Lead pursuit teams and develop account plans to make sure all internal resources are engaged to execute and win new Pure Customers 
Drive and manage a healthy and robust pipeline of sales activity to assure quarterly and annual quotas are met or exceeded

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

Authenticity and a genuine desire to engage customers and understand their business challenges 
Thought leadership, creativity and a Challenger Mindset; the ability to apply your customer insights and expertise in technology solutions to position Pures portfolio to solve persistent problems
Avid Hunter with proven prospecting skills, consistently opening doors to new customers and navigating seamlessly between the boardroom and the data center while passionately positioning the advantages of a Pure Storage solution
Excellent interpersonal skills including written and oral communication, able to build relationships easily and deepen them over time
Ability to assess, plan, and actively manage a territory to achieve maximum revenue and efficiency
Expertise leading a complex sales process with multiple stakeholders, while fostering teamwork and shared ownership internally and with Partners
Consistent track record of exceeding quota and driving referenceable business.
Passionate about post-sales customer success

5  years of outside sales with a focus on new logo acquisition or business development in a Public Sector vertical; consistently delivering 5-10M per year in revenues



You will be based in South Africa (Johannesburg). As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.