BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
The Pure Platform Engineering Team builds the industrys most innovative, high-performance, and highly available portfolio of products that are designed for the most demanding mission critical applications. While we deliver a hardware storage array, over 90 of our engineering staff are software engineers. Our customers are the most important part of our business and they love FlashBlade for its simplicity of management, the constant flow of new and exciting upgrades, and ability to live on the cutting edge of technology while never taking downtime, ever.
WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING...
Pure Storage is seeking an energetic Technical Program Manager experienced in leading engineering projects and releases from conception through release.  Working with fellow TPMs you will utilize your skills to manage large scale hardware project schedules including software deliverables, identifying risks and communicating them to project stakeholders. Youll be developing and exercising independent judgment and recommendations that translate into a course of action. You will also be challenged with responsibilities including:

Manage technical projects or programs, develop and manage milestones, schedules and budgets.
Interact with diverse technical and non-technical groups, spanning all organizational levels including executives. 
Develop and drive new processes, recommend tools or streamline existing processes.
Use exceptional communication skills to understand and communicate project strategy, engineering issues and dependencies.
Manage risksissues and develop mitigation strategies among a cross-functional team of engineers.

WHAT YOU BRING TO THE TEAM...

Technical aptitude, as evidenced by BS CSEE, or related experience in technicalquantitative fields - or equivalent practical experience.
8 years experience in project management in hardware product release.
Expertise in Agile and Waterfall Release Processes
Customer service focus, with the ability to communicate with highly technical management teams.
A team player and creative thinker who is able to lead technical teams, cross functional groups and vendors.
Sound organizational, project management, communication skills and product lifecycle knowledge.
Ability to manage competing priorities efficiently.

The base salary range is: 152,000 - 229,000 per year. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level, and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information.
LI-BR1BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.