BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.Job Summary
 
This is an opportunity to be one of the seed members of a growing product team in the FlashBlade BU, one of the fastest growing at Pure. With the FlashBlade product, we are building a scale-out all-flash file and object store, designed for the modern world. To really understand how our customers work with data, we are deeply immersed in AI, modern backup, log analytics with Splunk and Elastic, data pipeline with Kafka, cluster computing with Spark, and many more use cases.
 
You will love it on the FlashBlade team if you:
 

Want to understand how modern applications - like AI or Splunk - work with data and how we can make it better.
Enjoy working with distributed systems, algorithms, operating systems, Linux kernel, database internals, hypervisors, containers, compilers and hardware or at least some of those.
Are ready to dive into a complex problem and be the one who will drive it to a resolution.
Want to work with other great engineers and develop or refine skills that will serve your entire career. 
You will be based in Bengaluru, India. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.

 
 
 
 
If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.
 
 
Responsibilities

Design, collaborate and implement creative new algorithms and technologies for high-performance, highly reliable systems (think six 9s)
Own and deliver innovation end-to-end, from concept to shipped product
Analyze and solve challenging problems through persistence and insight
Engage and effectively interact with stakeholders across product management, product development, system validation, support and even customers 
Work as a team with smart peers who inspire you and who are inspired by you
Make customers really happy, because thats why we do what we do
Learn a ton, whether you know a lot, or nothing about system software

 
 
Job Requirements

Developer level Linux platform experience; Strong programming skills in C, C, Python, Java, Go or other programming languages, and solid understanding of object-oriented programming
Strong foundation in data structures, algorithms and a strong understanding of threads, synchronization, concurrent programming
Excellent written and verbal communication skills to effectively communicate product architectures, design proposals and negotiate options across stakeholders
 Deep understanding of File system concepts.
 Good knowledge of storage protocols such as NFS and SMB would be a Plus.
 Experience with enterprise Network Attached Storage (NAS) technologies would be a Plus
Experience in any number of related systems software projects e.g: Distributed systems, Operating systems, Linux Kernel, Database internals.
Preferred experience in any number of related systems software projects e.g: Hypervisors, Containers, Compiler Optimization, Networking, etc.
Preferred experience to make strategic architectural decisions and drive design and architecture evolution by driving various arch-forums
Understand production systems, deployments and contribute to high availability and uptime of enterprise infrastructure deployments
BS in Computer Science, Information Systems, Computer Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Electrical Engineering or closely related discipline; Advanced degrees are a bonus
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.