BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.About This Role
The Senior Manager, Marketing Campaign Operations will report into the Director, Marketing and Campaign Operations, and help Pure blaze a constantly improving trail of operational excellence. One that is powered by leading products such as Marketo and SFDC, supported by various tools like Knak, Zendesk for ticketing, and Workato to drive automation.
In this role you will lead and develop a team of email campaign specialists located across the globe, supporting email and nurture campaigns, as well as segmentation strategy. This includes strategizing with the Marketing Digital Demand Center and Web teams, implementing processes, SLAs and best practices, and leading quarterly email campaign reviews with each marketing theater (AMS, APJ, EMEA, Global, Portworx, Partner). 
You will work with our marketing contact data strategist, as well as our team of technical Marketo Admins, to design and implement an end-to-end Marketo email campaign operations strategy and set up for each campaign, focused on buying group segmentation.
In This Role You Will

Manage Global Email Campaign Operations, leading a team of 7 Marketing Specialists to execute on global strategic marketing campaigns, and create alignment across all theaters.
Collaborate with Marketing Web and Digital teams for email marketing campaign, nurture, and segmentationaudience strategy with a focus on buying groups 
Lead quarterly email performance reviews with all Marketing theaters (AMS, APJ, EMEA, Global, Portworx, Partner), alongside the Digital Demand Center
Be the Marketing Email Campaign Operations main point of contact globally
Assist with the rollout of Campaign Hierarchy (tied to Integrated Marketings Global Campaign Framework) with the Marketing Operations team (led by the Director, Marketing and Campaign Operations)
Review processes, SLAs, email tools utilized, and forms for optimization and operationalization, as well as socialization, ongoing.
Oversee ticketing system for Marketing Email Campaign Operations
Document email campaign processes and work with the Marketing Operations enablement and change management lead to communicate changes globally 
Work with the Marketo technical admin team to build Marketo workflows
Provide strategic guidance and delegate operational support for email campaign buildout and execution (e.g., landing pages, templates, forms, workflows, list building, etc.)
Collaborate with the Digital Demand Center to drive global email campaign strategy
Troubleshoot and QAUAT email campaigns
Own email campaigns from end-to-end: managing build, segmentation, planning, execution, and reporting

What Youll Need To Bring To This Role

8 years of experience in Marketing Operations
Rich experience with modern marketing automation solutions, such as Marketo and Salesforce. Knak, Addevent, Workato (workflow automation), Zendesk (ticketing system), and Formset experience are a plus. 
Customer-centric approach, with a keen ability to navigate challenges and find collaborative resolutions for the greater good of the organization.
Extremely strong communication skills and the ability to communicate complex concepts clearly and persuasively across different audiences and varying levels of the organization.
A self-starter mindset, willing to pick up new skills, and is never satisfied with status quo
Leadership to set a plan, help peers succeed, and hold teammates accountable.
BABS degree or equivalent

You will be based in Chicago. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
The annual base salary range is: 139,000-209,000.Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.