BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.You have the experience in Core HCM, Performance, Talent Management, Learning Management, Security and Advanced Reporting. Highly skilled in setting security groups, hierarchies, organizations, and overall administration of security, gathering requirements, leading discovery sessions, business process configuration, report writer (advanced, composite, matrix, transposed, and trended reports), calculated fields, creates dashboards.
What Youll Do
As a Workday Talent, and Learning Consultant, your Job DescriptionResponsibilities include:

Responsible for the Design, Configuration, Deployment, Launch of all the talentperformance related programs like Performance review, Calibration, Succession Planning and Gigs etc. 
Facilitate learning administration which includes catalog management, campaign administration and business process configuration.
Well versed in Workday Business Process framework, AlertsNotification, Advanced Reporting, Dashboards, Security, and EIB.
Configure the Workday system per client business requirements and Workday standards.
Timely and accurate delivery of project deliverables and documentation.
Collaborate on data migrations when needed.
Be accountable for the integrity of the Workday system, ensuring it remains compliant and meets business requirements for efficiency and change control.
Be accountable for running and managing test scenarios to test both Workday and business delivered enhancements and routine upgrades.
Understand the Workday end to end processes in order to be able to provide guidance and identify gaps.
Understand the impacts of any changes to Workday processes on other technologies and on downstream systems ensuring the appropriate parties are advised.
IT literacy with a sound knowledge of Microsoft Packages including Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Case Management Tools, etc.

Requirements

6 years of proven experience in Workday HCM implementations development, testing, configuration, and deployment.
In Depth Experience in Talent Management  Learning Management WD functional areas.
Proficient in creating Workday custom reports, Security roles, and domain access.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to author and present materials ranging from detailed technical specifications to high-level presentations.
Technical Acumen working in a Corporate Technology environment
bachelors or masters degree.
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.