BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.
JOB ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES
The Business Solution Strategist (BSS) role is a part of the Strategic Pursuit Practice (SPP) team at Pure. The SPP is a large account strategy and pursuit team with a singular mission to drive long-term, transformational business success for our customers and Pure. We leverage value selling methodologies and processes to increase ambition and bigger deal mindset, to drive deeper and wider into strategic accounts and to accelerate more and larger deals to closure.  
Reporting to the Senior Director of the Strategic Pursuit Practice, the Business Solution Strategist(BSS) role is pivotal in combining business strategies with complex commercial and technical constructs to generate long-term value for our customers as well as Pure. The BSSs core responsibility is to collaborate with account teams and extended teams helping synthesize technology, business and market trends into forward looking insights delivered to director, VP or C-level executives of our most strategic global customers. The BSS will help articulate Pures transformational relevance and value, helping exert thought leadership and unlock long term opportunities that translate into net new pipeline. The role combines design thinking, strategy consulting and enterprise architecture packaged up and delivered through tangible value selling assets.
KEY DUTIES

Facilitate cross-functional sales and account teams on high-profile engagements, executive presentations, workshops.
Support Strategic Pursuit Leads, Sales Leadership and Global Account Managers by providing deep customer insight  perspective whilst coaching with constructive feedback to help develop capabilities and understanding.
Facilitate the Art of the Possible in Account Planning Sessions for strategic pursuits.
Build and deliver Pure Points of View (compelling C-level story and value statements demonstrating potential relevance of Pure to the customer). 
Drive big deal thinking, best practice sharing and extended team collaboration.
Increase the value for delivery of complex solutions by ensuring key VP and CXO stakeholders are fully engaged and aware of the value of Pure.
Support pipeline creation for Strategic Pursuits (10M), ensuring current and future targets are exceeded.
Help develop and manage a programmatic capability including all relevant artifacts to help scale to additional strategic pursuits.
Align to the SPP engagement and operating models to ensure a consistent and defined programmatic approach to assess, develop, and help close strategic pursuits.
Represent Pure in senior customer facing roles, i.e. executive sponsor, business strategist.

MEASUREMENTS OF SUCCESS

 YoY Growth  Number of Larger Deals  10M in Territory
 YoY increase in Larger Deal Closure  10M in Territory
 increase Rep Participation in Larger Deals  10M in Territory
 of Art of the Possible assets built and delivered of Points of View assets built and delivered 

SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED

Senior executive background with a strong industry network.
Min 15 years of experience in the IT industry.
Demonstrated extensive experience with value selling, driving and delivering major transformational solutions including IT Operations, Outsourcing, Offshoring and Commercial models.
Experience building and delivering C Level messaging and points of view.
Consultative experience into Enterprise and Global accounts and working in a complex matrixed environment.
Experience developing and growing C Level relationships.
Practical understanding of the financial and technical challenges faced with running modern day IT operations at large corporations.
Ability to communicate and simplify complex topics.
Excellent Technical and Business writing and presentation skills
Understanding of Business Operations (financial accounting, ROI, TCO, budget planning, organizational design)
Excellent presentation skills including public speaking, meeting facilitation and white boarding.   Project Management skills an asset
Enthusiastic self-starter with an outgoing personality
Comfortable working both independently and with a team
Strong customer facing and relationship building skills.
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience 

The annual base salary range is: 194,000-311,000.  Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information.
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.