BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.About Us
Our ambitious goal of helping innovators build a better world with data started in 2009. Today, we are one of the fastest growing enterprise companies in history, exceeding 1B in revenue at the end of 2017.
The world is experiencing a technological revolution driven by AI, machine learning, virtual reality, quantum computing and self-driving cars -- all of which require large amounts of data and put Pures technology literally in the drivers seat. Our solutions deliver real-time, secure data to power critical production, DevOps, and modern analytics in multi-cloud environments. With a Satmetrix NPS score in the top 1 of B2B companies worldwide, our customer-first culture and commitment to innovation build a fast-growing company that employees, customers, partners, and investors love. For more information on our business, check out the corporate fact sheet.
Subscription Services Team at Pure
The Subscription Services Representative is a key individual contributor on the World-Wide Renewals team. The Subscription Services team is a culmination of individuals who are passionate about customer loyalty committed to bringing the right people together with the intention of securing and growing our revenue. This role will support an assigned territory of customers in coordination with our channel to maintain and grow renewal rates and establish relationships with a focus on renewing subscriptions on-time, adding new products  services and providing the highest level of customer service throughout the entire quote-to-cash process.
Your ability to drive business process, sustain and renew subscriptions, resolve customer issuesproblems, and effectively manage your time will contribute to our mutual success.   
The Evergreen Subscription Services team is responsible for closely working with Sales, Finance, and Support while managing subscriptions, co-terms for up-sell opportunities, and supporting the companys strategic subscription renewal strategy  process.
What You Will Be Doing

A point of contact with Channel Partners  Account Managers to proactively market subscription opportunities to partners andor resolve issues that may hinder them from maintaining a relationship with Pure Storage
Effectively communicate company messages, value propositions, etc. verbally and in writing
Uncover accounts which may be at risk and develop plans to mitigate and bring them to closure
Accountable for reviewing and validating installed base reports
Manage existing programs to maximize company revenue and resolve customer-related contract issues
Ability to research original business transactions and prepare detail that will lead the account team to make quick recommendations on how to position a renewal
Goal is to optimize renewal rate, attach rate and term
Quote all subscription renewal opportunities for assigned territory
Develop overall renewal strategy and process for assigned territory
Manage  forecast the subscription pipeline for territory
Create programs with Marketing Manager to proactively encourage renewal activity with partners
Develop and communicate process change and improvements to optimize programs and enhance relationships with necessary company external customers and internal support groups
Track all activity in Salesforce

What You Bring To The Team

Bachelors degree or equivalent
Prior subscription sales role  4 years
Prior customer service experience  2 years
Strong interpersonal skills  team player
High integrity, ethics and humility
Ability to build and maintain credibility with all cross functional teams
Industry knowledge preferred
Highly organized  strong time management skills
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Self-starter and ambitiously pursues improvement
Solid Salesforce aptitude
Advanced computer skills required (e.g. Excel, MS Access, SQL queries)
Inventoryinstalled base management experience is a plus
Organizational and follow up skills, problem solving and analytical skills
Desire to grow with Pure Storage
Proven track record of success
Must be willing and able to work in an open office, team environment.
Excellent command in spoken and written Japanese and English 

Pure creates opportunities for your development and career growth. 
At Pure, we believe that each Puritan is a leader contributing to the success of our business, regardless of role. We offer an assortment of learning options available to all Puritans, including workshops on leadership, management, career development and more! Were here to change the world and we hope you join us!
Popular Perks
Pure offers an unlimited vacation policy, free lunches, meditation rooms, free yoga classes and employee resource groups to inspire  all of our employees to maintain mind and body wellness. Through our Pure Good Foundation, we also offer numerous volunteer opportunities for employees to give back not only to the Bay Area, but across the globe.
Pure is Committed to Equality 
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.