BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
About the Role
Pure Storage is seeking a goal-oriented and strategic individual to join our Communications team as a Partner and Vertical Communications Manager. This person will be responsible for building and executing communications strategies that drive increased awareness, advocacy, and preference for Pure Storage among our partner community and in key vertical segments. The ideal candidate will be creative in her or his approach to storytelling, with strong attention to detail, and excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills. An understanding of the enterprise technology landscape is strongly preferred in order to effectively solicit and synthesize various viewpoints into clear, digestible messages andor stories. A demonstrated ability to build and maintain meaningful, ongoing relationships with media and across internal stakeholders is a must. She or he must work well in a fast-paced work environment, under deadlines, and be able to clearly define priorities. Candidate must be a self-starter who works well both independently and as part of a team.
Youll be joining a fun and dynamic team that values collaboration, innovation, measurable results, and learning fast.  
Responsibilities:

Story Development: Advance Pures narratives specific to key verticals (Healthcare, Public Sector, Fin Services) in partnership with vertical marketing leads for use with press. Advance Pures differentiated messaging targeted to partners to support Pure strategy and portfolio. 
Partner  Vertical Media Relations: Strategize and execute PR tactics to get media coverage in channel- and vertical-specific press, including leveraging third party references (partners, customers) and running speaking and awards programs.
Executive Communications: Support Pures VP, Global Partner Sales in external and internal communications to position as thought leader externally and clear, effective communicator internally. 
Other Communications: Produce partner newsletters and partner-specific social media guidance.
PR Agency Management: Manage day-to-day relationships with healthcare and public sector PR agencies.

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...
Attributes 

You have a passion for technology-led storytelling;
Goal-oriented strategic thinker but also willing to execute tactics and roll up your sleeves;
Ability to build and maintain strong internal and external relationships;
Strong understanding of PR planning and implementation processes;
Excellent writing, editing, verbal communications, project management and decision-making skills;
Self-starter who works independently with minimal supervision but has a proven ability to work effectively in a team environment;
Detail-oriented, highly organized and able to manage multiple tasksprojects simultaneously;
Thrives in a fast-paced and deadline-oriented environment.

Qualifications 

BABS in Communications, Technology or Business preferred
Minimum of 6 years of experience in communications
Enterprise technology background is a plus

You will be based in Santa Clara, CA - OR - New York, NY. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
The annual base salary range is: 127,000  191,000 Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-HYBRID, LI-ONSITE, LI-TF1BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.