BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
The product management team is responsible for driving the Software Roadmap for our flagship product, FlashArray. Product Managers focus on defining and driving software features and capabilities as well as being responsible for market and business analysis and product direction. The team works with cross-functional teams comprising of Engineering, CTO office, Partners, Marketing, Sales as well as Executive Staff. The Pure Storage Product Management team defines and drives the future of the all-flash array market.

Define overall product and feature requirements - future product strategy with sustainable and compelling differentiation based on customer needs, competitive analysis, market and technology trends.
Support and enable the product and solutions teams to design cloud enabled storage and compute architectures.
Drive overall roadmap, feature tradeoffs, prioritization and requirements for enterprise-class storage array systems.
Drive roadmap based on market, technology, business and competitive analysis.
FieldSales  engage key account field sales teams and channel partners. Work with team to support sales process and drive the overall customer engagement model
Foster an active ecosystem of customers and partners.
Responsible for competitive material development and SESales support materials as well as customer presentations.
CustomerMarket Research  gather customer feedback to understand key issuesneeds and trends in customer base.
Work closely with the executive team to establish the scope and goals of the project and provide leadership for the project teams

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

5 years of combined experience in a product management and product development roles
Strategic leadership and strong business insight
Experience with security standards, encryption, authentication, or authorization concepts and technologies
Knowledge of common compliance security regulations and standards such as NIST Cybersecurity Framework, EU Cybersecurity Act, GDPR, FedRAMP and PCI
Proficient in taking security concepts to create differentiation in the marketplace
Deep, technical understanding of enterprise storage environments, deployments and use cases
Executive presence and excellent verbal and written communication skills
Critical problem solving and work with various stakeholders on the security related areas, certifications, CVE tracking and management
Consistent track record of developing a vision, strategy and execution plan for the security aspects of the product line
Experience and a solid understanding of product life cycles, release milestones, from concept inception to product end-of-life
Ability to think both strategically and tactically
Ability to work in a rapid pace environment with multiple and shifting priorities
Consistent record of taking ownership and driving results
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent, Masters Degree a plus
Security certifications a plus
Must be willing and able to work in an open office, team environment.

You will be based in Santa Clara, CA. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
The annual base salary range is: 152,000  229,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-HYBRIDBE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.