BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
Work closely in the Integrated Operations Program Management Office to:

Oversee and track the organizations portfolio intake, planning, development, and execution of cross-functional prioritized projects, ensuring alignment with the companys strategic goals
Provide leadership, guidance, and support to project managers, ensuring that they have the right tools, resources, training, and guidance necessary to deliver successful projects
Lead, implement, and manage a scalable process and governance model for business applications selection, evaluation, and approval to drive process standardization, cost optimization, and tech stck consolidation
Define, develop, and maintain project governance, processes, standards, and frameworks to ensure delivery excellence and consistency across the organization
Develop and maintain portfolio-level reporting and dashboards that provide visibility into project status, risks, and issues
Work closely with cross-functional stakeholders, senior leadership, and partner with IT, Finance, Product, and Operations teams to ensure project and portfolio goals are aligned with business objectives
Identify areas for improvement within the project management and portfolio management processes and implement changes to improve efficiency and effectiveness
Proven ability to communicate technical concepts and business impact to team members and leadership in a manner that is readily understandable and actionable 
Ability to be flexible to manage the end-to-end lifecycle of interrelated projects within a program, and ensure projects are delivered on time and within scope: define project objective, scope, and resource requirements; establish timelines and milestones with gantt charts; minimize risks; identify and assist in the resolution of conflicts within and between projects; manage project budgets and resource allocation; and develop methods to monitor project or area progress
Create KPIs and identify key metrics of success to measure project statuses against
Manage and solve scope creep, change management, and interventions to ensure project goals are achieved
Debrief at the end of each project or program launch and incorporate feedback into Lessons Learned 
WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE:


10-12 years of Business Operations, Business Transformation, Program Management, Revenue Operations, Management Consulting or related role
Bachelor degree in business, engineering, or related fields (MBA preferred)
Direct line management experience required
Proven experience in portfolio management, project management, and governance frameworks
Proven experience in process optimization roll outs, specifically with GTM systems, business applications, and tooling
Requires strong leadership, interpersonal, organizational and communication skills with the ability to motivate and manage a team
Excellent communication skills with the ability to interact with stakeholders at all levels of the organization
Strong organizational and planning skills with the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Strong understanding of change management principles, methodologies, communication plans, and leading practices, previous experience with large scale organizational change efforts
Smartsheet (or Project Management tool equivalent) experience required
Project Management certifications a plus
Lean Portfolio Management or Lean-Agile experience a plus 
Ability to independently research, analyze, and recommend solutions and best practices 
Self-starting problem solver with a can-do attitude
High attention to detail

Location: US, Santa Clara Based; Minimum of 3xweek in the office 
 
The annual base salary range is: 167,000-251,000.  Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information.
INCLUDE FOR POSTING LOCATION IDENTIFICATION
LI-REMOTE, LI-HYBRID, LI-ONSITEBE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.