BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE
The Pure Engineering Team builds the industrys most innovative, high-performance, and highly available portfolio of products that are designed for the most demanding mission critical applications.  While we deliver a hardware storage array, over 90 of our engineering staff are software engineers. Our customers are the most important part of our business and they love FlashBlade for its simplicity of management, the constant flow of new and exciting upgrades, and ability to live on the cutting edge of technology while never taking downtime, ever. These new innovations enable our customers to leverage the agility of the public cloud for both traditional IT and cloud-native applications. 


WHAT YOULL BE DOING...

Plan, implement, and co-develop HW design and qualification projects 
Participation in all phases of the product development cycle including design, documentation, eDVT, FA, and support for custom HW designs
Define, implement and automate HW validation and qualification tests
Review, Audit, and Validate reports from JDM partner and retest certain portions of the design
Ability to design and test small FPGACPLD projects
Write functional specifications (HWSystem level), test plans and test reports
Perform schematic capture of designs
Analyze and review of device and system-level power, vendor selection (design), cooling, and electrical (SI) functionality
Improve design and qualification processes to enhance efficiency, consistency, and product robustness
Qualification of subsystems, including CPU complex, networking, power, etc.
Perform failure and root cause analysis activities in support of system hardening efforts and customer escalations
Work with diagnostics engineers by providing direction and reviewing test plans to ensure proper coverage
Work closely with other team members and providing support on cross functional projects as needed
Help contribute to creating a culture of quality by design


WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

A degree in Electrical or Computer Engineering (desired), with either:

Masters with 2 years of professional work experience.
Bachelors with 4 years of professional work experience

Experience working at enterprise hardware companies preferred (Storage, Server, Networking)
Knowledge of hardware design, x86 architectures and interfaces.
Ability to qualify x86 hardware at the electrical, SI, protocol and functional levels
Ability to work cross-functionally with engineering, operations, Mfg. Test, and support to deliver high quality products to our customers
Strong knowledge of selecting x86 subcomponents, SSDs, ACDC Power supplies, and discrete power circuits
Ability to architect or assist in architecting complex systems, involving compute, storage and IO
Experience with Verilog, System Verilog and simulation tools
Experience with HW design tools (i.e. Schematic capture tools, Allegro, Signal integrity tools (HyperLynx, etc))
Experience implementing and automating HW qualification processes
Experience with scripting languages (i.e. Python, BASH, EXPECT, etc) and test development
Experience with High Speed Oscilloscopes and bus analyzers (get trace capture and perform analysis)
Proficiency in diagnosing and debugging all aspects of hardware systems
Solid understanding of Major BusSignaling technology PCIe, Ethernet, Serial (SPI, I2C)
Strong understanding of signal integrity (Create routing rules, run analysis of complex layouts)
Highly self-motivated with the ability to work autonomously in a fast-paced, technical development environment
Ability to operate in a fast-paced changing business environment
High level of teamwork and collaboration skills
Strong verbal and written communication skills



 

You will be based in Santa Clara, CA. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.

The salary range for this position is: 136,000-238,000 per year. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information.
LI-BR1BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.