BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.Pure Storage Acquired Portworx in October 2020, Creating the Industrys Most Complete Kubernetes Data Services Platform for Cloud Native Applications. This acquisition represents Pures largest to date and our deeper expansion into the fast-growing market for multi-cloud data services to support Kubernetes and containers.
Press Release - September 16, 2020

SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
Pure Storage  is actively seeking a Customer Success Manager (CSM) for the Cloud Native Business Unit to drive customer satisfaction, strengthen customer relationships and build trusted advisor relationships by personalizing their customers Portworx experience. This is a specialist role, focussing on the Portworx suite of products within Pure Storage.
This role includes responsibilities for Customer Success activities which include on-boarding, support, services, adoption, training, advocacy, retention, etc. and outcomes renewals, up-sell, cross-sell, reference-ability, customer satisfaction, adoption, consumption, customer engagement, etc.
You will be the customer advocate, trusted advisor and Portworx subject matter expert by bridging communication and effort into the various business functions (Engineering, Product Management, Finance, Marketing, Support, Sales, Executive Leadership). 
By engaging with customers, Pure Partners  Distributors and internal stakeholders to align Portworx technology with business and technical needs, you will provide enterprise-level, white-glove service and support to ensure successful deployment, delivery and value realization of the Portworx purchase. You will be responsible for defining key metrics for success and building the processes, systems, programs, and tools to ensure that we deliver customer growth.
You will have a deep understanding of customers business challenges and objectives as well as their technical environment, in order to deliver effective solutions to both technical and non-technical end-users while also supporting a wide range of technologies and cloud deployments.
Principal Duties  Responsibilities

Develop a deep (and technical) understanding of a customers business priorities, operational modelobjectives, data center environment, data center architectureroadmap, implementations, business priorities and IT initiatives
Establish, own and drive strategic, operational, risk and growth management reviews as they relate to deployments, migrations, capacity planning  expansions
Own the overall post-sales service delivery relationship with key customers with complete responsibility for total customer experience within your accounts. You will be required to own and drive service value delivery, issues management, escalations and resolution
Deliver monthly and quarterly business reviews to align business and technical goals across multiple stakeholders e.g. customers, partners, GSIs and multiple functions across Pure Storage
Act as a customer advocate and conduit into various internal cross-functional teams, including Sales, Support, Engineering, Product Management and Executive leadership
Establish yourself as a trusted advisor, advocate and subject matter expert to support the Pure Storage  Portworx programs internally and externally
Must be able to exercise excellent judgment in a high-performing, high-growth environment while paying extremely close attention to detail and keeping the bigger picture in view
Develop a deep understanding and knowledge of Pures products and services
Participate in Executive Briefing Committee discussions, Sales Account Strategy  Growth planning, Technical and Support troubleshooting and triaging.
Up to 25 travel to visit Customers as needed

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

5 years experience in customer-facing, relationship management role. 
Prior experience in TAM, CSM, Professional Services, Support and Sales Engineer (or similar) roles preferred
2 - 5 years experience working with container orchestration technology in an enterprise environment
Must be located in the US region and within a reasonable radius to support regular (on-site) customer visits as needed
Excellent communication, project management, presentation, and problem-solving skills required with the ability to build trusted partner relationships with premier Enterprise, Public Sector, Healthcare and Financial Services Industry customers. Ability to scale from technical engagements and guidance to mid-level IT management interaction.
Ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams, including Sales, Support, Engineering, Product Management, Marketing and Consulting Services.
Ability to manage multiple projects and tasks, determining project urgency and execute detailed action plans in collaboration with customers and stakeholders
Written and verbal communication skills; including the ability to clearly articulate technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences, and also explain the impact in business terms, reports and presentations to executives within Pure and customer organization
Demonstrated ability to handle critical issues, drive discussion and present internal and customer issues at the executive level
Willingness and ability to travel (occasionally at short notice), provide after hours and weekend on-call support as needed to support maintenance activities
Ability to adapt to, define and influence within a new business line where policies, process and operations are in early stages of development
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field, or equivalent technical experience is required
Good understanding of VMware, Linux, Kubernetes, Google Cloud PlatformAWSAzure. 
Broad understanding of the cloud native landscape, current CNCF projects and popular applicationsuse cases met by this architecture
Ability to seek and identify new use cases which could benefit from cloud native architecture
Ability to run technical demonstration sessions of newly released features which could benefit specific accounts

Nice to Have Skills

Deep (and technical) understanding of cloud native use cases, applications and business driversbenefits
Project Management andor service delivery qualifications (such as PRINCE2 or ITIL)
Experience deploying and managing production KubernetesOpenshift applications in enterprise environments
Understanding of how to architect stateful applications within container orchestration systems
Experience with managed kubernetes offerings such as GKE, EKS, AKS.

You will be based in Santa Clara. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.



 


The annual base salary range is: 127,000 - 191,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information.
 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.