BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.The Product Business Group (PBG) is seeking a Localization Manager looking for an opportunity to break into a world-class technology company. The right candidate for the job is creative, proficient with software internationalization and localization management , and good at establishing cross-functional relationships with content stakeholders. To excel in this role, you must be self-motivated, highly organized, and ready to build a localization strategy from the ground up.
WHAT YOU WILL DO

Define and lead the localization program, select tools, implement infrastructure, and build relationships with translation vendors
Drive the localization effort independently
Track translation and localization quality
Collaborate with cross-functional teams 
Manage translation vendors
Negotiate with translation services
Automate the localization process to eliminate repetitive tasks and decrease development time
Develop and manage localization quality assurance (QA) processes (manual and automated) to ensure delivery of high-quality content
Process and track translation feedback, making adjustments, as necessary
Develop metrics to identify the success of the localization program, identify additional potential users, and socialize the success of the program

YOUR QUALIFICATIONS

10 years of localization industry experience, including proven ability in localization engineering, project management, and quality review, including vendor management experience
A comprehensive understanding of software internationalization, localization and translation processes and systems
Sound understanding of software release cycles (development and QA)
Experience developing a working, reliable localization program for multiple languages
The ability to speak and write in at least two languages
Experience working with diverse cultures
Effective organizational and coordination skills to get things done in a fast-paced environment
Experience managing medium to large-scale projects and vendor relationships
Effective analytical and problem-solving skills
Experience with issue tracking systems (source code management and code review are a plus)
Experience working with Translation Management Systems (TMS), i18n libraries, and multiple coding languages
Highly desirable: Experience connecting with content management systems (CMS) and Machine Translation tools.

EDUCATION
Bachelors andor Masters degree, preferably in Internationalization and Localization, Computer Science, or a STEM degree.
 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.