BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.Platform Designer- Portworx
PORTWORX
Portworx helps enterprises reduce the cost and complexity of deploying applications on cloud and on-prem environments. Database administrators and platform architects can manage data services on any infrastructure with a single data management layer for all services. Portworx innovates and is a market leader for databases as a service platform. 
 
Currently we have 3 different products- Portworx Enterprise, Backup and Data services with different backends and front end libraries. We are unifying these products into a single platform. This horizontal role for a platform designer will work on features like self service onboarding, cross product navigation, user management, billing and settings. 
SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
We are looking for a Lead Product Designer who is user-focused and passionate about designing simple experiences. Youll work to design contextual  intuitive experiences that our users will love. And youll leverage the expertise of our incredible partners in product, marketing, sales and engineering to see that your solutions can get realized.
What are some of the high impact opportunities youll tackle? 

Drive discovery work to build personas and user journeys
Conduct and document user research findings and iterate designs based on feedback
Create click-through prototypes and presentations to align on user task flows 
Collaborate closely with product owners, engineers, and leverage user research to create a vision for your product area
Drive quality updates to the data and reporting experiences for enterprise customers
Partner with the design system team to enhance design patterns 


Create inclusive designs for all users; advocate for accessibility, encouraging product and engineering management to prioritize accessible features and bug fixes
You will be based in Bangalore, India. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

5 years of experience designing and shipping enterprise products as part of an in-house, cross-functional product team
Background in interaction design for simplifying user journeys with multiple users 
Portfolio of work demonstrating your design process and how youve contributed to solving specific problems with functional designs 
Expert knowledge of current design and prototyping tools like Figma 
Contribute to a design system to be used across a suite of products
Excellent communication skills to synthesise user research and feedback from business leaders, product management and engineering. 
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.