BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
Pure is looking for a highly motivated and proven B2B Product Marketing leader to join our Product Marketing team. As a Senior Director of Product Marketing, Platform your team will be responsible for defining the core platform and product messaging for Pure, including our core differentiators and brand stories, partnering tightly with leaders across the Sales and Marketing organizations to bring that message to market. 
The ideal candidate is a proven enterprise platform marketing leader with experience in enterprise infrastructure. Through a deep understanding of changing market dynamics, category creation, high growth business development, competitor and customer insights, this leader will create differentiated positioning, create thought leadership and accelerate customer demand for the fastest growing B2B data management systems provider in history.
With a passion and skill for creating simple and compelling stories, you will lead a team of PMMs focused on different aspects of our product line and our corporate narrative. This leader will guide the  team as they work together to ensure our product and platform messaging are clear, compelling and driving our GTM across marketing and field channels. 
An experienced product marketing visionary, this role will play an instrumental role in unifying and leading our strategic corporate messaging and cross-portfolio marketing efforts. 
This role will report directly to our VP of PMM and is a highly visible leadership role within the organization which will have a significant impact on the long-term growth of a fast-growing business.
What will you do?  

Working with our segment GTM leaders, your team will define, roll out and drive adoption of corporate buyer personas.  
Leveraging customer insights, industry knowledge and competitive intelligence, provide leadership and cross company alignment to deliver all platform and product messaging, and positioning. 
Align with senior leaders on core differentiators and GTM themes that can drive demand and also reinforce Pures brand in the market. 
Partner with other Product leaders to help drive ongoing adoption of Pures product portfolio by relentlessly connecting the product roadmap with our go-to-market strategy.
Work with Pures Executives s and marketing leaders to help identify, create and roll out company level thought leadership and brand stories. 
Oversee the development of compelling and powerful content for Sales, Customer Support, Comms, and others including; sales training, positioning, FAQs, battlecards, and more.
Lead a team of high-performing product marketer leaders and effectively prioritize activity and resources within a demanding, high-growth company.
Amplify the power of our culture, connect the hearts and minds of your team members vision and potential for Pure, ensuring that people enjoy, grow, develop, thrive and feel recognized in this period of tremendous growth.
Be an energetic advocate and spokesperson for Pure Storage internally and externally with influencers, press and analysts.

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...
Product marketing powerhouse


Persona development
Significant experience in B2B technology marketing with experience positioning to both business decision makers and technical audiences (experience in analytics or related SaaS business is highly preferred).
Messaging
Storytelling and content creation


Domain expertise


Understand the complexity of an enterprise infrastructure sale, and understands  IT as an audience
Experience in infrastructure or data storage a bonus


Influencing skills: 


Must possess the executive presence, credibility and tenacity to successfully influence, build and maintain strong relationships with a diverse set of internal partners including the product marketing team, field marketing, sales and other cross functional stakeholders
Ability to collaborate with peers on overall Pure GTM strategy
Personal flexibility to adapt and compromise when necessary, while actively contributing new innovative thinking to the broader organization


Team Leadership: 


Demonstrated ability to lead inclusively while building and mentoring a high-caliber team 
Ability to identify and fill  talent gaps, and support the development of team members so that there is a robust talent pipeline within the team
Capability to inspire and earn the respect of others across Pure , and demonstrate the interpersonal skills required to provide effective feedback, both positive and negative 
Hands-on marketing leader who involves their team actively in establishing benchmarks, brainstorming strategies for success, and holds himselfherself and hisher team to a consistent and high standard of excellence


Requirements (Education, Certification, Training, and Experience)

A minimum of 10 years of experience in product marketing at a fast growing company, including a minimum of 6 years of team management experience
Strong technical depth and ability to learn quickly, balanced with sharp business sense
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills. This role demands someone who is gifted in their ability to use the spoken and written word to communicate effectively with all stakeholders
MBA preferred

You will be based in Santa Clara, CA. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
The annual base salary range is: 214,000 342,000 Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-HYBRID, LI-ONSITE, LI-TF1BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.