BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.Data  Analytics Senior Manager  RevenueTopline Analytics
Pure is blazing trails and setting records: 

For eight straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant  
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally 
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions 
And, our 4,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go 
You will be based in Bangalore, India. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.
Pure Storage is looking for an experienced leader to join us as Data  Analytics Senior Manager  Revenue Topline Analytics. As a leader in the ToplineRevenue Analytics domain, the manager will be at the forefront of transforming raw data into meaningful information, providing strategic guidance to key stakeholders 
The individual will drive rhythm of the business ,executive processes, design robust and high impact tools that allow self-service, analyze factors impacting business performance, and derive deep and actionable insights to the most pressing challenges the organization faces.   
Successful candidates will have a strong blend of technical and business acumen, as well as great problem solving, interpersonal, and communication skills.  We are looking for candidates who are subject matter experts and have developed a portfolio of high impact data products  tools that drove business outcomes. 
Responsibilities : 

Lead the development and implementation of scalable analytics solutions that enhance our ability to predict revenue , booking , deal size ,win rate  , customer segments ,share of wallet, and identify opportunities for new market opportunities  
Evolve our analytics capability from generating insights that describe what happened to what will happen. This includes the development of a long-term Forecast model, pulling in knowledge experts across domains, that provides an alternative, fundamentals-based view of how the business will likely grow. 
Analytics Solution Development: Lead the design and development of scalable analytics solutions, including dashboard design and development . Identify high-return fields within company operations where AI and data analytics utilization can be impactful 
Data Visualization: Create visually compelling dashboards and reports that effectively communicate complex analytical findings to stakeholders, enabling them to make data-driven decisions 
Data Governance and Quality: Ensure data integrity, accuracy, and compliance with data privacy regulations, implementing best practices for data governance and security. 
Evaluate, implement, and manage analytics tools and systems, ensuring data accuracy, integrity, and accessibility. 
Continuous Improvement: Stay updated with the latest trends in customer analytics and continuously improve the effectiveness and relevance of analytics solutions. 
Stakeholder management : Build strong interpersonal relationship with key stakeholders across the organization and Identify opportunities for collaboration and win-win shared projects across functions 
Live the Pure Storage values and lead with integrity, passion and purpose. 

Qualifications: 

12 or more years of experience working in the Analytics domain . Successfully led key initiatives, engaging teams and key stakeholders across business functions and at all levels of the organization  
Candidates with advance proficiency in Tableau, MS Excel (VBA knowledge) , SQL , Snowflake will be preferred  
Proven track record of solving complex problems, thinking creatively and using data to tell a story to influence senior level stakeholders. Demonstrated thought leadership with high business impact throughout career 
Strong understanding of the data landscape and the functions and processes that produce this data, including existing challenges and best practices 
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to present analytical findings to non-technical stakeholders 
Strong leadership skills with the ability to provide guidance and coaching to the team fostering a collaborative, high performing data-driven culture within the team.   
Masters degree preferred. Degree with a concentration in statistics, data science, operational research or finance preferred 
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.