BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
Pure Storage is seeking a Global Account Manager (GAM) with proven ability to win and then lead a small subset of global accounts. The GAM will coordinate the strategy and team-selling efforts with partners and teammates to close business on a quarterly and annual basis. Proven ability to exceed assigned quota, prospect, close global contracts, and build new and deep relationships with large global customers is key. The successful candidate will have demonstrated the ability to develop long-term relationships with Channel Partners that drive revenue as well as relationships with customers from end users to the line of business to the CxO. Ability to drive satisfied and referenceable customers while maintaining an accurate forecast and working with multiple channel partners is critical. This is a new business, hunter territory that requires experience and proven success opening large accounts.

Prospecting: proven track record of penetrating accounts; reaching decision-makers and closing business.
Direct strategic account planning and leadership of a global account team 
Establish and manage complex relationship network of C level stakeholders and highest level senior internal representatives
Assemble and work to a detailed strategic account plan designed to deliver value and meet the customers business and IT objectives
Coordinate different areas of the organisation to formulate go-to-market strategies for nominated global accounts
Manage complex customer supplier  partner dynamics
Assess customer, market trends and provide timely and accurate revenue forecasting 
Drive accelerated revenue growth by identifying potential markets for new and existing products and services in accounts
Identify, pursue and close sales opportunities and leads 
Deliver the necessary input to ensure on-time delivery of high quality proposals for managed accounts and prospects as well cost of ownership illustrations and business value justifications
Develop sales, business and relationship plan for accounts

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

Deep understanding of the customers business, its market and industry alongside key decision-makers and influencers in account organization
Ability to translate customers objectives and strategy into relevant Pure proposition 
Ability to effectively communicate at all levels of an organisation, including the C-suite
Liaise with Global Enterprise Senior Management as required for executive level sponsorship program
Experience of working with major Nordics Global Accounts
Experienced working with C Level (internal and customers)
Strong decision-making skills  able to identify key business issues
Strong communication skills  able to convey understanding and messaging in a clear, concise and compelling manner, both verbally and in writing.
7-10 yrs. successful global accountsenterprise solution selling within technology services
7-10 yrs. Enterprise sales experience
Ability to lead and manage an international and distributed team.
Ability to think strategically and drive sales transformation programs
Deep work experience in Telecommunications  IT Industry
Enterprise Storage desirable
Excellent communicator (Verbal, Written, Presentation)

You will be based in Stockholm, Sweden. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.