BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
You will be a part of the Integrated Operations Program Management Office to facilitate the end-to-end lifecycle of GTM interrelated projects within a program.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:

Manage the end-to-end lifecycle of interrelated projects within a program, and ensure projects are delivered on time and within scope: define project objective, scope, and resource requirements; establish timelines and milestones with gantt charts; track and minimize risks; identify and assist in the resolution of conflicts within and between projects; manage project budgets and resource allocation; and develop methods to monitor project or area progress
Build, drive,  enforce business centric project management governance, processes, project plans, schedules, budgets, and templates for cross-functional, transformational projects supporting various organizations that include but are not limited to: IT, Sales, Channel, Marketing, Product BUs, and more
Manage and lead 2 or more overarching programs at the same time 
Take meeting minutes and communicate project updates to project team members, stakeholders, steering committee members, and C-level executives 
Independently research, analyze, and recommend solutions and best practices while being comfortable challenging status quo
Think strategically about issues leading to recommendations and maximization of ROI
Work with business stakeholders to identify OKRs, KPIs, and key metrics of success to measure projectprogram progress 
Review and analyze business requirement documents and shepherd the process of clarifying business outcomes with ITs solutioning plans 
Proven ability to communicate technical concepts and business impact to team members and leadership in a manner that is readily understandable and actionable 
Manage and solve scope creep, change management, and interventions to ensure project goals are achieved
Identify and effectively manage risks. Drive escalations up to C-level executives to resolution
Document and lead retrospectives at the end of each project or program launch and incorporate feedback into Lessons Learned 
Partner with IT, Finance, Product, Sales Operations, and Manufacturing Operations teams from a resourcing and SME stand point, as well as bridge the gaps and silos for cross-functional workstreams 
Effectively guide and mentor supporting project manager  project coordinator on large transformational projects
Partner with PMO leadership and peers to scale PMO Center of Excellence; implement org-wide project management best practices, frameworks, processes, and templates

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE:

12 years of effective program management experience leading cross functional, transformational projectsprograms
Project Management certification(s) required (PMP, PgMP, PMI-ACP, Scrum Master, etc.)
Lean Six Sigma experience a plus 
Expert in program and project management methodologies (Waterfall, Agile, etc.)
Strong business acumen with ability to drive and make business decisions
Understanding of technology dependent project implementation a plus
Proficient technical understanding to be able to converse in standard storage industry terminology 
Requires strong leadership, interpersonal, organizational, excellent verbal and written communication, and facilitation skills
Requires slide deck preparation and strong presentation skills (Google Slides)
Smartsheet (or Project Management tool equivalent) experience required
Highly analytical, fact driven, and is process-oriented
Team player with a can-do attitude
High attention to detail

You will be based in Santa Clara. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
Location: US, Santa Clara Based; Minimum of 3xweek in the office 
The annual base salary range is: 167,000-251,000.  Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information.BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.