BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE... 
You will be part of the IT team supporting our SAP Service Logistics implementation which is a vital part of our IT infrastructure needed to maintain the outstanding service that has helped Pure achieve the highest customer satisfaction scores in the industry. You will be joining a growing team based out of our central Bangalore office and you will work closely with our business and project team members to evaluate business needs, prioritizing requirements, defining process flows and solutions working in an agile environment. 
What Youll Do


 Facilitate technical requirement gathering, blueprinting, technical documentation, development, testing, and implementation of technical solutions using ABAP, Fiori, and UI5 


 Provide support during and Post Go-live and logging of production issues (Troubleshooting Issues, Enhancements, Queries, Reports) 


 Perform testing and troubleshooting activities to ensure system performance and efficiency is maintained 


 Ensure compliance with internal and external policies, procedures and regulations related to SAP S4 HANA 


 
Requirements


8 years SAP experience as an analystdeveloper in the SAP. 


Strong programming background in ABAPABAP OO.


Expertise in RICEFW (Reports, Interfaces, Conversions, Enhancements, Forms and Workflow).


Good experience in Enhancements (BADI, User exit, Customer Exit, Enhancement Spot, Modifications, BTE, Implicit  Explicit).


Knowledge of ALE  IDOC.


Excellent technical skills in ABAP Core Data Services (CDS)  OData  Fiori  UI5.


Modify standard FIORI apps using the SAP WebIDE  Business Application studio(BAS).


Implement SAP FIORI Out of the box applications.


Highly skilled in HTML5, CSS3, MVC, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Angular JS, React JS, JQuery.


Monitor SAP notes and resolve complex issues with the States implementation of the SAP FIORI application.


Enable, configure and customize SAP FIORI Launchpad Designer.


Perform SAP FIORI security, system administration, roles setup, FIORI Launchpad groups, role mapping.


Perform FIORI SPRO tasks to enable the FIORI apps.


Coordinate Test ids, created test scripts, helped in creating the training materials, cutover preparation, and go-live support.


Experienced with two or more functional areas such as SM, FI, SD, MM and Coordinating with other consultants of SM, FI, SD, MM for integration related issues. 


Knowledge of Inventory Management  Physical inventory: Stock transfers between storage locations, Plants, and company codes. Transfer postings for stock types. Design development of new movement types. 


Should have strong techno  functional skills. 


Bachelors Degree in Business, Computer Science, Information Systems or other related fields. 


 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.