BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.The Director of Product Lifecycle Operations will have the opportunity to focus on Portfolio Strategy, Product lifecycle, and partner closely with engineering leaders in the planning, implementation and operations within each business unit. The person in this position will lead the establishment and continuous evolution of the Pure Product Life Cycle including the processes, tools and methodologies for demand and portfolio management, project delivery, and communications.  
SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE

Construct and evolve a cohesive and consistent End-to-End Product Life Cycle process for developing and launching new products and services in addition to incremental product updates.
Manage the governance, compliance and reporting of the Product Life Cycle at an executive level.
Drive Cross Business Unit initiatives in a fast-paced, rapidly growing environment. 
Partner and coach Engineering and Product leaders on the portfolio wide Product Life Cycle to ensure implementation and consistency.
Develop and drive new process initiatives and streamline existing processes to ensure efficiencies at scale.
Define and onboard modern tools and methodologies that maximize predictability, agility and velocity.
Provide comprehensive and consistent program visibility to stakeholders, executives and team members via portals, dashboards and metrics.
Implement  manage enterprise PPM and related content management systems.
Manage global products  services programs in concert with cross-functional stakeholders and functional core teams.
Use exceptional communication skills to accurately convey project strategy, program risks  dependencies, manage issues  mitigations that deliver on the overall success of the program.

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

10 years of a strong, proven track record in one or more of the following disciplines: Program and Project Management  PLC Processes  Governance  New Product Introduction
Proven track record of building Product Life Cycles of Hardware, Software or Subscription products.
In-depth knowledge and experience in establishing and operationalizing project management methodologies, processes, reviews, and tools (waterfall, agile).
Ability to work strategically and collaboratively across departments.
Sound organizational, project management, communication skills and product life cycle knowledge
Comfortable with leading in a matrix organization and communicating with executive leaders 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills including presentation, with ability to coach others in executive level communications.
Must be willing and able to work in an open office, team environment.
Bachelors degree in Business, quantitativetechnical field, or equivalent practical experience.

You will be based in Santa Clara. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
The annual base salary range is: 152,000 - 229,000. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.