BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
Pure is looking for a highly motivated and proven B2B leader to lead our new Technical Evangelism team. As a Director of Technical Evangelism, you will be responsible for leading a team of experts who create world class technical content to support our GTM efforts, including industry thought leadership to inspire our customers and partners. Our technical evangelists take highly technical concepts and turn them into clear and compelling stories captured in all forms of content - including long-form written content, videos, blogs, demos, and presentations. Our technical evangelists will represent Pure at various speaking opportunities, and engage with our customers through our community programs and various customer engagements. 
As the leader of the technical evangelist team, you will help to establish the vision, structure, and strategic approach for this team to maximize their success. You will channel and elevate the technical capabilities and expertise of the team while supporting their growth and development. You will work with Product and Engineering leadership to ensure the team is continuously improving their understanding of our products, and partner with our Sales and Sales Engineering to deeply understand customers needs and environments. You will coordinate across functions to clearly define priorities for the team, setting standards and processes to establish this function within the greater marketing team and maximize the impact of the team. 
As a leader in the PMM team, you will also bring your expertise to help influence the overall messaging and direction of our GTM efforts.  
Key Responsibilities:

Lead a team of evangelists to develop the right technical content and engagements to support our GTM efforts
Drive the team to contribute to Pures strategic priorities by producing compelling technical enablement and marketing materials including product demos, presentations, webinars, blogs, and videos.
Coordinate across marketing and sales leadership to ensure content is being leveraged and is connected to outbound programs. 
Help the team to continue to build their expertise and their evangelism brand and reputation
Work with product management and engineering to ensure the team understands current and future features
Identify and fill gaps in content that prevent our field and customers from fully understanding and attaining value from Pure
Manage overall output (content calendar, engagements) of the team to help to track contributions and ROI

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

Experience managing teams, including skill and career development
Skilled at turning technical concepts into clear and engaging stories and out of the box thinking in how to elevate thought leadership and evangelism above the noise
Hands-on experience with structured and unstructured data, data services, and protocols including SMB and NFS
A minimum of 7 years of experience in a Sales Engineering, Consulting, Technical Marketing, or other technical selling role with an in-depth and hands-on understanding of data center infrastructure, primary, andor secondary storage
Must have public speaking experience and be comfortable in a range of speaking environments from 1-on-1 to large audiences
Experience in delivering white papers, best practices guides, product demos, presentations and enablement content
Broad, overall datacenter and software knowledge required with significant enterprise technical depth
Ability to operate in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple, concurrent priorities and projects.
Experience with content creation tools such as Adobe Creative Suite is a plus

You will be based in Santa Clara, CA. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
The annual base salary range is: 194,000  311,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-HYBRID, LI-ONSITE, LI-TF1BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.