BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
The Event Registration Specialist is responsible for creating registration forms, sites and mobile apps to support the conferences and meetings produced by the Events Team. You are a Cvent guru and love all things registration and event technology, reporting, and list management.
The Event Technology Registration Manager  will demonstrate competence in the following areas:

Relationships: Maintain positive working relationships with others, both internally and externally.
Communication: Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Organization: Excellent time management skills; attention to detail; the capacity to prioritize by assessing situations to determine urgency; ability to develop a work schedule, set goals, create  implement actions plans and monitor progress towards goals; and ability to make clear, timely decisions.
Needs Assessment: Anticipate, understand, and respond to the needs of attendees
Teamwork: Work cooperatively and effectively with others to set goals, resolve problems, and make decisions to enhance organizational effectiveness; ability to undertake self-directed tasks when necessary.
Attention to Detail: Superior attention to detail, providing a high caliber product with proper grammar, capitalization, punctuation and adhering to all brand guidelines 

Responsibilities:

Maintain Email accounts. Answer customers, partners and staff questions for events or forward to the correct person to respond. 
Build and maintain session scheduling, scanning reporting
App build, update, maintenance and support capabilities as required
Create and manage registration systems (CVENT) pulling reports, amending registrations, and adding breakout sessions, developing complex registration forms with multiple registration paths and types 
Working with air partners to collect and report travel information as required 
Build websites for events (using Cvent)  html knowledge an asset but not required
Assist with large event registrations

Update registrant details
Update registration paths
Manage reg list for external and internal attendees


Assist with registration onsite and prior to events

Printing name badges, setting up registration onsite, working with suppliers on providing name badge and attendee details
Manage registration lists for various groups


Report building and distribution
Administrative duties

Assisting with updating documents as needed  (FAQs, photography schedule, contact list, internal intranet etc.)


Create and maintain hotel rooming and activity lists
Create and maintain hotel rooming and activity lists
Other logistics duties as assigned
Provide support to Director of Events if required
Ability to travel internationally 20 - will need to be able to travel outside the US to provide onsite support and lead registration

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...
Qualifications:

Microsoft experience  Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook
CVENT registration system experience - certified  (required)
Google suite experience 
HTML knowledge an asset
Time management
Problem Solving 
Proactive with the ability to work on own
Ability to prioritize 
Passkey
Rooming block and list management

You will be based in Santa Clara, CA. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
The annual base salary range is: 116,000  174,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-HYBRID, LI-ONSITE, LI-TF1BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.