BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
We are seeking an HR Functional Workday Analyst to join our team. The person in this role will be reporting to the Senior Manager, People Technology, in HRIT. The HRIT Systems team enables our internal customers to optimize andor facilitate their programs through HR Systems and technology. You will be an advocate for delightful user experiences. You recognize Workdays limitations and, when necessary, are comfortable suggesting alternatives. You have the experience in Core HCM, Compensation, Absence, Time Tracking , payroll, and Reporting. Highly skilled in setting security groups, hierarchies, organizations, and overall administration of security, gathering requirements, leading discovery sessions, business process configuration, report writer (advanced, composite, matrix, transposed, and trended reports), calculated fields, creates dashboards, builds integrations through EIBs and cloud connectors.
What Youll Do

Work on Core HCM, Absence, Time Tracking, payroll, and Reporting.
Work with both internal and external stakeholders to gather and analyze business requirements and drive the planning, development, testing, and implementation of the Workday HCM system.
Ensuring the integrity of HR Systems, primarily but not limited to Workday.
Core responsibilities include troubleshooting issues, configuration, and testing to implement solutions to drive adoption and ease of use.
Provide subject matter expertise on and participate in enhancement design and scoping
Develop and articulate solution options that incorporate user experience, scalability, security, and best practices.
Partner with the customers to develop test strategies, test scenariosscripts, as well as execute systemsE2E testing in preparation for user acceptance testing.
Collaborate with the People HR Team, other product development groups, and Workday product experts to identify and define solutions for complex business requirements.

Requirements

4 years of proven experience in Workday HCM implementations development, testing, configuration, and deployment.
Proficient in creating Workday custom reports, Security roles, and domain access.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to author and present materials ranging from detailed technical specifications to high-level presentations.
Technical Acumen working in a Corporate Technology environment
bachelors or masters degree.
Must be able to work onsite 3 days a week to start and going to 5 days a week in the future

Pure creates opportunities for your development and career growth. 
At Pure, we believe that each Puritan is a leader contributing to the success of our business, regardless of role. We offer an assortment of learning options available to all Puritans, including workshops on leadership, management, career development and more! Were here to change the world and we hope you join us!  
Popular Perks 
Pure offers an unlimited vacation policy, free lunches, meditation rooms, free yoga classes and employee resource groups, such as Pure Equality and Pure Vets, to encourage all of our employees to maintain mind and body wellness. We offer numerous volunteer opportunities for employees to give back not only to the Bay Area, but across the globe. 
https:hrportal.ehr.compureUSWhat-To-Do-WhenLife-EventsJoining-Pure-Candidates 
The annual base salary range is: 105,000-158,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-UT1 
 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.