BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...

Lead and inspire a team of Global  Account Managers , and ensure that the Pure Culture and Values are embedded into your team.
Hire additional Global Account Managers as the business demands.
Provide leadership to the extended Pure Storage team aligned to your Region  (SEs, ChannelGSI Managers, Inside Sales reps, etc.).
Closely manage and enable the teams performance related to KPIs including pipeline growth, partner team alignment, forecast accuracy, POC management. At all times maintain a 4X pipeline to goal.
Recruit, develop and maintain strong relationships with channelGSI partner principals, GAMs, AEs and leadership teams.
Drive sales call activity and lead by example. Ensure that each member of the team attains or over-achieves quota.
Significant field travel expected.
Deliver business results which include annual bookings goal, new logo production and GAM participation at or above goal.
Weekly review of activities, pipeline and if pipeline insufficient to deliver plan.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills required.
Performance management of team.

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

5 years successful field sales management experience in storage or core Information Technology infrastructure in highly competitive environment.
Experience selling to IT departments and IT management is required.
Passionate and persuasive. Excellent verbal communication skills.
Proven track record of recruitment and associate development.
Must have strong written and verbal communication skills and be able to clearly and effectively articulate Pure Storages value.
Must be organized, detail and process oriented.
Ability to manage multiple tasks and use good judgment in identifying root causality and problem solving.
Ability to coordinate Pure Storage resources to execute a complex sales strategy and large pursuit.
Ability to use CRM and other online tools effectively.
BABS required.

 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.