BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.The FlashArray Technical Marketing Team is responsible for supporting the go-to-market strategy and execution for our flagship product, FlashArray. Technical Marketers and Evangelists on our team focus on creating world-class technical content that helps our field connect our solutions to customer challenges. This is done through enablement of our field sellers and education of customers through long-form written content, videos, blogs, demos, and presentations. Our team works cross functionally with Product Management, Engineering, Sales, Partners, Enablement, and Executive Staff.
This is a unique and exciting opportunity to join the FA Technical Marketing team as a Principal Technical Marketing Engineer for FlashArray File Services. In this role, youll help expand Pures reach by creating enablement, partner-facing, and customer-facing content that positions FlashArray File Services as the best way to store structured and unstructured file data. This position is critical to the Pure FlashArray vision of truly unifying Block and File data for customers.
Key Responsibilities:

Be the SE orgs virtual leader and SME that drives technical sales enablement for Flash Array File Services.
You will work with FlashArray product management and engineering to understand current and future feature payloads and product strategy in order to provide in-flight feedback.
Contribute to Pures FlashArray strategic priorities by producing compelling technical enablement and marketing materials including product demos, presentations, webinars, blogs, and videos.
Identify and fill gaps in content that prevent our field and customers from fully understanding and attaining value from FlashArray File Services.
Understand the competitive landscape and develop messaging that differentiates FlashArray File Services from the rest of the industry.
Be able to explain complex technical systems and concepts to technical and non-technical audiences through both written and verbal communication.

What Youll Need To Bring To This Role...

Hands-on experience with structured and unstructured data, data services, and protocols including SMB and NFS
7 years of experience in a Sales Engineering, Consulting, Technical Marketing, or other technical selling role with an in-depth and hands-on understanding of data center infrastructure, primary, andor secondary storage.
Must have public speaking experience and be comfortable in a range of speaking environments from 1-on-1 to large audiences.
Strong aptitude for translating technical differentiators into simple stories
Administrative experience with structured and unstructured file data.
Experience in delivering white papers, best practices guides, product demos, presentations and enablement content.
Broad, overall datacenter and software knowledge required with significant enterprise technical depth.
Proven track record of taking ownership and driving results.
Ability to operate in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple, concurrent priorities and projects.
Must be willing to travel up to 30 of the time and have a valid US Passport.
Experience with content creation tools such as Adobe Creative Suite is a plus

You will be based in Santa Clara, CA. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
The annual base salary range is: 117,000 - 251,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information.BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.