BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.What Youll Do

Work with senior members of the team to analyze business requirements, translating those requirements into optimal solutions using the Salesforce platform.
Implement Salesforce solutions that adhere to platform best practices and perform peer code reviews. Typical Salesforce implementations include custom platform development (Apex, Lightning Components, Apps, Mobile, and Custom front ends, etc...), integrations with back office systems (often through the use of middleware tools) and complex data migrations. Experience in one or more of these aspects of a Salesforce project is a must.
Participate in development workstreams, from design through testing and deployment.
Knowledgeable of DevOps principles and experience leveraging DevOps tools to deliver solutions in an agile methodology.
Maintain effective client relations and rapport - delivering timely and relevant information with the ability to quickly identify and report project risks.
Post-delivery - assists client teams in supporting the live application and perform handoff and knowledge transfer activities, positioning our clients for long term success.

Requirements

Bachelor degree or above in IT or related disciplines required.
Minimum of 2 years with customization on the Salesforce Lightning platform (Sales Cloud) which should include: Lightning Components using the Lightning Design System framework, Apex, Apex data loader, and declarative platform tools. (Process Builder, Visual Workflow, Lightning App Builder, etc.)
Minimum 2 years of experience with web application development including JavaScript, CSS, or HTML5.
A minimum of 2 year of exposure to Salesforce.com APEX data loader and integrations
Ability to adapt to a dynamic work environment and be creative within a team.
Salesforce relevant certifications (Platform App Builder, PD1, Trailhead Super badges) preferred

You will be based in Prague, Czech Republic. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.