BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.Pure Storage revolutionized the storage market with their all-flash arrays and non-disruptive upgrades, and were looking to do it again with Storage as a Service. Were looking for a highly motivated Product Manager who wants to lead innovation leveraging our portfolio of storage and data services by combining them with emerging AI technologies. 
The right person for this job has big ideas and is passionate about reimagining the way businesses buy and consume storage services. Youll need to understand Pure Storage products and services  to identify growth opportunities. Leverage your knowledge of SaaS platforms and AIData Science to build the next generation of AI products to enhance our customer experience. Pure1 is an industry leading SaaS platform providing customers information to manage and optimize their storage and data services leveraging the predictive intelligence platform , Pure1 Meta, to bring our vision for digital self-service and self-driving storage. 
Youre also comfortable working in an outside-in model, interacting closely with customers, partners and sellers and then driving a tight feedback loop with engineering to build the services that will enable pure to continue revolutionizing the storage industry. cloud  with strong messaging and storytelling skills to develop a customer-centric narrative and marketing strategy, and deliver engaging marketing experiences to drive top-level business goals.
SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
As Product Manager Pure1 digital growth across Partners and Customers, you will be deeply committed to understanding customer problems and delivering products that delight them. Your responsibilities include:

Creating and evolving a full product strategy and codifying it with a simple to articulate vision.
Understand the AI  Data Science solutions as well as AIOPs offerings in the market and the competitive environment . 
Utilize understanding of the AI technologies to generate solutions, then manage them from concept through delivery into the market.  Evaluate and prioritize deep learning frameworks, large language models, data science frameworks, and others, to identify solutions that combine with data-driven systems. 
Have strong skills in customer needs assessment and use case validation , market sizing, competitive analysis and understanding technology trends.
Define features and software capabilities to enable high adoption from customers and partners to build a high growth subscription business 
Lead multi-year roadmap discussions, product prioritization and requirements definition.  Work with engineering counterparts to prioritize, design , integrate feedback for enhancements to shape a compelling product with measurable metrics .
Collaborate with customers, partners, CTO, and Sales and Marketing to identify, define, and articulate a winning use case centric go-to-market model.
Work with User experience team to  enable delightful yet simple user experience with a focus on high adoption for all digital processes and product capabilities on the SaaS platform 
Engage with key account field sales teams and channel partners to support the sales process and drive the overall customer engagement model.
Key spokesperson and evangelist for Pure and your product area at conferences and customer meetings

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

6 years Product Management experience
AI technologies and or infrastructure analytics related experience 
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent. MBA is a plus.
Have good knowledge of cloud (IaaS, PaaS or SaaS) business models.
Experience with building  subscriptions products , Cloud and SaaS a plus 
Be a change agent with ability to operate in a fast-paced environment
Must be willing and able to work in an open office, team environment.

You will be based in Santa Clara. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
The annual base salary range is: [185,000  277,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
 LI-HYBRID, LI-ONSITEBE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.