BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.The People Analytics team at Pure Storage is seeking a Senior BI Engineer - a hands-on and motivated data wizard who is passionate about unleashing the power of data to help us inform decision making, achieve our strategic objectives, and hire and retain world-class talent. As an integral part of the team, the Senior BI Engineer will leverage their technical skills and business acumen to turn data into knowledge and drive business success.
The ideal candidate will play a key role in designing and developing the critical BI infrastructure that will enable analysts and stakeholders to quickly and easily get the data they need and generate insights. Heshe must be able to develop ETLELT pipelines, design data models, and utilize advanced SQL skills to create data warehouse views. In addition, heshe should be experienced in data wrangling, as well as designing and implementing reporting and analytics solutions. The Senior BI Engineer will work closely with BI Analysts to deliver dashboards, predictive analytics models, and deep, below the surface insights that are not readily available from basic reporting. 
Responsibilities:

Serve as the team expert on data infrastructure, helping to evaluate alternatives, make design decisions, and implement end-to-end solutions that enable analysts and stakeholders to get the data and insights they need.
Build ETL (or ELT) data pipelines to transform, aggregate, and structure data from the data lake and prepare it for analysis. 
Design data models that define how the tables, columns, and data elements from different sources are connected and stored, based on our reporting and analytics requirements.
Develop Snowflake views that can be used as a data source in Tableau.
Partner with analysts and stakeholders to understand business requirements and develop efficient, highly performant, scalable solutions.
Conduct data wranglingcleaning to transform raw data into a more usable format.
Troubleshoot data issues and conduct root cause analysis when reporting data is in question.

Requirements

7 years relevant experience with Data Warehousing, ETL Development, Data Modeling, BI tools, and solutioning, preferably with a globally recognized organization. 
Expert level SQL script writing skills (Snowflake preferred).
Advanced knowledge of one or more programming languages such as Python or R.
Experience in designing and creating data models for BI tools like Tableau, Power BI, Domo, Looker, etc.
BachelorsAdvanced degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology, Information Systems, or similar field of study.
You will be based in Bangalore, India. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.

Preferred

Domain expertise in HRPeople Analytics.
Backend experience with HR tools like Workday, Greenhouse, iCIMS, Qualtrics, etc. 
Strong communication skills and experience interacting directly with stakeholders to identify business requirements and deliver successful outcomes. 
Consider adding experience with People Analytics third party solutions
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.