BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark. 
SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
Pure Storage Critical Accounts Program is the highest level of escalation engagement within the company. The CAP program is designed to drive strategic corporate ownership of managing systemic issues with cross-functional teams, driving them to resolution with keen focus on communication and post-mortemlessons learned. We are looking for a Senior Manager, Critical Account Program.
Job Responsibilities:

Lead the Critical Accounts Program for Pure Storage and set the strategic direction for the CAP managers on your team
Create, define, maintain and report KPIs for CAP EngagementsCAP Team. Monitor statistics and coach management teams where necessary to ensure timely, quality service is offered to all customers. Recommend necessary changes based on constant and evolving in-depth analysis of KPIs.
Engage your management powers to facilitate the development and success of the CAP team.  Coach and guide the team to ensure Pure values are exemplified at every given opportunity.
Develop and maintain governance, policies, procedures, and specifications to assure that individual and team goals and objectives are achieved
Prepare and report to senior leadership regularly on KPI, progress on goals, issuesconcerns, and any other pertinent information.
Ensure the CAP team is effectively managing customer and product escalations while coordinating cross-functional teams.  
Communicate critical issue status updates and overall progress of systemic productoperational issues that negatively impact Pure customerspartners and Pure brand, with potential of media exposure
Outstanding Leadership skills; ability to manage complex conditions and drive accountability at all levels - above and below.
Adept at all levels of customer engagement and interaction.
This Individual will need to manage executive expectations and coordinate technical resources.
Ability to work with a wide range of people (from top level C-level executives down) and to adapt quickly to a wide range of situations and industries.

 
WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

7-10 years of experience leading a Critical Accounts Program and 10 years of management experience. 
Bachelors degree required; equivalent experience considered
Able to multitask, influence, negotiate, and delegate with a strong sense of urgency and accountability
Manage crisis situations outside of normal working hours as needed 
Dedication to understanding cause and effect- ability to unravel complicated problem statements and work with cross-functional teams to determine required areas of improvement
Ability to create policies and processes where they do not exist, develop and implement governance where required, and bring order where there is complexity and uncertainty. 
Adapt to change and effectively organize work according to business priorities
Exceptional oral and written communication and presentation skills.
Outstanding skills and experience in complex problem solving.
Strong capacity for influencing and negotiating.
Experience with Salesforce Incident Management, a plus.

 
The annual base salary range is: 109,000 - 232,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information.




 


BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.