BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
Pure is looking to hire a Manager to oversee a team of SDRs that cover Germany and France. In this role you will: 

Be responsible for employee enablement, evaluation of staff and development of talent.
Manage team performance against quotas, forecasts and key metrics for the ISO team - executes operating plans and ensures ISO objectives are met.
Collaborate and team cross-functionally with our partners, marketing, and operations on campaign design and execution.
Help with recognition and reward program design.
Drive TeleQualified Lead (TQLsMeetings) and bookingspipeline growth through consistently achieving individual and team quotas.
Monitor daily activity of SDRs including outbound calls, targeting specific customers to achieve objectives and running sales support activities.
Conduct weekly 1-1s and team meetings to maintain consistent communication and collaboration with each team member.
Coach and drive activity planning for a diverse approach to customer prospecting ranging from marketing follow up, sales AE engagement and channel teaming.
Establish and report on key metrics to measure the performance of the inside sales activities; create plans and execution steps to correct deficiencies where necessary.
Collaborate with the cross theatre inside and outside sales leadership on operational excellence, consistency, territory planning and execution.
Maintain and promote a successful and positive work environment.
Train new hires and provide coaching and mentoring to direct reports.

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

Sales Management or supervisory experience in the storage or high-tech industry.
Demonstrated experience as an SDR andor Inside sales rep.
Demonstrated experience building, training, handling, growing and developing a world-class inside sales team.
Consistent record of successful management of your team members.
Demonstrated knowledge  expertise setting up of different inside sales tools, methodologies, technologies and customer relationship management (CRM) systems: SalesForce.Com, Insidesales.com, Discover.org etc.
Knowledge of virtualisation technology, database, and deep understanding storage preferred.
Demonstrated experience with selling through partners in an inside sales management role.
Bachelors degree in area of specialty, masters degree a plus.
Business fluent German and English language skills, French is a plus.
Must be legally authorised to work in either the UK or Germany without visa sponsorship 
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.