BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE 
We are looking for self-motivated individuals with a proven track record in building data management solutions that solve customer business challenges. You will partner with other solutions services consultants to mentor them as you partner with customers, Sales, SE and Product teams, to develop highly scalable, resilient data management solutions that deliver the outcomes defined by our customers. You love thinking strategically about business problems, products, and technical challenges and thrive on connecting technology with measurable business value for customers.  Most importantly, working as a team with your peers to close massive deals energizes you.
WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING 

Develop new-to-market offerings to drive new business.
Mentor and partner with services solutions consultants as needed.
Manages specific focal areas within the Pure Portfolio.
Cultivate a professional and consultative relationship with the customer up to and including the c-level, purchasing and storage administrative level, by developing a core understanding of the unique business needs of the customer.
Strategically drive new business in enterprise accounts in close synergy with the account teams to achieve product and services bookings targets.
Have a passion for designing, developing and building large scale data management solutions for major enterprise customers.
Customarily and regularly engage at client facilities and deliver high impact presentations, leveraging strong technical skills.
Take on a leadership role in analyzing requirements and performing advanced solution designs across a breadth of Pure and Hyper-scaler products and services.

WHAT YOU BRING TO THIS TEAM

8 years experience with selling into industry vertical.
7 years designing solutions including virtualization, storage, security and networking.
Recognized industry certification is preferable.
Quota bearing experience preferred.
Bachelors degree.
Expert working knowledge of the sales process, including the identification of customer use cases, development of ROI models, and value-based selling.
Intimate working knowledge on how to size, scope and position Pures Services Portfolio.
High degree of technical competency to respond to customer needs and to discuss product capabilities and applications with technical usersbuyers.
Proficient in coordination and submission of winning proposals (RFQs, RFIs, RFPs), effective contract negotiations, appropriateapplicable interpretation of contract terms and conditions, issue identification and risk mitigation.
Demonstrated experience in selling and closing large, solution-oriented opportunities.
Competency in some or all of the technology pillars that enable customers to leverage Pures Modern Data Experience - Data ManagementProtectionMigration, AnalyticsAIML, Business Applications, and MultiCloud.
Working understanding of Hybrid Cloud strategies and major players in this space.
Well versed on strengths and weaknesses of key competitors in the data storage industry and how to leverage this knowledge.
Working knowledge of Go To Market Sales Motions across both Enterprise and Global accounts.
Ability to work individually in managing complex challenges.
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office  Google suite.
Solid understanding of the use of Salesforce or Sales CRM Equivalents.
Up to 25 travel is possible.

-- The annual OTE range is: 185,000  309,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations.-- This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity.-- And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-Remote LI-RS
 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.