BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE
The Pure Storage Federal Principal Technologist (PT) is a senior level technical thought leader within the Global Strategy and Solutions (GSS) organization. They engage with customers, partners, and sales teams at a regional level to provide technical leadership for the most complex strategic pursuits and sales opportunities. The PT is part of the Office of the CTO with all the responsibilities and privileges that confers.
This senior level resource will be comfortable quickly establishing themselves as a thought leader and trusted advisor with their customer stakeholders. The PT must be knowledgeable across industry, business, IT strategy, and technology domains and be comfortable presenting to customer IT and C-suite executives, discussing process with business managers, working with app teams on solutions architecture, and with storage admins designing operating models and integrations  from boardroom to hackathons to storage operations.
In addition, its critical they are accustomed to creating a value proposition that is directly linked to a customers business model and desired outcomes, be skilled in quickly learning new business models and drivers and have the ability to articulate how Pure and our partners can help them meet their goals. They will also keep up with the latest trends, be a visionary thinker, and have experience driving technology change in organizations.
Finally, the successful PT will have come from a technical background and have transitioned through an architecture role before growing their business and commercial skills. They will have gained understanding of customers business fundamentals and industry drivers using consultative methods, and will have built rapport with business leaders in order  to ensure that new disruptive approaches are implemented.
If the above description intrigues you, continue reading below for more details!
Primary Duties  Responsibilities

Consult with customer technical executives, cross-sell Pures full solutions, services, subscriptions, and products portfolio, present Pures vision and roadmap, and bring in the breadth and depth of Pures technical community from the SE organization and its specialists, Customer Experience, the Product Business Group (PBG), and Field CTOs..
Produce high quality collateral for customers in the form of presentations, short papers, demonstrations, proofs of concept, etc. Act as an external influencer in the form of social media content, blogs, webinars, speaking at industry events and publishing whitepapers.
Work in close partnership with the PBG and CTO organizations to shape and distribute technical strategy to the field and drive PBG campaigns and market initiatives. 
Participate in the overall sales to PBGBU feedback loop establishing credibility and trust with key PBG, sales, and SE leaders. Create, refine, and own a framework for collecting and prioritizing market and product feedback from the field and broadcast roadmap current state, prioritization, and changes back to the field, while minimizing field feedback that circumvents this process.
Be committed to lifelong learning dedicating up to 10 of your time to professional development. Attend industry conferences and disseminate the information gathered to peers and colleagues with an explicit goal of up leveling SEs. 
Responsible for the mentoring and development of SEs through the sharing of best practices, collateral, and enablement. Act as a curator of knowledge for the SE organization by selecting the best information they have received and research and package it for the SEs to cut through the noise.
Establish technical credibility with existing and prospective customers; providing the ability to cultivate relationships and envision creative sales and solution strategies that cross-sells the portfolio and generates additional revenue. 
Responsible for helping guide the account team to deliver the best solution in a dynamically evolving hyper-competitive environment
Identifying key trends and mapping customer challengesneeds with Pure Storages technology strategy and roadmap
Ignite excitement internally and externally around the companys long-term vision and ability to execute against the market trend while being the best choice for customers business.
Engage as a presenterspeaker in field marketing events and external influencing activities to drive pipeline

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE
Qualifications and Requirements 

Expert level knowledge of IT industry trends, broad and deep IT industry experience, and a high degree of business acumen. 
Must be able to  work in cross-functional teams in an autonomous manner and have a proven track record of working on and leading large IT transformation projects.
Must have a strong understanding of data and storage technology. (deep understanding of  modern IT architecture, applications architecture and integration, Agile application development and DevOps methods, CICD, automation principles, hybrid cloud architecture, infrastructure operations, project management, IT security, and data protection). 
Ability to apply experience and confidence to take ownership of Pures solution and create structure when needed to deal with ambiguity or no existing Pure offering with which to fulfill the customers requirements is a must.
 Must have a  high degree of diplomacy and a strong emotional quotient.
A customer-first mentality and focus, with a passion to improve our customers business through Pures unique technology and business value
Product experience across a broad cross-section of technology vendors and specific experience in flash storage technologies
Strong executive presence and ability to evangelize concepts to a wide range of personas and dispositions
Proficient in driving for results with a sense of accountability and ability to change pace and focus in dynamically evolving hyper-competitive environment

Suggested Experience

10 years (industry relevant) vendor (pre-sales, technical) experience
7 years business experience with relevant storage, computer applications, FileObject, high performance architectures
Active TS-SCI Clearance preferred
Participation in technical community leadership programs such as VMware vExpert, Microsoft MVP, and Cisco Champion
End-user technology operations or architecture role experience
Experience selling to large enterprise accounts in a presales technical role

The annual base salary range is: 158,200 - 237,300. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information.
 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.