BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.
Position Responsibilities

Support Internal Audit with the execution of Pures Internal Audit charter, reporting to the SOX Senior Manager and necessitating a mutually accommodating flexible work schedule to address time zone differences.
Primarily, assist in planning, testing and reporting of the SOX program; occasionally, support operational audit, channel audit and other special projects.
Support planning and risk assessment of the SOX testing efforts, schedule and actively participate in walkthrough meetings and assess business and IT control design, execute control testing, evaluate and conclude on control assessments, provide periodic status updates to stakeholders; work closely with external auditors to facilitate control testing within an agreed upon timeline.
Regularly collaborate with SOX PMO and work closely with business partners to update process narratives and flowcharts as needed, evaluate and monitor controls. Also provide guidance and support to business partners in SOX readiness effort when new processes and applications come into scope of the SOX program.
Influence and promote new ideas and new ways of designing and executing assessments and audits through technology and data analytics.
Develop and maintain business relationships with appropriate levels of management to ensure Internal Audit is aware of business process or systems changes so that appropriate risk and control is addressed.
Execute operational audits and assess internal audit findings, including control weaknesses with an appropriate degree of professional skepticism, seeking to fully understand risks to Pure. Assist business partners with the development of remediation plans to mitigate control weaknesses.
Provide advisory to management as we scale.
Support special projects and investigations as needed.
Ability to travel internationally as needed to fulfill responsibilities.

Qualifications:

Experience in leading and executing US SOX compliance programs.
3 years of related assurance experience with exposure to public accounting andor risk assurance
Experience in evaluating processes, technology and controls associated with complex business applications.
Confident with no attitude.
Minimally, possess a Bachelors degree in finance  accounting.
CIA, ACCA, or related certifications; understanding of Accounting Standard 5 and other relevant US PCAOB and SEC guidance.
Display leadership qualities in everything you do, say or write, but can also get stuff done.
Possess an innate passion for learning (and teaching!) and enjoy working in a fluid environment.
Have a good sense of humor and balance.
Possess proven problem solving and analytical skills; detail oriented with the ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
Possess a positive, can-do attitude; a self-starter promoting project ownership and responsibility for actions; exhibiting project management skills.
Excellent interpersonal skills, professional working proficiency in English, both written and verbal communication; strong listening, negotiation and problem-resolution skills.
Flexible and adaptable to meet sudden non-routine and unstructured requests and investigations.
Exude integrity in every aspect of your persona and know what it means to be accountable.
Familiarity with cloud services and subscriptions; SAP and Salesforce a big plus.
Familiarity with sales, commissions, and other business processes required, familiarity with IT risk and controls a big plus.

BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.