BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.The Data  Analytics team at Pure Storage is seeking a Senior Data Engineer - a hands-on and motivated data wizard who is passionate about unleashing the power of data to help us inform decision making, achieve our strategic objectives, and hire and retain world-class talent. As an integral part of the team, the Senior Data Engineer will leverage their expert level technical skills to turn data into knowledge and drive business success.
The ideal candidate will play a key role in designing and developing the critical data infrastructure to get the data easily and generate insights . Heshe must be able to develop ETLELT pipelines, migrate data across systems, and utilize advanced SQL skills to transform and troubleshoot data. In addition, the candidate should be able to use Python to quickly develop automations, perform analyses, and build data visualizations. The Senior Data Engineer will collaborate with other team members to deliver dashboards, predictive analytics models, and deep, below the surface insights that are not readily available from basic reporting. 
Responsibilities:

Serve as the team expert on data infrastructure, standardized reporting ,helping to evaluate alternatives, make design decisions, and implement end-to-end solutions by providing data and insights to the stakeholders 
Build ETL (or ELT) data pipelines to transform, aggregate, and structure data from the data lake and prepare it for analysis. 
Design data models that define how the tables, columns, and data elements from different sources are connected and stored, based on our reporting and analytics requirements.
Develop Snowflake views that can be used as a data source in Tableau.
Partner with analysts and stakeholders to understand business requirements and develop efficient, highly performant, scalable solutions.
Conduct data wranglingcleaning to transform raw data into a more usable format.
Troubleshoot data issues and conduct root cause analysis when reporting data is in question.

Requirements

10 years relevant experience with Data MigrationsETL Development, Data Warehousing, Data Transformations, and Data Troubleshooting on the backend preferably with a globally recognized organization. 
Expert level SQL script writing skills (Snowflake preferred).
Advanced knowledge of one or more programming languages such as Python or R.
BachelorsAdvanced degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology, Information Systems, or similar field of study.

 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.