BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
The Principal of Product Operations will be responsible for overseeing the product operations for the entire Portworx product portfolio as well as driving key initiatives. This role will focus on rolling out processes, collaborating on major initiatives that go outside the group, and driving the telemetry and product intelligence dashboards. The role will work cross-functionally across the teams of PM, Engineering, UX, CTO office, Partners, Marketing, Customers, Sales as well as the Executive Staff. The Product Operations person will:

Drive key initiatives for the Product Management team and initiatives that go across multiple teams
Setup, maintain, and analyze key dashboards for the PM team to track and report out on user behaviour, feature usage, product adoption, and product metrics
Own the product adoption and growth of the SaaS offerings and work with cross functional teams to develop initiatives to scale the product adoption
Drive organizational process improvements with the insights gained from the metrics
Work with product management leadership to continuously improve data driven decision making processes
Build and deliver reports for key organizational ops reviews and ensure the product metrics stay relevant and current.
Track and ensure accurate reporting on the KPIs and the corresponding OKRs
Plan and organize user interviews and other market research
Overseeing quality assurance checks on new features
Developing business processes to streamline product development
Managing tools (for roadmapping, prototyping, etc.) that the product team uses
Working closely with support and sales to improve the customer experience

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

12 years of experience designing and shipping products as part of across-functional product team or product operations lead
BABS degree or equivalent
Strong background in product management and operational processes
Strong communication skills and the ability to communicate complex concepts clearly and persuasively across different audiences and varying levels of the organization
Knowledge of UX, Engineering, QEQA, and business operations processes
Experience of enterprise SaaS products is desired
Knowledge of SaaS tools for user and usage monitoring
Experience rolling out process changes across multiple functional areas
You will be based in Bangalore, India. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.
BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.