BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...
The  Business Operations Manager, Integrated Operations PMO will support key strategic company initiatives including the implementation and rollout of a third-party software applications evaluation and approval process and governance model across Pure. This role will work directly with senior leaders in Integrated Operations, Go-to-Market, Finance, Legal, IT, and more to drive strategic investments in Pures technology ecosystem. The Sr. Business Operations Specialist will primarily design processes that streamline new application purchases and application renewals, drive appropriate levels of decision making, and ensure security and compliance policies are met. This role will build reports and dashboards to track process compliance, application spend, as well as other KPIs to measure the success of the initiative and drive continuous process improvement across the portfolio. The Sr. Business Operations Specialist will also partner with Go-To-Market teams to shepherd new and existing Marketing, Sales, and Customer Support systems through this process with the goal of optimizing the GTM tech stack. 
This is a fast-paced and constantly evolving environment that requires excellent communication skills as well as the ability to multi-task and work toward tight deadlines. The Sr. Business Operations Specialist will possess strong stakeholder management and collaboration skills. Previous experience in project management and software vendor evaluation is highly desired.
WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

Work directly with cross-functional leadership and teams to support strategic company programs and initiatives
Design and implement a scalable process and governance model for business applications selection, evaluation, and approval to drive process standardization, cost optimization, and tech stack consolidation
Create both high level and detailed process flow diagrams
Define requirements, select tool(s), and roll out solution to automate applications review process
Create training presentations, how-to guides, and other enablement materials 
Socialize process and drive change management 
Run monthly application review board meetings and follow up on action items from board meetings with application requesters and approvals 
Partner with GTM groups (Sales, Marketing, CX) to shepherd new and existing Marketing, Sales, and Customer Support systems through the applications review and approval process
Track and report on process compliance, applications portfolio spend metrics, and other KPIs to leadership 
Proactively identify issues and develop solutions to make processes better for the stakeholder teams
Work closely with other team members to share knowledge and best practices and facilitate standardization across the applications review process
Drive continuous process improvement across portfolio of strategic company projects

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

8 years experience in a Business Operations, Business Transformation, Program Management, Sales  Marketing  Revenue Operations, Management Consulting or related role
Bachelor degree in business, engineering, or related fields (MBA preferred)
Experience leading process improvement (Lean Six Sigma experience preferred)
Experience leading evaluation and selection of Sales, Marketing, andor Customer Support systems
Experience with Smartsheets or other project management tools preferred
Experience administering Tableau or other BI applications preferred
Excellent stakeholder management skills
Excellent verbal and written communication and presentation skills 
Must have a can do attitude and have an internal strong sense of urgency
Must be eligible to work in the US without requiring sponsorship
You will be based in Santa Clara, CA. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.

The annual base salary range is: 127,000-191,000. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
INCLUDE FOR POSTING LOCATION IDENTIFICATION
LI-HYBRIDBE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.