BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.Pure Storage Digital Transformation Group is looking for experienced technology enthusiasts ready for a challenging IT career. Be a Sr. Salesforce Developer in our team, who is responsible for the solutions that we deliver to our customers.
What Youll Do

Design and develop robust Salesforce solutions, leveraging Salesforce declarative (Creating Fields, Objects, Actions, Sharing Rules, Profiles, Permission sets, Processes, Flows, Workflows, Validation Rules etc.) or programmatic tools (Apex, SOQL, Visualforce, Lightning, Aura components)
Act as a mentor to your colleagues, be a learning path guide, encourage best practices, review and propose self-development activities
Stay on top of Salesforce ecosystem latest trends, progress the Salesforce Certification path, keep your Trailhead profile impressive
You will be based in Bangalore, India. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.

Requirements

Bachelors degree in computer science or equivalent
Minimum 5 years of experience with Salesforce development (Sales Cloud required).
At least 5 years of experience in custom development using APEX or Visualforce  Lightning
Hands on experience with Flows and Process builder, ability to articulate on bulk triggers
Experience with Salesforce.com Web Services APIs
Good understanding of Object-Oriented Programming
Strong analytical, organizational and problem-solving skills
Good oral and written communication skills
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Experience working with Salesforce CPQ preferred.

 BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.