BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.Pure Storage Acquired Portworx in October 2020, Creating the Industrys Most Complete Kubernetes Data Services Platform for Cloud Native Applications. This acquisition represents Pures largest to date and our deeper expansion into the fast-growing market for multi-cloud data services to support Kubernetes and containers.
Press Release - September 16, 2020

SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE
We are looking for a highly motivated, persistent, polished and entrepreneurial Account Executive to focus on findingnurturingclosing deals related to Portworx. 
In this role you will: 

Grow a territory and manage deals from land to expand, doing major account planningselling
Work through partners in order to drive new business opportunities through them 
Understand prospect and customer use-cases in order to drive new business 
Plan and manage the relationships at both the strategic and operational level
Evaluate new opportunities and present recommendations to the management team
Conduct competitive and market intelligence sessions for customers
Work closely with the rest of Portworx salespre-salesSDR and engineering teams  
Give enablement sessions both 1:1 and 1:many in order to spread the word on Portworx
Leverage all available documentation, best practices, knowledge-base articles and other vehicles to assist customers

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

10 years experience in selling enterprise software and subscription software
A basic technical understanding of the enterprise software, container, cloud native, and storage domains
Ability to present Portworxs UVP, product, vision, strategy, and road map
Excellent interpersonal skills including written and oral communication, able to build relationships easily and deepen them over time
Avid hunter with proven prospecting skills, consistently opening doors to new customers and navigating seamlessly between the boardroom and the data center while passionately positioning the advantages of a Portworx solution
Authenticity and a genuine desire to engage customers and understand their business challenges
Thought leadership, creativity and a challenger mindset; the ability to apply your customer insights and expertise in technology solutions to position Pures portfolio to solve persistent problems
Ability to assess, plan, and actively manage a territory to achieve maximum revenue and efficiency
Expertise leading a complex sales process with multiple stakeholders, while fostering teamwork and shared ownership internally and with Partners
Consistent track record of exceeding quota and driving referenceable business
Passionate about post-sales customer success
Must be located in one of the following cities: Portland, Seattle, Salt Lake City, or Denver. 

The annual OTE range is: 226,000 - 373,000. Ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. This role may be eligible for incentive pay andor equity. And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information.BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.