BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.PURE IN PRAGUE
We opened our RD Second Home (besides the one in Silicon Valley) in Prague in January 2020 and since then we have experienced unbelievable growth. Our Engineers are solving complex engineering problems (from low-level system software to cloud computing) that help us innovate our cutting-edge products. Besides our world-class Software Engineering teams, we have many other talented colleagues working in Product Management, Sales, Finance, and HR to name a few. Whats more, weve developed these teams from talent across the globe.
ABOUT THE ROLE...
You will be responsible for design, development and expansion of data assets that support business intelligence, advanced analytics, and reporting. You will also develop, maintain, and support the enterprise data warehouse system, corresponding data marts, and data interfaces for use in reporting, analytics, and various applications. Deep experience building data management Data safety and a keen understanding of data management life cycle is critical for this role. Crisp communication and the ability to influence decisions is also important. Program Management capabilities will be needed to successfully deliver in this role.
IN THIS ROLE YOU WILL BE...

Develop solutions to manage core master data and quality.
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional  non-functional business requirements.
Identify, design, and automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources into Snowflake.
Create and review technical solution requirements documents.
Align with industry leading technology standards to develop solutions capabilities.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems.
Communication with internal team members and stakeholders in other time zones for the purpose of requirements clarification and progress reporting.

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...

5 years of experience as a Data Engineer.
Object-orientedobject function scripting languages: Python, Java.
Advanced relational SQL and NoSQL databases knowledge, including Postgres and Cassandra.
Hands-on experience in implementing Industry leading MDM solution capabilities for Entity Management, Hierarchy Management, Data Cleansing, Match and Merge, etc.
Hands-on experience with data modeling (logical, physical data models) and Meta-data.
Hands-on experience with data quality management capabilities and analysis.
Experience building and optimizing big data data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience with the data pipeline and workflow management tools: Airflow, etc.
Knowledge of AWS cloud services: Aurora, Kinesis.
Experience with stream-processing systems: Spark-Streaming, Kafka etc.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable big data data stores.
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment.

You will be based in Prague, Czech Republic. As this is an office-centric role, you are expected to be present in the office for 3 days a week. As outlined in Pures Hybrid Work Policy, there will be variations over periods of time, depending on business need.BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.