BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE.
What do NASA and emerging space companies have in common with COVID vaccine RD teams or with Roblox and the Metaverse? 
The answer is data, -- all fast moving, fast growing industries rely on data for a competitive edge in their industries. And the most advanced companies are realizing the full data advantage by partnering with Pure Storage. Pures vision is to redefine the storage experience and empower innovators by simplifying how people consume and interact with data. With 11,000 customers including 58 of the Fortune 500, weve only scratched the surface of our ambitions. 
Pure is blazing trails and setting records:

For ten straight years, Gartner has named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant 
Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a certified Net Promoter Score in the top 1 of B2B companies globally
Industry analysts and press applaud Pures leadership across these dimensions
And, our 5,000 employees are emboldened to make Pure a faster, stronger, smarter company as we go

If you, like us, say bring it on to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE...




Our ambitious goal of helping innovators build a better world with data started in 2009. Today, we are one of the fastest growing enterprise companies in history, surpassing 1B in revenue at the end of 2017.
The world is experiencing a technological revolution driven by AI, machine learning, virtual reality, quantum computing and self-driving cars -- all of which require large amounts of data and put Pures technology literally in the drivers seat. Our solutions deliver real-time, secure data to power mission-critical production, DevOps, and modern analytics in multi-cloud environments. With a Satmetrix NPS score in the top 1 of B2B companies worldwide, our customer-first culture and commitment to innovation create a thriving company that employees, customers, partners, and investors love. For more information on our business, check out the corporate fact sheet here.
The Role
The Receptionist position is a valued team member of the Physical Security  Safety department and plays a critical role for Pure Storage. Customer First is one of the companys core values and we care deeply about creating a positive experience for all our customers - whether theyre true customers, partners, candidates, or employees helping make Pure the best storage company in the world. Our receptionists are often the first face of Pure Storage that our customers, partners, and candidates see. If youre someone who cares about creating a great first impression and is passionate about superior customer service, this might be the role for you!
The successful candidate will be flexible, organized, proactive and collaborative. Someone who can prioritize, multi-task, and operate in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.

What You Will Be Doing
Greet  help guests connect with their intended host at Pure Storage
Problem-solve all issues that arise at the front desk
Ergonomics program supportticket response, ordering, task management
Walk-up requests from employees including badging, parking validations, deliveries
Supports the Executive Briefing Center and events
Answer operational questions such as how tos, etc.
Sort mail for distribution and pick up by employees
General administrative support activities





WHAT YOULL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE...





Office Experience of 2-3 years
Strong verbal and written communication skills, excellent interpersonal skills
Must be detail oriented
Friendly, energetic and a positive attitude
Must be able to multitask and can work well independently with little supervision
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment, managing changing priorities with constant
interruptions
Demonstrates flexibility, organization, and self-motivation
Proficient with the latest version of Google Workspace (sheets, docs, slides, calendar, gmail)





You will be based onsite in Santa Clara, CA.
The hourly range is: 22.12  33.17. Salary ranges are determined based on role, level and location. For positions open to candidates in multiple geographical locations, the base salary range is reflective of the labor market across the applicable locations. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events - check out purebenefits.com for more information. 
LI-ONSITEBE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY.
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey.
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events.
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY.
Research shows that in order to apply for a job, women feel they need to meet 100 of the criteria while men usually apply after meeting about 60. Regardless of how you identify, if you believe you can do the job and are a good match, we encourage you to apply.
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at TA-Opspurestorage.com.
APPLICANT  CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE.
If youre wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our Applicant  Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice.