Principal XM Success Manager - MXM
Why We Have This Role
The Customer Success Team is at the heart of Qualtrics. We partner with our customers throughout their experience journey and help them unlock the most value from our products and services. We understand our customers goals and, as trusted advisors, recommend solutions to the challenges they face. We are looking for scrappy and collaborative individuals to join our group and have a huge impact on customer retention and maturity. We have ambitious members on this team, and are always looking for more amazing talent!Qualtrics is seeking a Principal XM Success Manager who can ensure our customers are lifetime Qualtrics champions. If you are creative, a superb communicator and problem-solver, have the ability to build positive relationships, and want to work at a fast-growing tech company, Qualtrics could be the place youve been dreaming about.
The MXM team acts as strategic advisors to Qualtrics top customers, youll focus on 1-2 clients to assist them in becoming Qualtrics champions. The team focuses on being consultative guides to the customer to better their product knowledge, find key trends, and expand Qualtrics opportunities. This team is made up of top-tier Qualtrics champions that are focused on not only the long-term success of their company, but of Qualtrics as a whole.
How Youll Find Success
You will know you are doing an extraordinary job when your customers renew and expand their usage of Qualtrics. You have strong organizational skills, can juggle multiple priorities, and are a great communicator who empathizes with your audience. You are inventive in the face of challenges, you use your expertise to consult on best practices and refuse to give up until our clients succeed. You will develop and leverage deep Qualtrics product knowledge to drive customer program maturity, platform adoption, and expansion opportunities.
How Youll Grow
Working with high performing success managers to learn and develop client management strategiesIn-person interaction and mentorship from your team members
Things Youll Do


Drive Customer Success by converting users in a client organization into Qualtrics champions
Serve as the long-term customer relationship manager and product expert to mature, renew, and expand XM programs throughout the life of the partnership
Work with customers to define and document stakeholders business requirements, understand key business challenges and develop the customers vision into a value-based solution.
Develop and leverage deep Qualtrics product knowledge to drive customer program maturity, platform adoption, and expansion opportunities. Youll be enabled to demo and shape foundational components of an XM program to best assist your customers
Build and maintain multi-level client stakeholder relationships to ensure customer health and to drive expansion within existing accounts as program needs mature from the delivery of our key offerings.
Collaborate cross-functionally to improve overall customer experience leading to greater satisfaction and loyalty among our clients
Partner closely with Account Executives to build account plans and strategies to accelerate growth and XM maturation
Motivate your clients to carry their love of Qualtrics to other organizations


What Were Looking For On YourResume


Bachelors degree with 8-10 (dependent or role were hiring for) years of experience in a management consulting, CX, technical account management role, OR a masters degree with 3 years experience in a management consulting, CX, technical account management role
Track record of success in building customer relationships at multiple levels of a clients organization
Proven experience leveraging industry best practices, program operationalization, insight driven suggestions to mature Customer facing programs
Technical understanding of data integrations
Experience with data analytics  visualizations
Strong communication skills including written, analytical, presentation and verbal (English- Must, Foreign Languages- Plus) with the ability to effectively develop materials that are appropriate to the audience and evangelize key concepts and best practices
Ability to collaborate with teams across the organization while also being able to work independently and as a self-starter
Passion for solving customer challenges coupled with a commitment to customer experience and satisfaction
Ability to properly explain technical tasks to non-technical stakeholders
Ability to multi-task as heshe will be expected to work on multiple engagementsinitiatives simultaneously.
Willingness to travel up to 20 or as customer requires


What You Should Know About This Team
Strong focus on employee growth and developmentOpportunity to grow into larger success teams through career development and mentorship
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits


Work life integration is deeply important to us - we have frequent office events, team outings, and happy hours
Qualtrics Experience Program - 1,500 for an experience of your choosing (eligible after a year)
We take pride in our offices design aiming at fostering creativity from our rooftop views to an open and collaborative work space.
30 paid days off - 15 PTO  5 Personal Days  10 Holiday Closures (additional after a year)
On top of standard benefits package (medical employees and their families, dental, vision, life insurance, etc) we provide snacks, drinks, and free lunches in our office
We believe in sharing Qualtrics success which is part of the compensation for all employees

To learn more about what we value read about it directly from our employees Qualtrics Life stories

 

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.

 