
At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.

 
Deal Desk Analyst
 
 
Why We Have This Role
 
The Deal Support team is a really exciting and unique opportunity where youre working closely with our salespeople, to keep them free to do what they do best - sales. The Deal Desk supports Sales working with Sales Operations, Product Management, Legal, and Finance leadership to deliver analytical solutions and pricing models to meet business objectives. You will help manage and improve Qualtrics pricing structures, capabilities, and policies based on insights from internal and external sources including, statistical models (e.g., Conjoint, MaxDiff, etc.), competitive dynamics, market trends, customer research, and cost information.
 
 
How Youll Find Success
 
You will find success in this role by having a customer-first mentality and effectively collaborating with cross-functional teams including Sales, Finance, Legal, and Operations. Your ability to analyze and interpret deal-related information, identify growth opportunities, and develop pricing strategies will contribute significantly to our revenue growth objectives.
 
 
How Youll Grow
 
You will be part of a global organization who is constantly evolving, learning and growing. In addition to the continual learnings of pricing, sales processes and the technology industry - our team is constantly evolving our processes and enhancing our individual team members skill sets. We facilitate this by constantly providing trainings and learning and development opportunities as well as cross-functional projects to build our skillsets.
 
Things Youll Do


Act as a Sales-facing subject matter expert on process, policy, and pricingpackaging related matters
Assist Sales teams in building and positioning complex orders, which involves acting as the liaison between Sales and key partners involved in the deal structuring process (e.g. Sales Operations, Accounting, Finance, Legal, Order Management, Product Marketing, etc.)
Be responsible for the day-to-day quote and pricing approvals.
Partner with Sales to ensure opportunities are properly built and tracked in Salesforce including stage, probability, booking amount, and various other required fields.
Capture and operationalize feedback from Qualtrics sales teams about the effectiveness of pricing and packaging and provide actionable guidance on areas of opportunity and improvement.
AidSales with constructingQuotes, Rate Cards, and Enterprise Licensing Agreements
Analyze pricing, discounting, and margin data
Maintain an agreed upon SLA on deal turnaround times


 
What Were Looking For On Your


Undergraduate degree in Business, Finance, Marketing, Economics, Strategy, Statistics or other relevant majors
Business English communication skill
2 years of experience in deal desk, finance, or sales operations roles
Strong analytical and quantitative skills, with the ability to interpret large, complex data
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills for effective collaboration with cross-functional teams
Working knowledge of Sales organizations, Sales quotas, and CRM platforms (i.e. Salesforce.com)
Detail-oriented with strong organizational skills to manage multiple concurrent deals
Experience delivering against multiple priorities at the same time along with strong attention to detail, planning and the ability to work in a dynamic environment.


 
What You Should Know About This Team
 
Our Deal Desk team is a dynamic and high-performing group that plays a critical role in driving revenue growth. ,We have a highly collaborative work environment where we strive to make each day interesting, fun and fulfilling.,Our diverse global team has people located throughout the world with different work and educational experiences, and we love to learn from each other. ,
 
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits


Workspaces: We have quiet spaces to take a call or for deep thinking, and other spaces dedicated to collaboration.
Commuter Benefits: We offer a generous monthly allowance to be used for transportation and to help you commute to the office.
Wellness Reimbursement: This can be put toward wellness activities including gym memberships, spa massages, workout equipment, meditation apps, and much more.
Q Mentor Program: Looking to grow in your career? Get matched with a mentor inside Qualtrics to get meaningful coaching from someone outside your team.

 

 

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. 
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
 
LI-RK4
