At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
 
Discover Support
 
Why We Have This Role 
The Discover Support team focuses on everything involved in delighting our customers and ensuring a five star customer experience with every interaction. We are looking for a customer-oriented, highly technical, highly collaborative individual to join our Support team. In this role you will interact with multiple other teams including but not limited to Customer Success, Engineering, Product Management and Professional Services and learn to be a passionate but fair advocate for our customers. 
 
How Youll Find Success 

Collaborate, collaborate, collaborate - with teammates, Eng, Product and any other team whose assistance is needed to unblock the customer
Consistently exceed your own and our teams KPI targets 
Help meet our contractual SLAs while always providing top notch customer service
Share knowledge and help enable junior team members as the team continues to grow

 
How Youll Grow

Developing Strong Partnerships: You will learn to work closely with other teams and develop strong bonds with them which will help move things quickly during times of urgency
Creative Problem Solving: You will learn to think outside the box to solve customer issues where your primary focus will be getting the customer unblocked
Customer Advocacy: You will learn how to find the right tone and messaging while advocating for our customers to other teams like Product and Engineering
Trusted Partner: As your knowledge of the Discover product grows, you will become a trusted partner to other customer facing teams and help them through challenging product related conversations with customers

 
Things Youll Do

Serve as our frontline by providing technical and functional support to all customers, business partners, and internal team members.
Provide top-notch client communications, responsive follow-through on all issues and actions, and collaborate extensively to resolve all client issues.
Resolve incidents with the help of documentation or knowledge base articles.
Ensure correct and seamless operation of all ETL workflows which involves interaction with our Data Acquisition team, Technical Consulting team, and others.
Monitoring alerting scripts for existing ETL jobs.
Troubleshoot issues and escalate problems to the appropriate team when necessary.
Motivated self starter with the ability to work a rotating schedule that can vary to accommodate our customers needs.
Assist in Quality Assurance reviews of solutions prior to customer delivery as time permits.

 
What Were Looking For On Your CV
Minimum Qualifications

Bachelors degree or equivalent experience
Experience supporting production environments with good analytical skills
Linux andor Windows experience - must be comfortable with command prompt
Strong communication skills (verbal, written and interpersonal)
Experience with scripting technologies for task automation (E.g. Batch, Python)
Customer-focused attitude and ability to empathize with customers
Ability to handle multiple tasks and prioritize effectively

 
Preferred Qualifications

Preferably 1 years of experience in a customer support or technical support role
Technical knowledge of web-based software applications preferred
Proficiency with Ticketing tools and other customer support tools preferred
Experience with any of the database technologies like PostgresSQL preferred

 
What You Should Know About the Qualtrics Discover Support Team
The Discover Support team provides technical and functional support to all Qualtrics customers via email. In addition to support the team also monitors alerts, exports, and special requests from technical consulting teams and engagement managers. The technology stack that the team maintains includes Pentaho Data Integration, Postgresql, Batch scripting, APIs and Connectors. The team troubleshoots ad hoc customer issues, product admin issues, data integration issues as well as internal requests from account teams.