At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
 
Senior Payroll Specialist
 
Why We Have This Role
Qualtrics is looking for a self-motivated individual to join our Payroll team. We are constantly looking for ways to improve our processes and better assist the employees at Qualtrics. This team has the unique opportunity to work cross-functionally across the company, as well as with senior leadership.
 
 
How Youll Find Success


Excellent attention to detail
Ability to communicate well with stakeholders across many levels and disciplines, both verbally and written
Strong analytical skills
Ability to work in a team environment
Ability to maintain confidentiality of sensitive information


 
How Youll Grow


Your direct interactions with Qualtrics employees will allow you to hone your ability to provide an incredibly important foundational employee experience.
Payroll sits at the intersection of multiple departments, including Legal (employment law), Compensation, People Data, Benefits, Accounting, Finance, and Recruiting, allowing you to gain experience and expertise in all of these areas, and understand how things get done across multiple departments.
Payroll receives data from multiple sources, processes it through many complex calculations, and then shares this data with multiple sources. You will have opportunities to learn how systems and integrations are configured to work together to ensure accurate and timely data.


 
Things Youll Do

Assist and support payrolls in the Americas. Currently the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Argentina, Brazil, and Colombia.
Conduct audits of payroll, benefits, long-term incentives and other programs and recommend corrective actions where needed
Research payroll, tax and absence regulations
Ensure overall data quality with employment records
Complete employment verifications and unemployment claims
Assist in annual audits with external auditors


 
What Were Looking For On Your Resume


Bachelors degree in a related field (Business, Human Resources, Finance, etc)
2 to 4 years of prior payroll or related experience
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Excel
Experience with different timekeeping and payroll processing software
Experience with building and implementing new systems


 
What You Should Know About This Team


When you work in Payroll, you work for a team that has a major impact on the companys financials. Payroll is commonly the largest expense for most organizations, and we have the opportunity to help control those costs.
Making sure that thousands of employees in six different countries get paid accurately and on time twice every month means working with strict bank deadlines. Our team knows how to meet those deadlines while also having fun and maintaining an easy-going working environment where everyone collaborates often. We leverage everyones strengths, and we partner effectively with our larger goals and purpose always in mind. You will have an opportunity to work with teams that are both upstream and downstream from you, gaining a full understanding of the HR processes from start to finish, and developing relationships throughout the company.
Working for a growing tech company also means opening up new countries, implementing new software systems, being able to create new processes and analyze existing processes to allow for more efficiencies. You will be able to take full ownership of meaningful projects while working in a fast-paced and ever-changing environment that provides continuous opportunities to learn and grow through different challenges.


 
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits


CFO  senior leadership are really invested in making finance an enjoyable department and solid culture
Lots of learning opportunities - the leadership team prioritizes continual learning


 