At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing
The Role 
Data Engineer II
Why We have this role 
Qualtrics is seeking Data Engineers to join our growing Engineering function in our Mexico City office. If you have a Bachelors degree, have 1 years of software engineering experience, and want to work at a fast-growing tech company, Qualtrics could be the place youve been dreaming about.
How Youll Find Success

Strong level of curiosity
Takes initiative and shows scrappiness in getting things done
Proven ability to work well in teams - partnering with managers, cross-functional teams and teammates
Takes an analytical mindset to approach problems and find solutions
Shows a desire to learn new skills and grow in the role

How Youll Grow

Develop the ability to build scalable, fast, robust, and simple web-based solutions to solve complex business problems
Learn to implement new functionality from provided requirements and specifications.
Benefit from working with other engineers, tech-ops, and product managers
Learn Agile methodologies by attending daily stand-up meetings, prioritizing tasks, and working with a sense of urgency to meet a scheduled plan to deliver value to our customers

Things Youll Do 

Drive operational excellence by investigating production issues, driving root cause analysis, and follow-up actions for mitigation
Improve performance, availability, reliability, scale, throughput, and latency
Work with your team to meet customer work youre doing, understand the decisions that are being made, and make your voice heard

What Were Looking For On Your Resume 

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, IT, or related field
2 years of professional coding experience with any programming language (Prefer experience in Python, AWS (S3, RDS, EMR, EC2), Node.js, JavaScript, TypeScript, Airflow, Spark or Docker)
Experience with web infrastructure and distributed systems
Experience with software engineering best practices (e.g., unit testing, code reviews, design, continuous delivery, git, test automation, and builddeploy systems)
Ability to work in a fast-paced and agile development environment and to learn new frameworksstacks
Passionate about building products that help customers quickly and effectively get their job done
Curious and constantly learning on your own and from others
You get satisfaction from helping others succeed, and you constantly seek ways to improve
You can identify gaps, propose solutions to important problems, and then take it to resolution

What You Should Know About This Team 
Our team is a collection of deeply passionate engineers riding the groundbreaking of data analytics and data processing. We built the data analytics platform that helps company leaders gain insights about technology spending, make sound decisions on technology investments, and drive innovation in resource utilization and efficiency optimizations. Our environment is primarily Python, AWS (S3, RDS, EMR, EC2), Node.js, JavaScript, TypeScript, Airflow, Spark   and Docker. In our collaborative culture, you find plenty of opportunities to impact our full-stack products, from Web  mobile UI to data visualization  analysis to data ingestion, storage, and processing
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits


We spend 10 of our time on individual engineering growth activities every quarter
We participate in personalized Career Action Planning. You will work with your manager to design a plan based on your life experiences, values, and career aspirations (inside and outside Qualtrics) that helps you achieve your career goals at Qualtrics
Qualtrics pays 100 of the healthcare benefit premiums for employees and their dependents. 
Full time employees receive an annual experience bonus after their first year of employment. Qualtrics Experience Bonus is a program designed to provide experiences to our employees they might not otherwise have.
Variable allowances for wellness, meals, transportation, and more. 

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
