The Challenge
As a Patient Experience Advisor, you will function as a strategic consultant for healthcare system leaders whose vision is to modernize their patient experience program. You support the design of the program with best practice methodology, and post-launch, work alongside the client to surface insights for meaningful change. Through this relationship, your work positively impacts experience and supports clients in achieving sustainable clinical, safety and quality outcomes. Your hands-on experience as a service excellence and performance improvement expert are put to work to support clients nationally and internationally. 
You partner with subject matter experts in regulatory and data science to deliver impactful services to support client programs and work cross-functionally across services and product teams to inform Qualtrics roadmap to continuously improve, meeting the current and future needs of healthcare clients. You contribute to the growth and expansion of the healthcare business by delivering an exceptional experience as a client of Qualtrics.
You care deeply about improving patient experience for our clients and youre an advocate for thinking outside-the-box to innovate alongside internal stakeholders, partners and clients.Youre excited to take on new challenges and to apply your robust experience in a new way with a rapidly growing vendor.
A Day in the Life
This person is responsible for the delivery of program consulting services to prospective and existing Qualtrics customers, to help them design and improve world-class customer experience  patient experience  (CX PX) programs. This role provides services to customers at every stage of their program lifecycle and a wide range of maturity levels. This requires hands-on work in socializing, influencing, and implementing CX best-practices from a methodological,operational, and healthcare industry subject matter expert point of view. The role will primarily focus on supporting programs post-launch to surface insights for improvement, provide best practices for service excellence and coach clients to improve experience, quality and safety outcomes.
This highly-visible role will interface with client stakeholders at different levels of an organization to gain a deep understanding of their business needs and shape their Patient Experience Programs. You will work and collaborate with the larger Patient Experience (PX) delivery teams at Qualtrics to expand Qualtrics footprint within the healthcare organization account(s).
You will engage with some of the worlds most recognizable brands, to deliver services to augment their ability to execute a PX program, including survey and dashboard design, metrics continuity and goal setting, regulatory program requirement fulfillment, PX program maturity assessments, program reviews, customer journey mapping, organizational change, and other services.
You will partner alongside technical implementation experts to provide advisory support  in the design, building and implementation of these programs. You will understand healthcare industry trends, shifts taking place in the experience management industry, HCAHPs and Magnet, and be able to design forward-thinking impactful solutions for our clients. 
The ideal candidate will have experience as a  practitioner in a technology-forward Patient Experience program. The candidate will have a proven track record of continuous improvement efforts and resulting improvement in experience, quality and safety outcomes. This person will be trained to leverage and deploy a defined template for migrating Patient Experience programs from legacy healthcare survey vendors to Qualtrics. Additionally, they must be able to articulate ideas quickly and crisply, with the ability to lean on professional experience in healthcare organizations, credibility, and actionable insights to influence customers, executives, partners, and other stakeholders to reach consensus decisions and move programs forward.  
 
Expectations for Success

Provide post-sale consulting and advisory support to customers to help stand up best-in-class Patient Experience Programs. This includes services like - Survey and Dashboard Design, PX Maturity Assessment, Patient Journey Mapping, Program Design, Survey Design, Change Management Workshop, Closed-Loop Design, Data Analysis, Program Governance, Executive Presentations and or Ongoing Consulting.
You should be able to articulate a recommended approach required to support program transitions from legacy healthcare survey vendors and regulatory survey approaches (methodology of standard question sets, benchmarking, magnet, etc.). Demonstrate expertise in understanding key topline metrics and how Qualtrics will enable client success through metrics continuity and PX goal setting across the Healthcare organization. You should be able to communicate with key stakeholders, build confidence in transition and reduce stress as it relates to internal stakeholder dynamics  around transition.
Translate customer needs into business requirements. Have experience in enabling organizations to take action based on patient experience data. As needed, be able to lead and facilitate sessions in survey and dashboard design, and patient journey mapping. Be able to translate insights into business recommendations, help clients build business cases and enable clients to develop operational plans.
Create collaborative relationships with all key business stakeholders to enable successful deployment and ongoing success of the program.
Define and manage project tasks and activities. Manage time, budget as well as identifying potential risks and issues that may impact the successful delivery of the program. Provide relevant and timely communication to all Client Program Team stakeholders (both at Qualtrics and Client).
Scale and optimize PX advisory services delivery. Facilitate in the development of operational standards, process, and policies to improve the delivery of PX Program Consulting services to customers and co-workers.
Develop standardized content and program templates to facilitate the implementation of best practices in specific industry verticals where you have and will develop expertise.
Contribute to the design and development of new platform features in conjunction with Product Management.
Where needed, develop thought leadership content, academic practitioner articles and participate in conference presentations or webinars.

 
Qualifications and Requirements 

The candidate must have at least 7 - 9 years of PX program management and continuous improvement experience as either an in-house PX practitioner within a major industry vertical, or as a consultant who has worked across several industry verticals for a Consulting firm or another vendor in the business of deploying regulatory Patient Experience Surveys


Advanced (Masters or PhD) degree in a research or business-centric field, preferred
Must possess expertise in areas of Survey and Dashboard Design, Customer Journey Mapping, Culture Activation, Action Planning and Insights Analysis 
Can demonstrate an understanding of consumer and business-to-business channel experiences and expectations, measures of satisfaction and performance drivers 
Has a strong understanding of good research methodology; survey design and data collection. Has strong analytical (qualitative and quantitative) skills and is able to analyze and interpret data, and report insights to customers in a formal presentation
Must have Executive Presence. Strong decision-making, problem-solving skills, writing and presentation skills. 
Ability to work independently and with a team consisting of executives, project stakeholders and project team members. Consultative and relationship builder who can quickly understand client needs and requirements
Willingness and ability to travel up to 20 - 30
Personable and strongly demonstrates Qualtrics core values
Skills:

Proficient in use of Microsoft Office suite


 
 For full-time positions, this pay range is for base per year; however, base pay offered may vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, education, skills, and experience. For part-time or intern positions, this pay range is for base pay per hour. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be included in an employment offer, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and other benefits, based on eligibility criteria.Remote Pay Transparency Range127,000—226,000 USD