
At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.

Why We Have This Role
Solutions Architects engage early in the project lifecycle where the customer is just beginning to define the vision, and often lean on the Solutions Architect to imagine what is possible and determine if its feasible. The role requires an affinity for solution selling, technology evangelism and customer engagement. The ability to win the hearts and minds of our customers while explaining abstract technical concepts in a non-technical manner as they relate to business value, is a must.
How Youll Find Success


You will lead Project Discovery and Design Sessions as well as Project Scoping conversations in order to validate the customer solution and articulate the business impact of the solution. You will accomplish this by designing technical solutions that meet customers business objectives. This role requires a high degree of cross-functional collaboration with Sales, Engineering, and customers.
You operate regularly in ambiguous situations and view those as opportunities. As the solution is defined, you construct a system that is profitably replicable and then move on to the next situation.
Technical expertise for scoping and defining solutions for customers with needs beyond the typical platform capabilities.
Be a self-starter who takes ownership of opportunities, works independently, manages multiple simultaneous projects, and deals well with ambiguity and last-minute changes.
Have the ability and passion necessary to maintain technical excellence with emerging technologies, including competitive technologies, while continuing to manage customer opportunities.


How Youll Grow


You will be joining a fast-growing, highly-motivated team with a targeted area of focus that has a considerable impact on the business and many opportunities to evolve.
Be presented with avenues to pursue continuous learning and acquisition of new skills in technology, management, and personal growth.
Be constantly exposed to the latest thought leadership in the XM industry.


Things Youll Do


Listen to the customer and identify the actual underlying needs and goals to create the optimal solution, sometimes reviewing with the customer why they would benefit from changing their processes.
Design and document custom solutions for individual customers needs by adapting the platform capabilities to the needs of Qualtrics enterprise-level customers.
Collaborate with a small team to define, refine, and iterate over internal processes and service offerings to provide the best possible customer experience.
Work collaboratively with Sales, Engineering, and other teams to ensure compelling solutions are created by presenting to customer executive and IT teams.
Assist in driving sales pipeline while ensuring achievement of Professional Services billing targets.
Establish strong relationships with the customers key technical and business decision makers.
Understand the customers business requirements in order to articulate the solutions business value.


What Were Looking For On Your Resume


More than 7 years of experience in a professional services or equivalent role within a SaaS organization.
Previous experience scoping and designing solutions for enterprise level organizations.
Detailed understanding of services offering within the SaaS space. Knowledge of implementation timelines, pricing and RFP process.
Ability to write and speak English at a professional level. 


What You Should Know About This Team


We are part of one of the most dynamic growth areas in the company.
Strong project management and organizational skills are truly essential for success.
We are a fun team  trivia masters, gardeners, artists, world travelers, brewers, readers, pet owners, mushroom farmers, kayakers, pizza makers, painters, golfers, LEGO creators, woodworking enthusiasts, campers, and much more!


Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits


Work-life integration is deeply important to us - we have frequent office events, team outings, and happy hours
Qualtrics Experience Program - MXN 36,882 for an experience of your choosing (eligible after a year)
Wellness reimbursement - up to the value of MXN 6,250 per quarter can be reimbursed for a variety of wellness activities
Allowances for meals, transportation, groceries, and more
We take pride in our office design aiming at fostering creativity

