At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
Why We Have This Role
We are currently in search of a Research Manager, skilled in design, analysis, and pre-sales support. The Research Manager will use their hands on market research expertise to lead research programs for customers that utilize Qualtrics software. As a new team supporting new product offerings, we are presented with the unique opportunity to shape the future of our division, influencing products, processes, deliverables, and more. This role also promises the chance to develop and establish an unparalleled expertise within Qualtrics.
How Youll Find Success
In this role, you will be part of the growing Qualtrics market research community that helps some of the worlds top minds take their research to the next level. Whether youre speaking with a tenured professor or a chief marketing officer, youll constantly be challenged to come up with new and creative solutions to our clients most difficult research needs. An analytical mind, problem-solving skills, and deep and broad expertise in research methods, including product and brand research, are necessary to ensure that our clients receive exceptional support they deserve.
How Youll Grow

As a founding member of this team in this location, potential to grow into site leadership by cultivating the culture we strive to embody in office
Ability to own strategic initiatives with executive exposure sponsorship that have tremendous departmental and organizational impact

Things Youll Do
The Research Manager plays a pivotal role during the entire lifecycle of our most impactful research projects for our most strategically important clients.

Ensure a successful launch by selecting the appropriate research methodology to meet the clients research objectives.
Develop (or assist in the development) of the research instrument using Qualtrics technology platform.  Work with clients to design survey instruments that meet their research objectives and conform to best practices in survey methodology
Work closely with internal and external resources to ensure successful execution of the fieldwork and data collection.
Review the collected data and create (or oversee creation) of the analysis and reporting that provides meaningful insights to the sponsoring client.
Share final analysis with the client and ensure they can take accurate action on resulting recommendations.

What Were Looking For On Your Resume

A minimum of 5 to 7 years within the custom Market Research industry
Academic and practical experience with a wide array of product, brand, and advertising research methodologies
Experience leading the entire lifecycle of complex research projects (from design through analysis)
Strong analytical skills with experience in statistical modeling and analysis.
Proficient with Excel, PowerPoint, and SPSSSAS
Bachelors or advanced degree in business, mathematics, or the sciences.
Comfortable in a fast-pace, unstructured, and highly competitive environment
Ability to communicate clearly and pleasantly through both written and spoken mode

What You Should Know About This Team

We work with a team of highly motivated, ambitious individuals. Keeping that energy and spirit alive is critical, while balancing an expectation of meritocracy as it pertains to performance management.
Our client satisfaction rate is incredibly high and a point of pride for our teams. Identifying ways to continue to delight stakeholders is key.
The researchers on our team often incubate new products for the company. Creating space and encouraging this innovation is critical to our companys growth and success.
The day-to-day in this role is dynamic and fast paced - the ability to prioritize and focus is critical to success.

What Differentiates Us From Other Companies

Work-life integration and fun is deeply important to us! We have frequent office events, team outings, and happy hours
Qualtrics Experience Program - 36,882 MXN gross per calendar year for an experience of your choosing (eligible after a year)
Wellness reimbursement - up to the value of MXN 6,250 per quarter can be reimbursed for a variety of wellness activities
Allowances for meals, transportation, groceries, and more
We take pride in our office design aiming at fostering creativity
We believe in sharing Qualtrics success which is part of the compensation for all employees
