At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
Staff Software Engineer
 
Why We Have This Role
Qualtrics is seeking Software Engineers to join our growing Engineering function in our Krakw office. If you have a Bachelors degree, have 8 years of software engineering experience, and want work at a fast-growing tech company, Qualtrics could be the place youve been dreaming about.
 
How Youll Grow

As a Software Engineer at Qualtrics, you should love building simple solutions to solve hard customer use cases or engineering scalability problem, and design systems in an agile environment to withstand hyper growth and owning quality from end to end is a rewarding challenge and one of the reasons Qualtrics is such an exciting place to work.

 
Things Youll Do


Develop scalable, fast, robust, and simple web-based solutions to solve complex business problems
Implement new features and optimize existing ones to drive maximum performance
Work closely with, and incorporate feedback from other engineers, tech-ops, and product managers          
Attend daily stand-up meetings, collaborate with your peers, prioritize features, and work with a sense of urgency to deliver value to your customers


 
What Were Looking For On Your


10 years of relevant experience    
Strong level of curiosity and interest to learn      
Strong algorithms, data structures and coding background    
Disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance    
Experience with Microservices Architecture and distributed systems  
Experience with professional software engineering practices (e.g. unit testing, code reviews, design documents)


 
What You Should Know About This Team

With millions of responses per day and a goal to grow their data platform 10x over the next year, the Qualtrics engineers are tackling interesting challenges across the stack. As a team well build the next industry-leading XM Platform - helping every business to become more customer-centric.  We will not only shape our product, but improve the direction of the companies that use our platform through our choices.  Come help us change the world!

 
Our Teams Favourite Perks and Benefits


Annual Leave: 20 or 26 annual leave days per annum plus an additional day for each year of service (to a max of 5).
Private Medical Insurance- Luxmed health  dental cover for you and your dependants.
Commuter Assistance- Up to the value of 80 PLN net a month for public transport.
Savings Plan- Two company saving plans provided by Nationale Nederlanden: Employee Capital Plan (PPK)  Employee Saving Plan (PPO)
QED PROGRAM- Qualtrics Engineer Development (QED) program: support, engineering learning activities up to 10 of engineering work time each quarter.
Wellness- Up to the value of 800PLN gross per quarter can be reimbursed for a variety of wellness activities via our dedicated platform Twic.
A choice of Multispot cards available.
Our employee assistance program with Unum provides counselling and wellbeing support to all employees
Experience bonus- 7000 PLN gross per annum. Qualtrics experience bonus is a program designed to provide experiences to our employees they might not otherwise have.
Group Life  Income Protection Insurance
GlassesContact lenses Reimbursement
Free breakfasts, lunches, snacks, and drinks for everyone in the office
Tax-deductible expenses (up to 75 depending on role)


 

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.


 
 