
At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.

Why We Have This Role
As a Professional Sales Intern, youll get hands-on experience with the entire sales cycle. Youll work alongside Sales Development Representatives and Account Executives to prospect, cold call, and be a part of their largest client-facing meetings. If that doesnt sound awesome enough, over 80 of our Sales Interns have received offers to return full-time after graduation.
 

How Youll Find Success
You identify key decision makers andor key influencers within an organization across many different departments

You understand the impact our products have on our customers
You articulate to prospects how our tools can help their organizations get to the next level with real-time data
You work well with teammates, like to strategize, and plan out creative methods to generate more business opportunities
You use rejection as fuel to motivate and push you to work harder and smarter
Youre a self starter, competitive, and driven. You see the bigger picture. You dont settle for mediocrity

How Youll Grow
Sales Development is a rapidly growing division within the sales organization. The purpose of the department is to:

Generate qualified pipeline that progresses through the sales funnel, generating new closed revenue.
To develop new quota-carrying Account Executives.

Due to hyper-growth, were constantly looking for hungry and driven individuals who are passionate about a career in corporate sales.
 

Things Youll Do

Extensive sales and product training
Prospect new clients to build out your pipeline
Set and execute discovery meetings with future Qualtrics clients
Work collaboratively with our team of account executives, tech sales, and the rest of the force needed to close a deal through the entire sales cycle
Track all prospecting, leads, meetings and daily tasks
Complete two sales projects within your 12 week internship
Ride one of our many scooters through the office in celebration when you set your first meeting

What Were Looking For On Your Resume

On track for obtaining a Bachelors Degree (no specific major)
Sales Experience Preferred (not required)
Sales Experience could include; sales internships, sales minor, sales program club, SDR experiences, inside sales, door-to-door sales, any cold calling experiences, etc.

What You Should Know About This Team

This role sits in the following locations: Provo UT, Dallas TX, and Raleigh NC
Competitive Pay: Hourly Wage  Commissions,
Monthly Housing Stipend
Transportation Reimbursement to and from Internship location for out-of-state students

Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits

Wellness Bonus: Every quarter you will receive 300 or 1,200 annually to use on a wide variety of wellness benefits. (Ex: monthly gym pass, athletic clothing, massages, camping gear, financial planner, etc).
Free lunch, snacks, drinks, massage chairs, table tennis, an onsite gym, and more

 
Must be legally authorized to work in job location without Qualtrics sponsorship now or in the future.
 
No remote opportunities are available for this position.
 



 

university sdr 