At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
 
Product Marketing Manager, Strategy  Research
Why we have this Role
Qualtrics is seeking an exceptional product marketer to drive product and GTM strategy for our Strategy  Research lines of business. These products help companies to design products people love, increase market share, and accelerate growth, by enabling them to:

Conduct custom research, faster and more efficiently
Get fast, actionable  user feedback at every stage of the product lifecycle
Foster brand agility and loyalty by staying ahead of whats next

In this role, you will drive all facets of a multi-channel GTM motion, influence the product roadmap with customer and competitive insights, and orchestrate the production of compelling content and enablement across Sales, Marketing, Comms, Training  Enablement, and our inhouse Product Content Studio. You will report directly to PMM Lead for Strategy  Research.
 
How Youll Find SuccessThis full-funnel role develops Product go-to-market strategies that position the company to achieve long-term growth in the experience management space while meeting annual revenue and profitability goals. PMMs are responsible for their line of business GTM, defining strategic direction and driving execution to achieve long-term business goals. 
You will know your customers, the market, and our business so intimately that you define and communicate a clear, differentiated, defensible, and monetizable market position. Youll display extreme ownership, be adept at stakeholder management across both marketing, product, and the field, and be confident in prioritization. Most critically, you will excel at building and supporting successful teams in order to amplify the influence of PMM and nurture key talent within the company.
 
How Youll Grow
You will have the opportunity to play a pivotal role in the success of our Strategy  Research line of business. This role will allow you to build your expertise in Product and GTM strategy, cross-functional collaboration, and executive and customer presentations.
 
Things Youll Do

Product Positioning and Messaging: Define and communicate compelling product positioning and messaging that resonates with target customers and differentiates our products in the marketplace.
Go-to-Market Planning: Develop and execute go-to-market plans for new product launches and sales programs, including target customer segments, pricing strategies, and marketing campaigns.
Competitive Analysis: Conduct in-depth competitive analysis to understand the market landscape, identify opportunities and trends, and mitigate potential threats.
Sales Enablement: Collaborate with Sales, Revenue Marketing, Training  Enablement, and our inhouse Product Content Studio to develop effective sales plays, training materials, and collateral that support the selling process.
Customer Insights: Use customer feedback and market research to gain insights into customer needs in order to inform go-to-market strategies and the product roadmap.
Product Launches: Manage and coordinate product launches, ensuring successful execution and maximum impact in the market.

 
What Were Looking For On Your Resume

10-12 years of experience in B2B SaaS Marketing, with 7-9 in customer-facing roles
Bachelors degree and or equivalent preferred
Strategic vision and creative problem solving, using data and qualitative insights to create a strategic framework and measure success
Demonstrated ability to manage GTM motions at scale to yield predictable results
Exceptional oral and written communication skills
Strong stakeholder management skills; can develop and maintain effective working relationships across both technical and commercial roles  including Engineering, User Experience Design, Product Management, Sales, Marketing, PR, Customer Success, and Operations 
Ability to make meaningful headway in highly ambiguous environments and inspire collaborators to see opportunity through both high times and challenges
Evidence of growth mindset and the energy to be all-in and tackle challenges

What You Should Know About This Team

Sits at the center of our efforts to bring experience management and product innovation to the market
Has high visibility and deep collaboration opportunities across all major functions in our PXE (Product, Experience Design, Engineering) and GTM organizations
Embraces their role as the voice of the market to product and the voice of product to the market, spending significant time in the Field to understand customer needs
Dedicated to the craft of Product Marketing and producing excellent GTM strategies and assets to demonstrate our value

 
Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
 For full-time positions, this pay range is for base per year; however, base pay offered may vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, education, skills, and experience. For part-time or intern positions, this pay range is for base pay per hour. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be included in an employment offer, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and other benefits, based on eligibility criteria.Washington State Pay Transparency Range150,000—185,000 USD