At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
 
Why We Have This Role
At Qualtrics, our Technology Consulting Team is the heartbeat of our organization. We are instrumental in ensuring our clients derive maximum value from our products and services, from the initial onboarding to training, technology setup, and systems integration. As trusted advisors, we comprehend our clients objectives and provide innovative solutions to address their challenges. Our attentive listening fosters innovation within Qualtrics, driving improvements in operations and product enhancements.
As a Technology Consulting Manager within the Delivery team, you will combine your passion for leading teams and engaging customers, with your ability to solve complex technical and business problems.  Working closely with members of the Qualtrics Experience Management (XM) Services leadership team, you will help build our Implementation organization by designing and establishing new processes, tools and policies, and improving team effectiveness to ensure the team scales efficiently as the company continues to grow.  Concurrently, you will be tasked with growing and managing a team of Technology Consultants to ensure our solutions are delivered to world-class standards. If you have 6-10 years of solution delivery experience, have led teams for 4-8 years, managed diverse technical and business stakeholders, excel in communication and problem-solving, and aspire to contribute to a rapidly growing tech company, Qualtrics could be the ideal place for you.
 
How Youll Find Success
Effective Coaching: Provide coaching and mentorship to guide career development.
Performance Assessment: Accurately evaluate team members performance and provide actionable feedback.
Resource Management: Manage team capacity, forecasting, financial performance, and resource allocation.
Project Portfolio Oversight: Oversee the delivery of diverse projects varying in size and complexity.
Cross-functional Collaboration: Collaborate with leaders across different functions to develop and execute multidisciplinary solutions and improve the customer experience.
Process Enhancement: Design and implement scalable processes to exceed client expectations.
Continuous Improvement: Set up mechanisms for ongoing improvements in tools and ways of working.
Client and Partner Engagement: Build relationships with key clients, partners, and internal counterparts.
Effective Communication: Communicate the teams impact and results to key stakeholders and act as an advocate for the team within Qualtrics.
Product Knowledge: Maintain an expert knowledge of the Qualtrics Experience Management (XM) Platform and other products, contributing to product quality and customer experience improvements.
Sales Support: Experience with participating in sales process, including identifying client requirements, scoping discussions as well as RFP response preparation
Product Development: Collaborate with the Product team to provide real-world client insights that shape the Product roadmap.
Talent Strategy: Develop new strategies and partner with fellow leaders to meet ambitious hiring goals.
Language Fluency:  Fluent in English, Spanish; Proficient in Portuguese a plus. 
 
How Youll Grow
Leadership Development: Opportunity for leadership development.
Skill Enhancement: Opportunities to enhance skills in solution delivery, team leadership, and stakeholder management.
Career Advancement: Potential for career advancement within a rapidly growing tech company.
 
Things Youll Do
Team Leadership: Lead a high-performing team to deliver Qualtrics solutions effectively.
Performance Evaluation: Assess team members performance and provide feedback.
Resource Management: Manage team capacity, forecasting, and resource allocation.
Project Portfolio Oversight: Oversee the delivery of diverse projects.
Cross-functional Collaboration: Collaborate with leaders across functions to develop multidisciplinary solutions.
Process Enhancement: Design and implement scalable processes.
Continuous Improvement: Establish mechanisms for ongoing improvements.
Client and Partner Engagement: Build relationships with key clients and partners.
Communication: Communicate the teams impact and results to stakeholders.
Product Knowledge: Maintain an expert knowledge of Qualtrics products.
Sales Support: Assist in the sales process by meeting with senior client executives.
Product Development: Collaborate with the Product team to provide client insights.
Talent Strategy: Develop strategies and partner with leaders to meet hiring goals.
 
What Were Looking For On Your Resume
Management Experience: 4-8 years of team management experience.
Project Delivery: 6-10 years of experience delivering large-scale projects.
Domain Expertise: Deep domain expertise relevant to the teams work.
Stakeholder Management: Track record in managing project stakeholders, deliverables, and risks.
Strategic Thinking: Natural strategic thinker with strategic planning experience.
Conflict Resolution: Experience with conflict resolution and complex escalations.
Education: Bachelors Degree (or International Equivalent) MBA or advanced degree in a technology related field preferred, but not essential
 
What You Should Know About This Team
Collaborative Environment: We work collaboratively and have a significant impact as a team.
Commitment to Growth: We are committed to career growth and offer opportunities for advancement.
Innovation Focus: We champion innovation and actively contribute to improving operations and products.
What Differentiates Us From Other Companies 

Work-life integration and fun is deeply important to us! We have frequent office events, team outings, and happy hours
Qualtrics Experience Program - 36,882 MXN gross per calendar year for an experience of your choosing (eligible after a year)
Wellness reimbursement - up to the value of 6,250 MXN per quarter can be reimbursed for a variety of wellness activities
Allowances for meals, transportation, groceries, and more
We take pride in our office design aiming at fostering creativity
We believe in sharing Qualtrics success which is part of the compensation for all employees

To learn more about what we value read about it directly from our employees Qualtrics Life stories
 