
At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.

Technical Support Specialist
Why We Have This Role
Qualtrics leads the way in Experience Management—one of the fastest-growing tech categories. As a Technical Support Specialist, you are on the frontline ensuring our customers have a great technical support experience while working with Qualtrics. Youll provide high quality technical support to our customers so they can accomplish their Experience Management goals with the Qualtrics software.
How Youll Find Success


You will become an expert in the Qualtrics product, which will ensure you can effectively help our customers with a mix of troubleshooting and providing best technical practices.
You are proficient in both written and spoken English and Spanish, and you have the ability to win the trust of our global customer base and teammates.
You take initiative and show scrappiness in solving customer problems.
You have a proven ability to be a strong individual contributor while working well as a member of a global team - partnering with managers, cross functional teams, and teammates around the world.
You are intellectually curious and you seek to learn new skills in this role.
You enjoy problem solving and interacting with clients by phone, email, and chat.
You receive top satisfaction scores from our clients.


How Youll Grow


Your analytical skills are critical to your success as you respond to Qualtrics users via phone, email, or chat.
The one constant about Qualtrics is change - you regularly adapt and learn as our products and technologies evolve.
We have an in-office culture and open office environment here at Qualtrics, so you collaborate with teammates in real time to find solutions for our customers.
Improve your technical and customer support skills.


Things Youll Do


Staff a 247, in-office technical support team, resolving technical issues for global customers in both English and Spanish.
Achieve success by completing 15-20 customer support interactions per day.
Delight clients, earning high customer satisfaction scores for each interaction.
Constantly learn and adapt as our products and technologies change.
This role is primarily in-office (minimum 4 days per week)
Shift work (including nights and weekends) may be required


What Were Looking For On YourResume

Minimum Requirements:

Bachelors degree
Hard-working individual contributor capable of handling multiple customer support interactions each day
Strong analytical skills and technical ability
Ability to communicate and teach complicated concepts empathetically
Detail-orientation with an ability to prioritize and resolve customer issues
Interest in TechnologySaaS
English and Spanish language fluency
Must be able to come into the office 4 daysweek
Must be able to work some nightsweekends

 
Preferred Requirements:

Technical or hard science major or minor
Prior instructing, research, or tutoring experience
Coding classes andor skills (MATLAB, R, Python, VB, Java, CSS, HTML, etc.)
Experience in a customer service role or tech or start-up environment


What You Should Know About This Team


Youll know you are a top performer when you consistently receive top satisfaction scores from our clients.
Youll become an authority in the Qualtrics product, which will ensure you can effectively help our customers with a mix of instructing and troubleshooting.
While helping customers is your core focus, you also get an opportunity to work on  a variety of projects with departments across Qualtrics.
Eventually you will move on to a great next role in Qualtrics bringing your knowledge of our customer base and how they use our product.


Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits


Competitive salary, performance bonuses, and savings investment account.
Quarterly reimbursement for wellness activities including gym memberships, spa massages, workout equipment, meditation apps, and much more.
Monthly allowance for meals, transportation and groceries.
Experience bonus to be used for an Experience of your choosing every year.
Amazing QGroup Communities; MOSAIQ, Green Team, Qualtrics Pride, QAble, Qualtrics Salute, and Womens Leadership Development, which exist as places for support, allyship, and advocacy.


 

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.

 
