At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
Senior Recruiter
 
Why We Have This Role
We are a high energy, fast paced global recruiting team determined to support the continuing growth in Qualtrics. In this role, the primary focus will be on executing on hiring strategies that support the companys growth plans. This role offers the opportunity to work with numerous departments and collaborate with many different stakeholders.
 
How Youll Find Success

Take initiative. Understands the expected outcome for the department, gets the context, and then leads from the front to get it done.
Highly communicative and influences effectively, creating trust at the team level.
Ability to deal with ambiguity; can foresee challenges and can take ownership to find solutions.

 
Things Youll Do

Develop, implement and execute recruiting programs and strategies to fill current openings and help build a healthy pipeline of qualified candidates
Manage the full cycle hiring process from sourcing to offer acceptance
Build solid relationships with sales leadership teams and serve as a partner before, during, and after the recruiting process
Source, recruit and hire candidates that are aligned to the Qualtrics values
Partner with other departments, Total RewardsCompensation, Finance etc to drive the recruiting process forward

 
What Were Looking For On Your CV

5 years recruiting experience, preferably in the areas of technology, operations or services
Experience with some Engineering recruiting is required
Strong understanding of positions, compensation, techniques and methodologies preferably in the SaaS space
Proven track record sourcing and hiring passive candidates
Ability to articulate the Qualtrics value proposition and story to candidates
Experience partnering and influencing senior hiring managers and executives throughout the recruiting cycle
Strong understanding of direct sourcing and effective interviewing techniques
Experience developing programs to drive large volume pipelines
Competitive drive, strong work ethic, tenacity, ambitious whatever it takes attitude
Desire for constant self-improvement
Ability to deal with ambiguity and thrive in a fast-paced, high stakes environment
Multi-tasking skills, organisational, timedecision management skills

 
Our Teams Favourite Perks and Benefits

Qualtrics Experience Program - A bonus each year for an experience of your choosing
Worldwide and diverse community that enjoys helping each other
Our offices are in the centre of Krakow and we take pride in creating an open and collaborative work space.
At Qualtrics we are constantly working to create an environment where everyone feels safe and comfortable coming to work and can, as a result of our culture, make their best possible contribution to our team

 
Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic.
Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection Act
Qualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
