
Staff Software Engineer - Information Security 
Company Description
At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.

Why We Have This Role
Qualtrics is seeking Software Engineers to join our growing Security Engineering function in our Krakw office. If you have a Bachelors degree, have 10 years of software engineering experience, and want to work at a fast-growing tech company, Qualtrics could be the place youve been dreaming about.
How Youll Grow
As a Software Engineer at Qualtrics, you should love building simple solutions to solve hard customer use cases or engineering scalability problems, and designing systems in an agile environment to withstand hyper growth and owning quality from end to end is a rewarding challenge and one of the reasons Qualtrics is such an exciting place to work.
Things Youll Do

Designing, configuration, and maintenance of the Identity and Access Management (IAM) system and processes at Qualtrics. 
Designing and developing platform anti-abuse systems.
Designing and developing our internal Security Orchestration, Automation, and Response (SOAR) system
Designing and developing systems for automatic provisioning, deletion, and reconciliation of IT systems. 
Defining and implementing authentication, authorization, and accounting (AAA) and role-based access control (RBAC) standards.
Supporting security incident response team
Improving the security landscape by designing, implementing, and maintaining various security measures.
Creating and maintaining complex system architecture and documentation.

What Were Looking For In Your Resume

10 years of relevant experience    
Strong level of curiosity and interest in learning      
Strong algorithms, data structures, and coding background    
Disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance    
Experience with Microservices Architecture and distributed systems  
Experience as a lead engineer in backend software development, building microservices, and event-driven architectures.
Experience with professional software engineering practices (e.g. CICD, code reviews, design documents)
Fundamentals of IAM concepts like ABAC vs RBAC, access federation (SSO, OAuth), employee lifecycle (joiner, mover, leaver)
Strong experience with Kubernetes, Linux, Docker
Strong hands-on experience with AWS
Strong hands-on experience with Python and at least one of these languages:  Java, Go, Rust 
Experience in Cyber Security is not required but will be a plus

What You Should Know About This Team
The Security Engineering team is responsible for building secure production infrastructure for preventing, detecting, and responding to security issues. This comprises mainly monitoring systems to detect and respond to various threats including vulnerabilities, intrusion, and abuse of the product leveraging in-house built  third-party solutions. The Security Engineering team is responsible for enforcing secure access to internal corporate systems, customer, and corporate data, by defining identity providers, tools, guardrails, and processes throughout the employee and system lifecycle. Security Engineering protects Qualtrics employees, assets, and customer data through the timely detection of anomalous activity and decisive response to security threats. Our vision is to mature our Security Operations response program in a scalable way with a unified strategy for the detection and prevention of information and physical security threats. To satisfy our mission statement, we operate under the following tenets: Security is everyones responsibility, humans forget - automate where we can, embrace compliance, prove our security, assume breach, and defense-in-depth.
 
Our Teams Favourite Perks and Benefits


Annual Leave: 20 or 26 annual leave days per annum plus an additional day for each year of service (to a max of 5).
Private Medical Insurance - Luxmed health  dental cover for you and your dependents.
Commuter Assistance - Up to the value of 80 PLN net a month for public transport.
Savings Plan - Two company saving plans provided by Goldman Sachs TFI: Employee Capital Plan (PPK) and employee Saving Plan (PPO)
QED PROGRAM - Qualtrics Engineer Development (QED) program: support, engineering learning activities up to 10 of engineering work time each quarter.
Wellness - Up to the value of 800 PLN gross per quarter can be reimbursed for a variety of wellness activities via our dedicated platform Forma.
A choice of Multispot cards is available.
Our employee assistance program with Unum provides counseling and wellbeing support to all employees
Experience bonus - 7000 PLN gross per annum. Qualtrics experience bonus is a program designed to provide experiences to our employees they might not otherwise have.
Group Life  Income Protection Insurance
GlassesContact lenses Reimbursement
Free breakfasts, lunches, snacks, and drinks for everyone in the office
Tax-deductible expenses (up to 75 depending on role)


 

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
