At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing. 
Why We Have This Role
Our GTM Operations team is responsible for overall productivity and effectiveness of the global field organization, partnering closely with the GTM team and teams across Qualtrics to drive initiatives and growth. Were looking for an experienced Analytics  Operations Leader to scale Qualtrics next phase of growth to 3B and beyond.  
How Youll Find Success
In this role, you will be a highly visible and independent thought leader and operator playing a key role in scaling the GTM Operations team. You will manage key operational functions including GTM Planning including territory, quota, etc. You will also be responsible for Data Infrastructure, Insights  Analytics, RFP Response and Deal Operations. You will work closely with Global Sales and Success leadership to set GTM strategy and mediumlong term goals for the business. You will work on topics that range from transformational GTM strategy to the nuts and bolts of GTM operations. This is a business critical role that spans the entire customer lifecycle and all of our global customer units, stretching from pre-sales to ongoing success and maturity. 
How Youll Grow
This leader will augment our existing GTM motions by challenging assumptions and influencing cross-functional stakeholders to develop and execute a winning GTM strategy that scales as we embark on this next phase in our journey. This is an exciting opportunity for a category leader poised in one of the most exciting growth segments of the enterprise SaaS market. This leader will report to our Worldwide Strategy  Operations leader. 
Things Youll Do

Lead a global GTM Planning and Operations team of 40 that covers Americas, EMEA, and APJ
Own and set the vision for the GTM Planning and Operations function, fostering a culture of collaboration and data-driven decision making, prioritizing an achievable roadmap for the GTM function.
In close partnership with Finance, drive the annual planning process including budget goals and performance, headcount and capacity management, quota  territory management, and compensation design and management.
Drive reliable global forecasting and reporting processes and support leadership in the understanding of pipeline, forecasts, account and opportunity management, data hygiene and enrichment, customer health measurement, contract management and reporting, and renewal workflows while bringing best in class sales strategy  planning techniques to support leadership in maximizing sales and revenue.
In partnership with IT, own all systems and tools related to our GTM teams with SFDC as our central hub. You will be responsible for the evaluation, improvement, and implementation of all tools and software that are leveraged by our GTM teams.
Own the E2E seller experience from tech stack to day to day experience
Oversee all deal operations including RFP management, deal execution, etc
Drive programs and motions accelerating consumption and usage across the customer life cycle and ensure successful landing and adoption of consumption motions and support delivery.
Drive GTM strategies across all customer segments and PartnerChannel sales motions; collaborating cross-functionally to ensure sales, marketing and customer experience processes for each segment are efficient, aligned and following best in class practices.
Lead projects ranging from GTM health and overall progress, process definition and refinement, systems implementation, data infrastructure and value-added analytics.
This is a critical business role that looks left to right across the Global GTM business, identifyingtargeting high-value opportunities and translating business insights into business models that accelerate business outcomes and customer satisfaction.

What Were Looking For On Your Resume 

15 years of relevant experience in GTM Operations, Sales Operations andor Strategic Sales roles for high growth SaaS products including several years as a manager of senior leaders.  
Proven experience building a scalable Revenue Operations strategy for companies above 1B in annual revenue.
Strong Executive presence and ability to influence and work cross functionally with C-Level executives.
Established history of driving multiple complex projects at the same time to on-time completion in a fast-moving environment.
Strong quantitative skills and are highly data fluent - youre able to develop and communicate key insights that inform how we organize and scale our GTM teams.
Operate as an inclusive leader with a proven history of building and developing diverse  inclusive teams, and attracting, retaining and developing your senior leadership team. 
Have demonstrated leadership  interpersonal capability in driving cross-functional execution, leading global change management initiatives through ambiguity, and proven ability to influence across organizational boundaries.
Are customer obsessed and operate with a focus on delivering exceptional customer experiences.
Have experience at scaling high tech SaaS companies with both Enterprise and SMB go-to-market models and partners.
Expert in the Salesforce ecosystem and GTM tools like Marketo or Outreach  customer experience platforms like Gainsight andor Totango. 
Have the ability to up level and build out the capabilities of Qualtrics teams and improve real-time insights  analytics, processes and automation.
Bachelors degree 
Location: Provo, Seattle

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic.
Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection Act
Qualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.