At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
Why We Have This Role
The XM Success Team is at the heart of Qualtrics. From the initial onboarding to ongoing adoption, we assist customers throughout their lifecycle, helping them unlock the most value from our products and services. We understand their goals and, as trusted advisors, will help them deliver on their business objectives and recommend solutions to the challenges they face. We are looking for scrappy individuals to join our team and have a huge impact on customer retention and expansion. We have impressive members on this team, and are always looking for more amazing talent!
How Youll Find Success


We hire the best with the intention of developing and promoting within. Our interview process is held at a high standard, however our companys success cannot be done without the success of our people.
We lead from the front on important issues. We have several teams focused on Diversity and Inclusion (MOSAIQ), cancer research (Five For The Fight) and Women in Leadership (WLD).
To learn more about what we value read about it directly from our employees Qualtrics Life stories


Things Youll Do

Thought Partnership  Cross-Functional Partnerships

Partner with XM Success Managers and work cross-functionally within Qualtrics to prioritize and advocate for software feature enhancements on their behalf
Collaborate within Customer Units and Qualtrics leadership on high-level client relationships and technology solutions

Technical Advising  Project Management

Become an expert at the company for our most strategic platform capabilities and understanding the customers platform needs
Help customers optimize their use of the Qualtrics platform and increase adoption of technical capabilities where possible
Build systems to facilitate program objectives and system effectiveness and measure reliability of services
Assist clients with executing regular maintenance activities (e.g., handling outages, assisting with root cause analysis, troubleshooting technical questions and issues)
Design and document functional and technical requirements and help scope projects by understanding timelines and associated levels of effort

Technology Support  Configurations

Seamlessly integrate new product features into existing programs
Proactively identify implementation process improvements, determine root causes and overcome roadblocks.
Drive adoption and expansion of key platform features by demoing and developing proof of conceptspilots for key platform features while leveraging best practice.
Execute build and configuration services that align to client objectives and strategic goals


What Were Looking For On Your


Bachelors degree minimum
Native or professional level of written a verbal communion skills in English and one of the following Spanish, French, Dutch, German or Arabic.
2-5 years experience working in a technical, consulting, or client-facing role
Hard-working self-starter capable of concurrently running multiple projects in a dynamic environment
Comfort in working both autonomously and collaboratively
Ability to articulate technical concepts to a non-technical audience
Familiarity with software and front-end development
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Strong problem-solving skills 


Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits


On top of our benefits (Healthcare, Pension, Bike to work, Travel tax, Wellness bonus etc.), we are offering an exciting Experience Bonus after a year of service. The purpose is to fund a dream youve always dreamt of! it could be from attending a sporting event or concert or visiting somewhere exotic or staying at a 5 star hotel!
A comprehensive package consisting of base, bonus and equity 


Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.

