
At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.

 
Why We Have This Role
Were looking for a Content Designer to help develop and strengthen our products and experiences. Content designers at Qualtrics work just like a UX Designer and use things like language, communication, and storytelling throughout the product development and design process to create clear, inviting, and meaningful experiences for everyone.
How Youll Find Success
Youll leverage your expertise in design thinking and product strategy from the earliest strategic product discussions and design explorations, and deliver things like content frameworks, workshop outcomes, design principles, product flows, taxonomies, navigation, in-product messaging, product and feature naming, and more for both mobile and desktop experiences. Youll also help scale the content design practice at Qualtrics by developing and contributing to things like content standards, tone and voice, terminology, and content quality.
Things Youll Do


Help develop and define the overall product story or narrative to keep design decisions and user flows heading in the right direction.
Develop design and content principles and frameworks that scale with specific feature areas.
Apply systems thinking to the product either through IA work or system level design guidance.
Work alongside partners to design product flows and iterate based on feedback and research.
Design, write, edit, test, and improve things like onboarding flows, UI content, product and feature names, navigation labels, and terminology.
Give and solicit feedback from UX and product partners.
Edit and contribute to design and content in Figma or other design tools.
Collaborate with partners including engineering, UX design, research, data science, and product marketing from the earliest stages all the way through launch.
Partner with our localization team to ensure high quality experiences for every language and locale.
Help influence product decisions, team direction, and strategy.
Independently and proactively identify and work on projects that span multiple teams and product areas.
Develop and scale the content design discipline at Qualtrics by doing things like interviewing candidates, mentoring other content designers, developing content standards, building templates or guidance for our toolkit, and generally playing an active role in developing the skill and craft of the content design team.


What Were Looking For On YourResume


5 years experience as a content designer, content strategist, information architect, UX writer or similar role with a UX or product design team.
An online portfolio of relevant work samples. B2B SaaS work samples are a plus.
Ability to simplify and communicate complex concepts to a diverse audience.
Proven systems thinking, with ability to quickly learn about technical systems.
Design thinking and UX experience.
Experience working directly with product designers, product marketers, product managers, marketing copywriters, and researchers, driving projects that have major customer impact.
Demonstrated experience leading projects with minimal direction and managing ambiguity.


What You Should Know About This Team
This role will be part of a global UX team and report to the content design lead in Seattle, Washington. Youll have a dedicated product area to focus on and will be deeply integrated into a design team as an equal partner in the development of the product.
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits


Unlimited Sick Days
QMentorship Program matches you with a mentor inside Qualtrics to get meaningful coaching from someone outside your team.
Amazing QGroup Communities; MOSAIQ, Green Team, Qualtrics Pride, QAble, Qualtrics Salute, and Womens Leadership Development, which exist as places for support, allyship, and advocacy.


 

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
For full-time positions, this pay range is for base per year; however, base pay offered may vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, education, skills, and experience. For part-time or intern positions, this pay range is for base pay per hour. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be included in an employment offer, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and other benefits, based on eligibility criteria.Washington State Pay Transparency Range126,000—224,000 USD