Why We Have This Role


Qualtrics is experiencing hyper-growth globally and in Asia Pacific and Japan (APJ). Only starting in the region 6 years ago, we have grown to over 450 employees and 7 offices and launched in major markets across APJ (ANZ, SEA, Japan, India, South Korea and Greater China).
Starting on the Sales Development Team, you will receive world-class training on our products and sales process, get acclimated to the industry, and become familiar with our client demographic. Those who exemplify exceptional performance will be quickly promoted to one of our Corporate Sales Teams across multiple product lines. Corporate Sales representatives have the opportunity to progress in sales or leadership positions.
The Sales Development team is essential in Qualtrics sales and marketing efforts and is responsible for a combination of demand response, demand management and demand creation. The purpose of the department is to:

Generate qualified pipeline that progresses through the sales funnel, generating new closed revenue.
To develop new quota-carrying Account Executives.

This opportunity will be predominantly focused on our new business expansion plans across the APAC region. This position sits on our India team. Youll be prospecting into key markets in India.


How Youll Find Success


Bachelors Degree 
Minimum 6-12 months experience in Sales role
Experience making cold-calls and working on inbound marketing qualified leads
Confident in written and spoken communication
Reliable, confident, and articulate
Ability to make a high volume of outbound calls and communicate well with VP-level executives
Highly motivated to accelerate your career in software sales
Exceptional interpersonal ability


Things Youll Do

As an SDR, you are responsible for contacting leaders and executives in organizations of all sizes across many verticals. Your focus is helping leaders gain insights around their market, customers, and employees, which allows them to make quicker decisions driven by data.


Demand creation (cold calling), demand response (warm calling), and demand management (managed follow-up process).
Effectively communicate value propositions across multiple product lines to secure initial meetings with prospects
You work with Account Executives to discuss and strategise methods to penetrate targeted accounts with the goal of setting quality meetings.
You work closely with our Marketing team to execute on personalized account-based campaigns
Youre the best with LinkedIn, Salesforce  understand how to use tools such as Outreach.
You attend 1:1s, team meetings, trainings, sales calls, discovery calls, demos, etc. to develop your skills.
You collaborate with your peers sharing standard methodologies, oops moments, and role-playing to ensure youre focused on continuous improvement.
You identify key decision-makers andor key influencers within an organization across many different departments
You articulate to prospects how our tools can help their organizations get to the next level with real-time data
You work well with teammates and like to strategize and plan out creative methods to generate more business opportunities
Youre a self-starter, competitive, and driven. You see the bigger picture. You dont settle for mediocrity
Financial rewards, opportunities for growth, and promotions motivate you.



Our Teams Favourite Perks and Benefits

We live by our cultural values: TACOS - Transparency, All In, Customer Obsessed, One Team, and Scrappy

We hire the best intending to develop and promote within. Our company success cannot be done without the success of our people.
We lead from the front on important issues. We have several teams focused on Diversity and Inclusion (MOSAIQ), cancer research (Five For The Fight), Women in Leadership (WLD), Veterans (QSalute)... the list goes on.
We provide a very comprehensive benefits package with lots of opportunities to promote.



 
LI-Hybrid

 