At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing. 
The Role
Global Go-to-Market Training and Enablement Leader
Why We Have This Role
With Qualtrics poised to continue our incredible category-leading growth, the Global Training and Enablement team is tasked with ensuring the onboarding, productivity and success of our global Go-To-Market, Services, and Partner delivery teams.
This critical leadership position is highly valued by and visible to both the executive team and the Board of Directors as Qualtrics continues its unbelievable year over year growth. 
This team is at the center of our Enablement engine, owning critical activities including: onboarding, platform and solution training, skills development and coaching, and performance analysisimprovement. The success or failure of this team - and this role- is measured by achieving critical field and frontline outcomes for our sellers, success reps, and servicepartner teams. The FOCUS for this team is delivering on core business KPIs including: sales productivity and effectiveness, reducing ramp time, and improving customer retention and adoption across the globe. 
To accomplish our incredibly aggressive goals for 2024 and beyond, the team needs to add a dynamic Global Head of Training and Enablement who can hit the ground running and deliver high-quality enablement and coaching programs that move the needle on core KPIs. 
How Youll Find Success

Hire, motivate and manage an efficient and skilled global enablement team supporting a field organization of 3,000 people. 
Design and develop the Global GTM enablement strategy and operating model
Partner with cross-functional teams including Sales, Success, Services, Product Marketing, and Operations to align and prioritize on enablement programs.  
Leverage data and insights to understand where we have growth opportunities and execute programs to focus on what matters most to deliver field outcomes
Organize a global training delivery model that is built for scale and effectiveness for onboarding and ramping critical customer-facing roles
Collaborate with our Product Marketing and Field leadership to identify core skills and knowledge needed to be successful in customer-facing roles (e.g., platform knowledge, role skills, industry expertise)
Create effective role-specific training modules and materials to ensure our customer-teams are the gold standard in their respective roles in the Saas industry
Establish a network of sponsors across the business so that every enablement initiative has support and participation from the business in its planning, development, sign off, and release.
Passionate about measuring the real impact of training and enablement programs. 
Address the global and localized needs of a worldwide organization

 Qualifications  Requirements 


Ability to redesign the entire end-to-end enablement model to be simple, scalable, and outcome oriented.



Experience in the Field. Ability to manage relationships with the Field and Product Marketing leaders. 
5 years leading a cross functional Global Enablement team.  
Experience in GTM enablement in the SaaS space. 
Experience in B2B SalesSuccess at both the Corporate and Enterprise level. 
Experience working with cross-functional internal stakeholders to reimagine and simplify company-wide processes 
Ability to work independently in an extremely fast-paced environment where everyday is different.  
You thrive in the unknown and are extremely agile and willing to be flexible, juggling multiple - and often conflicting - priorities.   
Passionate about modern approaches to learning. Experience with Micro learning, personalized learning journeys, learning reinforcement and gamification. 
Ability to travel quarterly.  

How Youll Grow
This role is perfect for those passionate about helping teams learn in a dynamic and fun way. A day in the life is rarely the same, moving from diving deep into process optimization to assessing performance gaps and developing custom remedies to ensure everyone in a customer-facing role at Qualtrics is successful. Taking the role to the next level includes:
- Definitively increasing global sales productivity and effectiveness
- Meaningfully reducing new hire ramp time to value
- Simplifying, scaling and focusing the global enablement engine 
- Influencing the global GTM motion for one of the most reputable field teams in the world 
Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic.
Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection Act
Qualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
 
 
 
 
 