At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. 
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
Enterprise Services Manager
Why We Have This Role
As an Enterprise Services Manager of a team of Technical Account Managers (TAMs) you will combine a passion for developing and leading teams, solving complex business problems and ensuring delivery of top tier customer support. Youll also drive customer obsession by helping our clients unlock the most value from our products and services. Working closely with our Global Head of Enterprise Services and other cross functional leaders, you will help establish a strong network that enhances the customer experience for our largest enterprise clients. You should have a strong interest in (1) building high performing teams; (2) driving operational best practices; (3) expanding Experience Management adoption; and (4) providing a world class customer experience to our enterprise customers.
How Youll Find Success

Demonstrated ability to build and lead teams to concrete and measurable results.
Excellent analyticalproblem-solving skills with a history of driving impact within an organization.
Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to inspire and lead others.
Detail-orientation with an ability to prioritize and meet bold goals.
Experience recruiting and hiring exceptional candidates.
Experience communicating teams value-add for recruiting and sales discussions.

How Youll Grow

Demonstrated success of leadership will lead to strong team collaboration and allow you to make decisions that impact the overall success and growth of the organization.
Continue to develop your ability to understand customer needs, anticipate challenges, and provide effective solutions.

Things Youll Do

Lead a team of Technical Account Managers to deliver high touch technical support and technology configuration services. This team drives program adoption and usage, as well as technical thought partnership and strategy.
Manage team capacity, forecasting, financial performance and resource allocation
Help hire, onboard, train, and retain top talent
Provide coaching and mentorship to guide career development for TAMs
Work closely with cross-functional counterparts to identify and drive initiatives to improve the customer experience.
Collaborate with the Product team, bringing unique insights on real-world client needs to shape Product roadmap.
Communicate team impact and results to key partners and act as an advocate for the team within Qualtrics and to external customers.
Maintain an expert knowledge of the Qualtrics XM Platform and other products and drive improvements to product qualitycustomer experience.

What Were Looking For On Your Resume

8 years of professional experience
3-5 years of direct client management experience
Prior leadership experience - including building and leading teams
MBA or advanced degree from a top-tier university

What You Should Know About This Team

This is a high performing team with a do-what-it-takes approach to problem solving
We believe that success comes through teamwork and collaboration, not through individual success.  You win when the team wins. 

Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits

Work life integration is deeply important to us - we have frequent office events, team outings, and happy hours
Wellness reimbursement and Experience bonus
Life and Health insurance

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic.
Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection Act
Qualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.