At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. 
 
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
                                                                                                                  Technical Support Specialist 
Why We Have This Role 
At Qualtrics, we are on the cutting edge of Experience Management; helping our clients to provide the best experiences for their customers and employees. We are seeking people to join an industry-leading frontline customer and product support team to help our clients and ensure their experiences with Qualtrics are extraordinary. 
 
How Youll Find Success 

Youll know you are a top performer when you consistently receive top satisfaction scores from our wide variety of clients. Youll become an authorityexpert in the Qualtrics product, which will ensure you can effectively help our customers with a mix of instructing and troubleshooting. 
You will thrive in a fast paced environment, handling high volume customer interactions via phone, email and chat with exceptional attention to detail. 
You have strong organisational skills, can juggle multiple priorities, and are a great communicator who empathises with customers. You are inventive in the face of challenges, you use your expertise to consult and advise on best practices, and refuse to give up until our customers succeed.
You will collaborate closely with cross functional teams, customer operations leads and colleagues around the globe, building strong internal and external relationships. 

 
How Youll Grow

You will have the opportunity to develop and refine your skills in customer relationship management, data analysis and problem solving. 
The one constant about Qualtrics is change - you regularly adapt and learn as our products and technologies evolve.
We have an in-office culture and open office environment here at Qualtrics, so you collaborate with colleagues in real time to find solutions for our customers.
We are committed to investing in the growth and development of our employees through continuous learning and professional development opportunities - with potential opportunities to develop into technical team leaders for various areas of the platform alongside paths to other technical product support roles. 

 
Things Youll Do

Joining our industry leading front-line customer and product support team, youll provide technical support through innovative solutions to our global customers, averaging between 15-20 customer interactions per day. 
Delight clients, earning high customer satisfaction scores for each interaction.
Rotating shift pattern between 7.30am - 5.30pm with limited need for evening and weekend work periodically. 

 
What Were Looking For On Your Resume: 
Minimum Requirements:

English language fluency, written and spoken. 
Minimum of a Bachelors degree - Business, Economics, Management, Psychology, STEM and more
Hard-working self-starter capable of balancing multiple priorities and customer interactions per day in a dynamic environment
Excellent analytical skills and technical abilityaptitude
Ability to communicate and teach complicated concepts empathetically
Detail-orientation with an ability to prioritise and resolve customer issues
Interest in TechnologySaaS industry

Preferred Requirements:

Experience in a customer facing role or tech or start-up environment
Skills in one or more of the following languages: German, French, Italian, Spanish, Dutch, Arabic
Technical or hard science degree
Prior instructing, research, or tutoring experience

 
Our Teams Favourite Perks and Benefits

Annual Leave: 20 or 26 annual leave days per annum plus an additional day for each year of service (to a max of 5).
Private Medical Insurance- Luxmed health  dental cover for you and your dependants.
Commuter Assistance- Up to the value of 80 PLN net a month for public transport.
Savings Plan- Two company saving plans provided by Nationale Nederlanden: Employee Capital Plan (PPK)  Employee Saving Plan (PPO)
QED PROGRAM- Qualtrics Engineer Development (QED) program: support, engineering learning activities up to 10 of engineering work time each quarter.
Wellness- Up to the value of 800PLN gross per quarter can be reimbursed for a variety of wellness activities via our dedicated platform Forma. 
A choice of Multisport cards available.

Our employee assistance program with Unum provides counselling and wellbeing support to all employees


Experience Bonus - 7000 PLN gross per annum. Qualtrics experience bonus is a program designed to provide experiences to our employees they might not otherwise have.


Group Life  Income Protection Insurance


GlassesContact lenses Reimbursement


Free breakfasts, lunches, snacks, and drinks for everyone in the office


 





 





 