At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
The Implementation Team is at the heart of Qualtrics. The initial onboarding experience and solution delivery establishes the client relationship and sets the tone for the partnership. We understand our clients goals and, as trusted advisors, recommend solutions to the challenges they face. We listen carefully to our clients and advocate for customers internally, driving operational improvements and product enhancements.
How Youll Find Success
You will know you are doing a great job when you:

Successfully onboard our clients, implement and deliver customer projects, driving them from inception to production go-live
Deliver solutions of value to our customers, ultimately resulting in high renewal and expansion rates
Build strong, lasting relationships with clients, and are a creative and analytical problem-solver
Support the Product team to improve product features and, in time, the Sales team in pursuit of large deals.
Exhibit the ability to effectively juggle multiple priorities 
Demonstrate outstanding interpersonal, collaboration, and communication skills
Most importantly, you care deeply about our clients and provide them a world-class experience

How Youll Grow:
You will be joining a fast-growing, highly-motivated team that has a considerable impact on the business and many opportunities to evolve, such as the following:

Hands-on experience with emerging technologies
Exposure to the latest thought leadership in the XM industry
Opportunities to own and drive initiatives and strategic projects, such as the adoption of new product features 
Opportunities to demonstrate leadership, mentoring, and knowledge sharing across the organization
Avenues to pursue continuous learning and acquisition of new skills in technology, project management, and personal growth

Things Youll Do

Rapidly become an expert on the Qualtrics Experience Management (XM) Platform and related solutions
Design and document functional and technical requirements and help scope projects by understanding timelines and work
Solve complex technical implementations both independently and in a team environment
Clearly communicate solutions back to clients through multiple communication channels
Enable clients on the Qualtrics Experience Management (XM) Platform and related solutions
Lead implementation projects to completion, including management of client relationships, schedule, risks, issues, and resources.
Coordinate and collaborate with the Engagement Manager and other members of the internal account team.
Collaborate with our Product Management and Engineering teams to solve problems and deliver custom engineering solutions
Contribute to the teams body of knowledge, including lessons learned, best practices, and guidance materials.
Continuously adapt and deepen your product knowledge while staying updated on emerging technologies.

What Were Looking For 
We know that women and people from underrepresented groups tend to not apply unless they meet all the criteria - if you believe you are qualified for the role, we encourage you to apply even if you dont meet all the criteria.

4-8 years of experience at a SaaSTechnologyConsulting Company
Bachelors degree or greater in Computer Science or Information SystemsTechnology, or equivalent experience
Experience in the delivery of technical solutions that drive business value
Experience in project management is beneficial, but not required
Basic skills in the language of technology, through coding and engineering, e.g. HTMLCSS, Javascript (beneficial but not required)
Excellence in written and verbal communication, problem-solving, and working in a rapidly changing environment
Client-facing experience in a technical or project management role 
Fluency in English
Additional languages beneficial, but not required

What Differentiates Us From Other Companies

Work-life integration and fun is deeply important to us! We have frequent office events, team outings, and happy hours
Annual Leave: 20 or 26 annual leave days per annum plus an additional day for each year of service (to a max of 5).
Private Medical Insurance- Luxmed health  dental cover for you and your dependants.
Commuter Assistance- Up to the value of 80 PLN net a month for public transport.
Savings Plan- Two company saving plans provided by Nationale Nederlanden: Employee Capital Plan (PPK)  Employee Saving Plan (PPO)
Wellness- Up to the value of 800PLN gross per quarter can be reimbursed for a variety of wellness activities via our dedicated platform Twic.
A choice of Multispot cards available.
Our employee assistance program with Unum provides counselling and wellbeing support to all employees
Experience bonus- 7000 PLN gross per annum. Qualtrics experience bonus is a program designed to provide experiences to our employees they might not otherwise have.
Group Life  Income Protection Insurance
GlassesContact lenses Reimbursement
Free breakfasts, lunches, snacks, and drinks for everyone in the office
Tax-deductible expenses (up to 75 depending on role)

To learn more about what we value read about it directly from our employees Qualtrics Life stories
Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.