At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
 
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
 
Global HR Operations Leader
 
Why We Have This Role

Our Global HR Operations leader will lead a large global team of Employee Experience and Human resources generalists focused on building a world-class EX Operations function responsible for providing high quality experience to our employees.  You will own the internal employee support experience as well as be responsible for the key moments that matter in the employee lifecycle.
In partnership with the People Business Partner team, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion team, Talent Acquisition, Total Rewards, People Data Systems  Analytics, People Brand Strategy,  People Development and regional partners you will be responsible for partnering cross-functionally to drive process and system improvements that will increase the efficiency of the People team, and help us deliver on a legendary Employee Experience.  You will report directly to the Global Employee Experience Leader.

 
Things Youll Do


Lead the redesign and implementation of the current employee Support Experience and operations to scale with Qualtrics headcount and global growth.
This role is responsible for continuous improvement as it relates to employee self-service. Continue to evolve and improve our employee self-service.
Ownership for first contact for employees with the People team.
Be a thought leader, set the direction and collaborate with leaders to identify highest impact initiatives to close EX gaps.
Lead, coach, develop and inspire team members to plan, prioritize and execute assignments with exceptional service delivery and to enable our people, both managers and employees, to deliver on our vision to be a great place to work.  
Ownership of the design, implement, measure, improve and communicate experiences around the critical moments that matter in the employee lifecycle e.g. Orientation, Onboarding, Leave of Absence, Mobility through to Alumni.
Partner with people and internal stakeholders on the end-to-end experience design to drive a consistent employee experience at scale globally.
Ensuring the best infrastructure for our Qualtricians to interact with the People team [aka internal employee support portal]  and find the information they need for all things along the employee lifecycle.  
Inspire an operational excellence culture and mindset within the EX Operations team and across the People team.
Proactively partner with the People Systems leader to leverage  People systems and technology (existing and new) to scale reducing administrative burden, enhancing employee experience and improving people data quality and integrity.  Proactively streamlining processes and systems to improve ways of working and make them more efficient  scalable as our business grows.
In Partnership with the internal EX program team, own the Employee experience roadmap, using insights from our employee listening programs to identify and deliver scalable ex programs to close gaps.  
Ensure our EX Operations team operates efficiently and aligns with our business objectives.
Establish KPIs, metrics and operational dashboards to monitor internal employee support CSAT and ticket data, creating a regular cadence of reporting and reviews to drive continuous improvement.
Own and implement, curate and maintain company policies and complete compliance audits
Evolve existing processes to ensure we are operating at scale as a company and leverage AI in all we do within the People organization to drive efficiency.


 
What Were Looking For On Your Resume


10-15 years of leading, managing and growing HR  
Bachelors degree and or equivalent preferred
Experience working in a fast-paced global technology company
Experience scaling HR Services across multiple countries
Strong customer service and partner mindset
Experience in building, inspiring and developing team of EX  HR specialists
Ability to be flexible and adaptable to changing priorities and to working with a globally distributed team
Strong project and program management skills, from concept, to planning, to implementation, to results measurement
Great organizational skills, high attention to detail, and an ability to complete competing priorities quickly
Exceptional oral and written communication skills
Operations skill set, continuous improvement mindset and passion for building systems and programs to scale, globally.
Strong stakeholder management skills, can develop and maintain effective working relationships across all levels of an organization, especially senior level leaders
Strong data-driven approach, monitoring progress and measuring experience and effectiveness
Ability to maintain confidentiality and use outstanding judgment on a daily basis
A passion for understanding the business goals, finding solutions, and improving processes
Experience with SuccessFactors HRIS, Workday and ServiceNow
Knowledge of change management and workflow process mapping across the employee lifecycle


 
What You Should Know About This Team

Small  Mighty team - we get scrappy but our solutions are incredible
Internal mobility is strong - were always looking for teammates who are wanting to stretch and expand their scope.
The business values our partnership - they really value our opinions and expertise
Lots of face time with CPO

 
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits


The annual Qualtrics Experience Bonus can be used for an experience of your choosing. Some team members have chosen to use the bonus for vacations, concert or event tickets, or home improvement projects.
A comprehensive package consisting of base, bonus, equity and generous benefits. Clear expectations for performance and progression pathways.
We offer private health insurance, annual experience bonus, wellness stipend to allow you to focus on yourself each quarter, and much more...


 