 


At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.

 
Manager, Research Services Operations
 


Why We Have This Role 
 
Research Services delivers 12k projects per year, 14 million responses collected across roughly 2500 accounts. We work across existing Qualtrics accounts to maximize the value of the software and help clients leverage data and insights to tackle challenging business objectives. We are seeking a leader of a cross-functional team of experts (in project management, bidding scoping, and research design analysis).
How Youll Find Success


Proven ability to lead a team of high performing individuals
Ability to execute large scale research projects flawlessly
Track record of delivering exceptional client experiences
Strong understanding of business commercials
Skill in PL management, including identifying unique efficiency and optimization opportunities
Continuous improvement and growth mindset
Passion for mentoring and supporting junior team members
Ability to excite and encourage a team through transformation


How Youll Grow


As a founding member of this team in this location, potential to grow into site leadership by cultivating the culture we strive to embody in office
Ability to own strategic initiatives with executive exposure sponsorship that have tremendous departmental and organizational impact


Things Youll Do


Manage with empathy a team of roughly 8-10 individuals at varying levels of experience and expertise
Deliver the quarterly revenue and profit goals for your team
Support your direct reports with appropriate enablement opportunities to improve efficiency and outcomes
Guide the team on managing client expectations (scope, deliverables, quality, etc)
Foster an inclusive team culture that inspires fulfillment and engagement


What Were Looking For On Your


A minimum of 5 to 7 years in an operations role
3 years of people leadership experience
Understanding and expertise with a wide array of research methodologies
Bachelors or advanced degree in business, mathematics, or the sciences
Comfortable in a fast-pace, unstructured, and highly competitive environment
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively through both written and spoken forms
Bilingual: English and Spanish written and verbal proficiency


What You Should Know About This Team


We work with a team of highly motivated, ambitious individuals. Keeping that energy and spirit alive is critical, while balancing an expectation of meritocracy as it pertains to performance management.
Our client satisfaction rate is incredibly high and a point of pride for our teams. Identifying ways to continue to delight stakeholders is key.
The researchers on our team often incubate new products for the company. Creating space and encouraging this innovation is critical to our companys growth and success.
The day-to-day in this role is dynamic and fast paced - the ability to prioritize and focus is critical to success.


Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits


Up to the value of MXN 6,250 per quarter can be reimbursed for a variety of wellness activities via our dedicated platform, Forma.
Qualtrics Experience Bonus ( 1,800 USD gross per calendar year) is a program designed to provide experiences to our employees they might not otherwise have.
Qualtrics pays 100 of the premiums for employees and their dependents. Medical and Vision plans are through MetLife, Dental plan is through Dentegra, and Minor Medical Insurance is through MediAccess.
15 days per year (2 additional days per year after the 10th year, up to 25 days)

 

