At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing. 
 
The Role: Event Manager
 
Why We Have this Role
We are looking for an experienced Event Manager to ensure seamless execution of our marketing events. With our flagship conference, X4, and regional conferences on the horizon, this role is crucial in managing all logistical aspects of these events. The Event Manager will be responsible for coordinating venue selection, food and beverage arrangements, audio visual requirements, logistics, guest services, vendor management, staffing, registration, and onsite materials.
 
How Youll Find Success

Effectively plan and execute events within budget and time constraints
Possess strong project management skills and attention to detail
Deliver exceptional experiences to attendees and sponsors
Develop and implement strategies to engage attendees and continuously improve event experiences based on feedback and industry trends

 
How Youll Grow: As an Event Manager, you will have the opportunity to play a key role in the success of our events and make a significant impact on our organization. This role will provide you with the chance to build your expertise in event planning and management, negotiate contracts, develop vendor relationships, and enhance your project management and problem-solving skills. You will also have the opportunity to collaborate with cross-functional teams and work closely with high-level executives.
 
Things Youll Do:

Plan and execute events, including venue selection, logistics, vendor management, and onsite coordination.
Develop timelines and budgets for event deliverables.
Monitor expenses and ensure adherence to budgets.
Coordinate sponsor onboarding and fulfillment of their obligations.
Source new venues and negotiate contracts for future events.
Enhance attendee engagement strategies and improve event experiences based on feedback and industry trends.
Coordinate the creation of event materials.
Research and select vendors based on quality and cost.
Oversee onsite attendee experience, including registration, problem-solving, and vendor coordination.

 
What Were Looking for on Your Resume:

Bachelors degree or relevant experience.
Minimum of 8 years of event planning experience, preferably in a corporate or high-profile environment (tech industry experience is a plus).
Strong project management skills and attention to detail.
Experience managing programs for high-level executive audiences.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Strong negotiation and vendor management abilities.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office and Google Suite.
Willingness to travel for key events.

 
What You Should Know about this Team: 

Highly motivated and dedicated event and brand management team
Collaborative, supportive, and thrive in a fast-paced environment
Values innovation and continuously seeks to improve event planning processes
Dedicated to delivering exceptional experiences for attendees

 
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits:

Work life integration is deeply important to us - we have frequent office events, team outings, and happy hours
Qualtrics Experience Program - 1,800 for an experience of your choosing (eligible after a year)
We take pride in our offices design aiming at fostering creativity from our rooftop views to an open and collaborative work space.
30 paid days off - 15 PTO  5 Personal Days  10 Holiday Closures (additional after a year)
On top of standard benefits package (medical employees and their families, dental, vision, life insurance, etc) we provide snacks, drinks, and free lunches in our office
We believe in sharing Qualtrics success which is part of the compensation for all employees

