At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing. 
Why We Have This Role 
The Strategic Operations team is responsible for the most important cross-functional strategic initiatives of the business. This includes designing and driving our company-wide operating rhythm to ensure the business effectively delivers on its most critical operational and financial outcomes. With a goal of growing revenue to 3B and beyond in the next few years, and an expanding global footprint, coordinating global efforts and aligning strategic decision making is more important than ever. The Global Strategic Operations Leader will act as a bridge between different departments within the organization to align the efforts of various units and ensure that everyone is working towards the same strategic objectives internally. 
Qualtrics is seeking a Global Strategic Operations Leader responsible for partnering closely with our executive team and regional leadership to drive business critical programs and initiatives. This is a highly visible and strategic role tied closely to our CEOCOO, and focused on tackling a wide scope ranging from internal business operations, to strategic projects, to ongoing XM programs to maximize our customer and employee experience.
How Youll Find Success

Tackle the companys most strategic and complex initiatives, and orchestrate cross-functional efforts and programs to deliver results. 
Youll successfully partner with CEO, COO and global leaders to drive an effective and efficient company operating rhythm of business.
You will effectively structure a problem, design a solution, and drive operational efforts across the business to deliver critical business outcomes. 
Manage the most senior stakeholders across the business, supporting a broad range of efforts that could include transformation work, integration work, or special projects to deliver on core business KPIs. 
Take very ambiguous problems and bring structure to them. Ability to create an operational and effective project plan, and then organize a team of resources to deliver on time against that plan. 

Things Youll Do 

Global leader overseeing cross-functional strategic initiatives and C-Suite programs
Reports to the Worldwide Head of Strategy and Operations
Partner closely with CEOCOO on business critical programs and initiatives
Lead annual planning efforts (in partnership with HR, Finance, Ops) to deliver a financial plan, operational plan, and workforce plan
Execute strategic projects that drive the corporate strategy forward. 
Strategic Operations

Cross-functional, company-wide, strategic initiatives
Special operations for CEOCOO
Business transformation and continuous improvement
MA integration

Business Operations and Company Rhythm

Annual and strategic planning
Company-wide operating rhythm (i.e., how we operate)

XM Programs

CX Center of Excellence (current leader will be direct report) 
XM instrumentation and measurement
Action workflows  inner loop
Journey mapping and experience design 
Outerloop cross-functional management
Experience insights and reporting


 
What Were Looking For On Your Resume 

Strong executive presence - must be able to work closely and problem solve with senior leadership and our executive team. 
An experienced consulting skill set - able to structure a problem, set up a plan to solve, and operationally execute across the business.
Business planning - experience being involved with some form of strategy planning, business planning, annual planning and running the rhythm of the business for an organization.
Strong cross-functional stakeholder management and significant operational rigor - must have a proven track record of driving engagements successfully  on time and with meaningful results and impact. 
Experience in the XM or CX space.

 
Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic.
Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection Act
Qualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
 
 
 