At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
 
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
 
Senior Specialist, Marketing Campaign Operations
 
Why we have this role
 
Qualtrics is looking for a Marketing Campaign Operations Specialist to join the Global Marketing Operations team. This person will work with global business stakeholders, Demand Generation partners, and our field marketing leads to launch and track the success of our marketing campaigns. This person will ensure that incoming requests are complete, meet standardized criteria, and are optimized for our global demand generation standards - ensuring all marketing campaigns are QAed and launched on time. 
 
How youll find success
The ideal Marketing Campaign Operations specialist is a dynamic and detail-oriented marketer who can learn quickly, drive projects independently, and fuel this fast-paced growth. This individual will also learn from and work with fellow Marketing Operations team members to help create scalable processes that ensure best practices in lead generation, lead routing, funnel management, and revenue attribution.
 
Things youll do


Support Marketing Campaign Operations through templatized programs that include attribution, lead flow, landing page development, operational email, and project management elements


Administer Marketo programs, working with the campaign teams to structure programs and ensure operational efficiency at scale.


Monitor and maintain data quality within the marketing database, ensuring accuracy.


Monitor the lead lifecycle of campaign members of campaigns globally - measure, and monitor record funnel from inquiry to MQL to closed won opportunity.


Collaborate with marketing teams, analytics, field marketers and sales stakeholders to determine and evolve marketing automation best practices.


Analyze campaign results and optimize to increase engagement, lead quality, conversion rates, program performance and the effectiveness of marketing spend.


 
What were looking for on your resume


Proven track record in a fast-paced environment and organizational skills to manage multiple projects with flawless execution, delivering under a tight deadline 


A high degree of initiative, self-motivation and resourcefulness.


Strong analytical skills and experience with actionable reporting for stakeholders


Technically capable, excellent communicator, and a desire to improve processes.


High aptitude to learn and adopt new applications to generate results


Experience in campaign creation, webpage development, lead management andor working with sales team


Bachelors or masters degree from selective university


1-3 years of hands-on experience in B2B Marketing Operations and Marketing Automation Platforms (Marketo, Eloqua preferred)


Proficiency with Marketo and Marketo Certification preferred


Proficiency with Salesforce.com preferred


Familiarity with Wordpress.com and AcquiaDrupal preferred


 
Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
 