
At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
Renewals  CSA Manager
Why We Have This Role
The Qualtrics Commercial Operations team is seeking a full-time Manager to lead our Commercial Strategy Associate (CSA)  Renewals Management team.
This role is for someone who can problem solve in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment, can effectively communicate difficult decisions, who holds themselves to the best practices of Managers at Qualtrics and who wants to gain visibility with top leaders of the organization.
This role is pivotal to ensure our business scales services operations via process improvement, reports healthy revenue, drives operational excellence and establishes an early tenure talent pipeline to our business. Central to success is a thriving partnership with the XM Success (XMS) team, allowing us to scale these services to more customers in the face of cost pressure and evolving customer needs.
How Youll Find Success

Strong problem-solving skills: Can navigate a fast-paced, ambiguous environment and find creative solutions to challenges that arise during the renewal process.
Excellent communication skills. Verbal and written - critical to managing stakeholder expectations, reporting and developing internal partnerships.
Leadership and mentoring abilities: Passionate about coaching and mentoring a high performing team.
Results-oriented mindset: Driven by achieving success, and takes action to celebrate success, remove barriers, and make choices to adjust focus areas as needed. Delivering renewals billing (), utilization and internal CSAT targets.
Strategic thinking: Able to design and implement innovative, global, and scalable operational processes that increase efficiency and ensure a positive stakeholder experience.
Collaboration skills: Strong ability to build relationships across Sales, Customer Success, Product and Finance to meet short and long term goals.
Accountability and ownership: Strong sense of ownership and will take initiative to mature the existing team, prioritize value-added activities, and automate repetitive tasks.

How Youll Grow

Leadership Development: As a Manager, there will be ample opportunities for the individual to further develop their leadership and mentoring abilities.
Strategic Thinking and Process Improvement: You will have the chance to design and implement innovative, global, and scalable operational processes. You can take the initiative to identify areas for improvement, streamline processes, and optimize efficiency within the department.
Cross-Functional Collaboration: You will have the opportunity to gain exposure to different areas of the business to broaden your understanding of the companys operations, enhance your communication and teamwork skills, and provide a holistic perspective that will be valuable for your career advancement.

Things Youll Do

Lead and Develop A High-Performing Team:

Coach and mentor a team of 7-10 CSAs and Renewal Specialists to deliver excellent experiences to internal stakeholders throughout the entire customer journey, including the sales and customer renewal process.
Track team and individual progress weekly, taking actions to celebrate success, remove barriers, and adjust focus areas as needed.
Evaluate team member performance and provide direct and actionable feedback.

Scale Services Operations:

Partner with XMS leadership and regional leaders to ensure CSAs are being levered for maximum impact for the frontline XM Success Managers
Analyze CSAT scores and verbatims to extract insights on key success drivers and areas for improvement
Identify key service offerings to scale operations to maximize efficiency in services operations

Drive Renewals Billings Performance:

Collaborate with internal teams including Finance, Sales, Sales Operations, and Customer Success to optimize renewals billings performance.
Design and implement innovative, global, and scalable operational processes to increase efficiency and ensure positive stakeholder experiences.
Communicate the impact and results of the team to key partners and act as an advocate for the team within the organization.

Forecasting and Resource Allocation:

Inform team capacity, forecasting, and resource allocation to ensure efficient and effective allocation of resources.
Work closely with cross-functional teams to align on priorities and optimize resource utilization.

Point of Escalation and Issue Resolution:

Be a point of escalation and resolution for leadership on issues related to CSA utilization, CSAT and renewalsinvoicing
Effectively communicate and discuss difficult issues with upper management stakeholders within sales, customer success, and finance.

Continuous Improvement and Efficiency:

Demonstrate a vision and passion for continuous improvement, driving and creating efficiencies within the organization.
Mature the existing team, prioritizing value-added activities and automating repetitive tasks.


What Were Looking For On Your Resume

Proven Track Record of Leading and Building High-Performing Teams
Results-Oriented Experience and a track record of partnering with cross-functional teams to achieve shared goals
Strong Problem-Solving and Decision-Making skills
Continuous Improvement Mindset: Ability to mature a team, prioritize value-added activities, and automate repetitive tasks
Excellent Communication and Relationship-Building skills
Proficient written and verbal English communication skills
Academic Excellence and Professional Experience:

Bachelors degree with proven academic excellence
7-10 years of experience in a professional environment, with relevant experience in finance andor sales-supporting teams
1-2 years of people management experience


Preferred Skills:

Experience working in high-growth organizations, start-ups, or SaaS-based companies
Background includes improving processes and driving efficiencies

What You Should Know About This Team

Global impact with opportunity to rapidly evolve and change the way we work.
Professional Development. We hold monthly career development sessions with each individual on the team to ensure our people have the skills and experiences needed to successfully grow in their career.
Standard of Excellence. Our commitment to excellence is evident in our teamwork, support, and high standards. We are a team that is always striving to be better.
One Team: Our team meetings are designed to foster community and connection (aka we take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves seriously).
Drive Cross-Functional Impact: This team gives high exposure to essential business functions and sharpens a broad spectrum of skills in each member.

Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits

Workspaces: We have quiet spaces to take a call or for deep thinking, and other spaces dedicated to collaboration.
Commuter Benefits: We offer a generous  monthly allowance to be used for transportation and to  help you commute to the office.
Wellness Reimbursement: This can be put toward wellness activities including gym memberships, spa massages, workout equipment, meditation apps, and much more.
Q Mentor Program: Looking to grow in your career? Get matched with a mentor inside Qualtrics to get meaningful coaching from someone outside your team.

