At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
Network Engineer
 
Why We Have This Role
Qualtrics is looking for a Network Engineer as part of our ever-expanding Network Engineering team. We support a network of global Data Centers utilizing the Colo-cloud hybrid model while continuously expanding our cloud infrastructure. This allows us to
use best-of-breed technology to optimize for the best customer experience no matter the location. As the company continues to grow, the team is dealing with ambiguous problems that require creative solutions and out-of-the-box thinking.
 
How Youll Find Success
We are looking for a candidate with a passion for networking engineering, innovation, and automation first mindset. You will be helping with expanding and operationally supporting our cloudon-prem Corporate office network presence using automation first mindset.
 
How Youll Grow
Qualtrics is a fast paced, dynamic environment where you will have the opportunity to build on and expand your experience through working on high impact projects, utilising cutting edge tools and technologies, troubleshooting challenging problems and working alongside like minded and driven technical professionals.
 
Things Youll Do


Responsible for the implementations, and operations of the cloud and on-prem network infrastructure and services
Facilitates major network projects to support capacity growth, upgrades, new productsfeatures, and integration using automation tools
Develop customized monitoring and alerting solutions to get proactive alerts
Practice and advocate for infrastructure engineering best practices like GitOps, Infrastructure As Code (IaaC), etc
Triage, analyze, and perform root cause analysis for network-related issues
Ensures compliance with change control processes and adherence to standards
Create and maintain complex network documentation
Participate in 24x7 on-call rotation and after-hours implementation support

What Were Looking For On Your Resume


Bachelors degree in computer science or a related discipline required
4 years of hands-on experience with Dynamic IP Routing Protocols (BGP, OSPF)
3 years of experience with AWS cloud networking and operations (i.e. VPC Peering, Security Group, Transit Gateways, Load Balancers (F5, NLB-ALB), Internet Gateway, and Direct-Connect Setup)
2 years of experience with scripting  programming (i.e. Ansible, Python, Terraform)
Knowledge of various VPN technologies and data center WANLAN Operations
Maintains in-depth knowledge of standards and best practices in basic networking (Ethernet, TCPIP, HTTP, SMTP, NTP, SNMP, IPSec, NAT, DNS, DHCP, Security RoutingSwitching, and Network Design)
Excellent documentation skills including creating and maintaining network diagrams
Strong troubleshooting skills and the ability to work well independently and across teams
A great teammate, a fast learner, with a focus on getting stuff done

Preferred Requirements

1 years of experience in LinuxUnix administration  
Good understanding of content delivery networks (Akamai EdgeWorkers, Cloudflare Edge Functions, CloudFront FunctionsLambda, etc.) is a PLUS
Working knowledge of PaloAlto Firewall is a PLUS
Project management skills and excellent interpersonal skills, and strong written and verbal communication skills


What You Should Know About This Team
Here at Qualtrics we have a global networking team primarily based across Seattle, Provo and now Krakow. The successful candidate will join this newly created Krakow team where they will have both a local and global impact on building out the networking function in EMEA, continuous improvement and expansion of our cloud infrastructure, while utilising the most cutting edge tools and technologies. This is a great opportunity to be involved in the teams growth journey for the beginning!
 



Our Teams Favourite Perks and Benefits


Annual Leave: 20 or 26 annual leave days per annum plus an additional day for each year of service (to a max of 5).
Private Medical Insurance- Luxmed health  dental cover for you and your dependants.
Commuter Assistance- Up to the value of 80 PLN net a month for public transport.
Savings Plan- Two company saving plans provided by Nationale Nederlanden: Employee Capital Plan (PPK)  Employee Saving Plan (PPO)
QED PROGRAM- Qualtrics Engineer Development (QED) program: support, engineering learning activities up to 10 of engineering work time each quarter.
Wellness- Up to the value of 800PLN gross per quarter can be reimbursed for a variety of wellness activities via our dedicated platform Twic.
A choice of Multispot cards available.
Our employee assistance program with Unum provides counselling and wellbeing support to all employees
Experience bonus- 7000 PLN gross per annum. Qualtrics experience bonus is a program designed to provide experiences to our employees they might not otherwise have.
Group Life  Income Protection Insurance
GlassesContact lenses Reimbursement
Free breakfasts, lunches, snacks, and drinks for everyone in the office
Tax-deductible expenses (up to 75 depending on role)



 

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.


 

