
At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
 
 
Principal Strategy  Operations 
 
Why We Have This Role
The Revenue Strategy  Operations team ensures that our global salesrevenue organization is positioned to achieve their highest potential by optimizing revenue opportunities across the globe.  We do this by leveraging data from many sources, including internal customer purchasing and usage information as well as firmographic, technographic, and intent data from 3rd party sources.  We set high targets for our revenue teams and work to exceed them every quarter.  Part of our success comes from having world-class business processes, systems, and tools. We love data and we love to show results in the form of more Sales success. We have impressive members on this team, and will continue to add more top talent!
Qualtrics is seeking a Principal Partner to support our North America Sales  Success Teams responsible for setting new business and renewal targets, optimizing territories to ensure the greatest opportunity for each individual reps success, and leading other key strategic revenue-enhancing initiatives. 
 
 How Youll Find Success

Love working with data and learning new things
Love helping others find solutions to problem
Excellent problem solving, decision-making and analytical skills
Ability to collaborate with teams across the organization while also being able to work independently and as a self-starter
Proven ability to meet aggressive deadlines

 
How Youll Grow

Leadership Exposure: significant exposure to key leaders in the organization, providing the opportunity to work closely with them as a trusted advisor. Helping you develop strong leadership and communication skills, as well as a deep understanding of the companys strategic vision.
Strategic Thinking: The role involves collaborating with leadership to develop and implement go-to-market strategies. This strategic involvement will allow you to expand your strategic thinking and planning capabilities, which are highly valuable skills for career growth.
GTM Expertise: As the role involves working closely with sales  success leaders and monitoring performance metrics, it provides an ideal environment for someone looking to deepen their understanding of the GTM processes and methodologies.

 
Things Youll Do

Serve as the trusted advisor and thought partner to key leaders.  Collaborating with leadership to identify, develop and implement go-to-market strategies that align with the companys overall business objectives to drive revenue growth. 
Drive best practices in forecasting processes, including coaching leaders, and staying closely connected with overall pipeline movement and large deal activity.  Working to ensure forecast accuracy and overall pipeline health
Monitor and analyze sales  success performance metrics, including pipeline development, opportunity progression, and conversion rates. Work with leaders to identify performance gaps, develop action plans to address them, and track progress against established goals.
Act as the voice of field while partnering with internal teams to remove friction from in the go-to-market process from lead to renewal
Drive annual  quarterly GTM execution efforts across business modeling, quota setting, org structure and territory design
Change leader to educate on effective use of tools and processes - focused on driving adoption of operating rhythms and discipline required to increase efficiency
Drive operating rhythms discipline within teams from front line up to senior leadership
Work closely with other departments to ensure alignment and collaboration. Build relationships with key stakeholders and promote a culture of cross-functional teamwork to drive business success.

 
What Were Looking For On Your CV

5 years of relevant experience in Sales, Sales operations, Finance or Management consulting with focus on the following:
Forecasting, go-to-market (GTM) execution, sales compensation and incentive plan creation, and partnering with high level sales leaders
At least 5 years of experience in the software industry and cloud platform businesses.
Salesforce.com (SFDC) reporting and analytics experience required
Experience with PowerBI or Tableau, or other data visualization tools

 
What You Should Know About This Team

High growth
High visibility
Good recognition
Immediate impact
High ROI
Fast pace
Collaborate 

 
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits

Workspaces: We have quiet spaces to take a call or for deep thinking, and other spaces dedicated to collaboration.
Commuter Benefits: We offer a generous monthly allowance to be used for transportation and to help you commute to the office.
Wellness Reimbursement: This can be put toward wellness activities including gym memberships, spa massages, workout equipment, meditation apps, and much more.
Q Mentor Program: Looking to grow in your career? Get matched with a mentor inside Qualtrics to get meaningful coaching from someone outside your team.

 
Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
LIRK4

 
 
 