At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
 
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
 
Product Marketing, Content Analyst  Producer
Why we have this Role
Qualtrics is seeking an exceptional content analyst  producer to create compelling product content and sales enablement assets across our Customer Experience, People Teams, and Strategy  Research lines of business. These products help companies to create exceptional customer frontlines, high-performing teams, and products people love. All on one platform.
In this capacity, you will play a lead role in the production of compelling content and assets to enable our Field teams  including Sales, Customer Success, Pre-Sales, and Services  and to make them more effective and efficient in their roles. You will report directly to the Lead of our Content Production team based in Mexico City.
 
How Youll Find Success
This role sits at the heart of our new Product Content Studio, and is responsible for copywriting and story-telling across multiple forms of product content. You will work as part of a team within the Studio of copy-writers, graphic designers, video producers, localization analysts, and program managers to produce these assets.
 
You will build a strong understanding of the Qualtrics business and combine this with excellent written communication and story-telling skills in order to produce compelling and differentiated assets that arm our sellers to win and advance opportunities. Youll have a strong attention to detail and a firm grasp of how to prioritize your work based on the biggest impact. Your role requires you to be adept at stakeholder management across the PMM teams who are experts in our buyer as well as other members of the Content Studio.
 
How Youll Grow
You will have the opportunity to play a pivotal role in the success of our Product Marketing Organization (PMM)  a fast-paced and strategic function sitting in the middle of Product, Marketing, and the Field which enables our Go-to-Market teams to be more productive by delivering consistent and focused messaging  content. In this role, you will be a founding member of our new Product Content Studio, which reports into PMM. This role will allow you to build your expertise in Product and Go-to-market strategy, cross-functional collaboration, and operational excellence.
 
Things Youll Do

Content Creation: Write clear, engaging, and persuasive copy for a variety of product assets including pitch decks, one-pagers, email sequences, RFP booklets, and competitive battle cards.
Message Development: Collaborate with the PMM teams who are experts in our buyer to develop product and solutions messaging and ensure that the Qualtrics voice is consistent across all go-to-market channels.
Editing and Proofreading: Review and edit your own work, as well as content created by other team members, to ensure accuracy, consistency, and adherence to grammar and style guidelines.
Content Optimization: Optimize content for SEO, using relevant keywords and best practices to improve search engine rankings and visibility.
Sales Program Support: Assist in the development and execution of sales programs by providing compelling and differentiated copy that aligns with business priorities and product innovation.
Creativity: Generate innovative ideas for new assets and content that will enable our sellers to be more effective and efficient.
Collaborate across a team of copy-writers, graphic designers, video producers, localization analysts, and program managers to produce high-quality content localised to our priority markets and relevant to our top industries

 
What Were Looking For On Your Resume

Proven Experience: A minimum of 8 of experience as a Copywriter, preferably in a B2B marketing or sales enablement setting.
Bachelors degree and or equivalent preferred
Exceptional Writing Skills: Strong command of the English language, with impeccable grammar, spelling, and punctuation. Ability to write persuasively and creatively.
Adaptability: Flexibility to adapt writing style and tone to different audiences and platforms while maintaining brand consistency.
SEO Knowledge: Familiarity with SEO best practices and the ability to incorporate keywords effectively.
Creativity: A creative mindset with the ability to generate original ideas and innovative solutions.
Attention to Detail: Meticulous proofreading and editing skills to ensure error-free content.
Time Management: Strong organizational and time management skills to meet deadlines and manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Team Player: Excellent collaboration and communication skills to work effectively with cross-functional teams.
Portfolio: A portfolio of previous work showcasing a diverse range of writing samples and the ability to adapt to different styles and industries.

 
What You Should Know About This Team

Sits at the center of our efforts to bring experience management and product innovation to the market
Has high visibility and deep collaboration opportunities across all major functions in our PXE (Product, Experience Design, Engineering) and GTM (Go-To-Market - Sales, Services, Pre-Sales, Marketing) organizations
Embraces their role as the voice of the market to product and the voice of product to the market, spending significant time in the Field with customers and sales representatives to understand customer needs
Dedicated to the craft of Product Marketing and producing excellent Go-To-Market strategies and assets to demonstrate our value

 
Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.