At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
Why We Have This Role
At Qualtrics, our Technology Consulting Team is the heartbeat of our organization. We are instrumental in ensuring our clients derive maximum value from our products and services, from the initial onboarding to training, technology setup, and systems integration. As trusted advisors, we comprehend our clients objectives and provide innovative solutions to address their challenges. Our attentive listening fosters innovation within Qualtrics, driving improvements in operations and product enhancements.
As a Technology Consulting Manager within the Delivery team, you will combine your passion for leading teams and engaging customers, with your ability to solve complex technical and business problems.  Working closely with members of the Qualtrics Experience Management (XM) Services leadership team, you will help build our Implementation organization by designing and establishing new processes, tools and policies, and improving team effectiveness to ensure the team scales efficiently as the company continues to grow.  Concurrently, you will be tasked with growing and managing a team of Technology Consultants to ensure our solutions are delivered to world-class standards. If you have 6-10 years of solution delivery experience, have led teams for 4-8 years, managed diverse technical and business stakeholders, excel in communication and problem-solving, and aspire to contribute to a rapidly growing tech company, Qualtrics could be the ideal place for you.
How Youll Find Success

Effective Coaching: Provide coaching and mentorship to guide career development.
Performance Assessment: Accurately evaluate team members performance and provide actionable feedback.
Resource Management: Manage team capacity, forecasting, financial performance, and resource allocation.
Project Portfolio Oversight: Oversee the delivery of diverse projects varying in size and complexity.
Cross-functional Collaboration: Collaborate with leaders across different functions to develop and execute multidisciplinary solutions and improve the customer experience.
Process Enhancement: Design and implement scalable processes to exceed client expectations.
Continuous Improvement: Set up mechanisms for ongoing improvements in tools and ways of working.
Client and Partner Engagement: Build relationships with key clients, partners, and internal counterparts.
Effective Communication: Communicate the teams impact and results to key stakeholders and act as an advocate for the team within Qualtrics.
Product Knowledge: Maintain an expert knowledge of the Qualtrics Experience Management (XM) Platform and other products, contributing to product quality and customer experience improvements.
Sales Support: Experience with participating in sales process, including identifying client requirements, scoping discussions as well as RFP response preparation
Product Development: Collaborate with the Product team to provide real-world client insights that shape the Product roadmap.
Talent Strategy: Develop new strategies and partner with fellow leaders to meet ambitious hiring goals.
Language Fluency:  Fluent in English

How Youll Grow

Leadership Development: Opportunity for leadership development.
Skill Enhancement: Opportunities to enhance skills in solution delivery, team leadership, and stakeholder management.
Career Advancement: Potential for career advancement within a rapidly growing tech company.

Things Youll Do

Team Leadership: Lead a high-performing team to deliver Qualtrics solutions effectively.
Performance Evaluation: Assess team members performance and provide feedback.
Resource Management: Manage team capacity, forecasting, and resource allocation.
Project Portfolio Oversight: Oversee the delivery of diverse projects.
Cross-functional Collaboration: Collaborate with leaders across functions to develop multidisciplinary solutions.
Process Enhancement: Design and implement scalable processes.
Continuous Improvement: Establish mechanisms for ongoing improvements.
Client and Partner Engagement: Build relationships with key clients and partners.
Communication: Communicate the teams impact and results to stakeholders.
Product Knowledge: Maintain an expert knowledge of Qualtrics products.
Sales Support: Assist in the sales process by meeting with senior client executives.
Product Development: Collaborate with the Product team to provide client insights.
Talent Strategy: Develop strategies and partner with leaders to meet hiring goals.

What Were Looking For On Your CV

Management Experience: 4-8 years of team management experience.
Project Delivery: 6-10 years of experience delivering large-scale projects.
Domain Expertise: Deep domain expertise relevant to the teams work.
Stakeholder Management: Track record in managing project stakeholders, deliverables, and risks.
Strategic Thinking: Natural strategic thinker with strategic planning experience.
Conflict Resolution: Experience with conflict resolution and complex escalations.
Education: Bachelors Degree (or International Equivalent) MBA or advanced degree in a technology related field preferred, but not essential

What You Should Know About This Team

Collaborative Environment: We work collaboratively and have a significant impact as a team.
Commitment to Growth: We are committed to career growth and offer opportunities for advancement.
Innovation Focus: We champion innovation and actively contribute to improving operations and products.


Our Teams Favourite Perks and Benefits


Annual Leave: 20 or 26 annual leave days per annum plus an additional day for each year of service (to a max of 5).
Private Medical Insurance- Luxmed health  dental cover for you and your dependants.
Commuter Assistance- Up to the value of 80 PLN net a month for public transport.
Savings Plan- Two company saving plans provided by Nationale Nederlanden: Employee Capital Plan (PPK)  Employee Saving Plan (PPO)
Wellness- Up to the value of 800PLN gross per quarter can be reimbursed for a variety of wellness activities via our dedicated platform Twic.
A choice of Multispot cards available.
Our employee assistance program with Unum provides counselling and wellbeing support to all employees
Experience bonus- 7000 PLN gross per annum. Qualtrics experience bonus is a program designed to provide experiences to our employees they might not otherwise have.
Group Life  Income Protection Insurance
GlassesContact lenses Reimbursement
Free breakfasts, lunches, snacks, and drinks for everyone in the office
Tax-deductible expenses (up to 75 depending on role)



 


Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.

