At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
 
Software Test Engineer
 
Why We Have This Role
 
Our team is a collection of extremely passionate engineers who are riding the cutting edge of cloud computing and web scalability. We organize and sort terabytes of data and develop solutions used by millions of users every day. We design tools that make sophisticated research simple. Our teams are empowered to choose technologies that are best to solve each problem. In our collaborative culture, you find plenty of opportunities to impact our full-stack product, from Web  mobile UI to data visualization  analysis to microservices APIs to data storage  processing.
 
How Youll Find Success
 
As a Software Test Engineer at Qualtrics, you should love testing solutions to solve hard scalability problems. Designing test plans in an agile environment to withstand hyper growth and owning quality from end to end is a rewarding challenge and one of the reasons Qualtrics is such an exciting place to work. Highly communicative and influences effectively, creating trust at the team level.
 
How Youll Grow
 
Qualtrics is a fast paced, dynamic environment where you will have the opportunity to build on and expand your experience through working on high impact projects, utilising cutting edge tools and technologies, troubleshooting challenging problems and working alongside like minded and driven technical professionals.
 
Things Youll Do

Design test plans and test cases for mobile and web applications
Find, triage, and document bugs worth fixing
Conduct ad-hoc and scripted manual tests
Convert manual test cases into automated cases in an existing framework using Python or JavaScript
Investigate test failures and customer reports using your technical understanding of the product and tools (such as logs) to narrow down repro issues steps and isolate the root problem
Contribute to test frameworks, test tools, and automation for complex, distributed SaaS systems
You ensure the product is tested at the appropriate level (unit vs integration vs end to end, API vs UI), reducing unnecessary test cases, intermittent failures, and decreasing execution time.
Drive quality processes like bug triage, release decisions, and feature completion criteria
You mentor and develop your other team members.

 
What Were Looking For On Your Resume
 

Bachelors degree in a technical field such as IT, Engineering, Math, Physics or similar with Computer Science coursework or minor. Computer science degree accepted but not required.
0-2 years of professional coding experience with any programming language (Prefer experience in PythonJavaScript)
0-2 years of relevant experience as part of a test team
0-2 years of experience contributing to test automation and frameworks
Familiar with front-end technologies (including Selenium-based automation), REST web services andor constructing database queries
An excellent Ad-hoc tester
Experience applying different software testing techniques, such as equivalence class partitioning, boundary value testing, pairwise testing, etc

 
What You Should Know About This Team
 

The Qualtrics XM PlatformTM is a system of action that helps businesses to attract customers who stay longer and buy more, to engage and empower employees to do the best work of their lives, to develop breakthrough products people love, and to build a brand people cant imagine living without.  
Joining Qualtrics means becoming part of a team bold enough to chase breakthrough experiences - like building a technology that will be a force for good. A team committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion because of a conviction that every voice holds value, with a vision for representation that matches the world around us and inclusion that far exceeds it. You could belong to a team whose values center on transparency, being all in, having customer obsession, acting as one team, and operating with scrappiness. All so you can do the best work of your career.  

 
Our Teams Favourite Perks and Benefits
 

Annual Leave: 20 or 26 annual leave days per annum plus an additional day for each year of service (to a max of 5).
Private Medical Insurance- Luxmed health  dental cover for you and your dependants.
Commuter Assistance- Up to the value of 80 PLN net a month for public transport.
Savings Plan- Two company saving plans provided by Nationale Nederlanden: Employee Capital Plan (PPK)  Employee Saving Plan (PPO)
QED PROGRAM- Qualtrics Engineer Development (QED) program: support, engineering learning activities up to 10 of engineering work time each quarter.
Wellness- Up to the value of 800PLN gross per quarter can be reimbursed for a variety of wellness activities via our dedicated platform Twic.
A choice of Multisport cards available.
Our employee assistance program with Unum provides counselling and wellbeing support to all employees
Experience bonus- 7000 PLN gross per annum. Qualtrics experience bonus is a program designed to provide experiences to our employees they might not otherwise have.
Group Life  Income Protection Insurance
GlassesContact lenses Reimbursement
Free breakfasts, lunches, snacks, and drinks for everyone in the office
Tax-deductible expenses (up to 75 depending on role)

 
Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic.Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.