At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
Why We Have This Role
This role plays a pivotal part in Qualtrics success by leading the design and delivery of impactful customer experience programs. As a key member of the Customer Experience (CX) Professional Services team, this position contributes to the initial onboarding experience, builds lasting client relationships, and shapes the partnerships direction. This role has a profound impact on customer success, operational improvements, and product enhancements, ultimately driving Qualtrics reputation as a trusted advisor and solution provider.
How Youll Find Success
Leading Project Teams - They will have experience leading virtual project teams to deliver complex, large-scale customer feedback programs within global organizations.
Design Forward-Thinking Programs - As part of the Sales process, while also working with an advisory expert, this role will influence our customers to help them shape their customer feedback programs. They will be working with organizations that are both mature and immature in the customer experience space and will be able to recognize and adapt their advice accordingly. They will understand the significant industry shifts taking place in customer listening programs, and be able to design forward-thinking, innovative yet practical programs for customers.
Influence and Delight Customers - This person will have exceptional customer and project management skills and be able to build strong working relationships with clients at some of the largest organizations across the globe. Theyll also need to easily learn new technology!
 
How Youll Grow
Professional Development: Opportunity to refine and expand leadership, consulting, and customer management skills.
Industry Insights: Exposure to cutting-edge customer experience trends and their implementation in various industries.
Cross-functional Collaboration: Collaborate with internal teams, clients, and stakeholders to deliver exceptional outcomes.
 
Things Youll Do
Strategic Project Management: Partner with customers and Qualtrics team members to align project goals and objectives.
Solution Advocacy: Communicate how the Qualtrics platform addresses customer challenges and enhances their programs.
Customer Relationship: Build and maintain strong relationships with senior customer stakeholders, acting as their advisor.
Team Leadership: Lead project teams to deliver on project goals, ensuring timely execution and quality.
Risk Management: Plan, monitor, mitigate, and report project risks during delivery.
Quality Assurance: Develop quality management plans, ensuring alignment with business requirements.
Product Enhancement: Contribute customer insights to shape the Qualtrics product roadmap.
Sales Support: Discuss Qualtrics service offerings during sales presentations and contribute to proposals.
Workshop Delivery: Deliver workshops to guide customers in successful CX programs and service offerings.
 
What Were Looking For On Your Resume
10 years experience: Designing and delivering best practice software implementations in complex environments.
Consulting Experience: A blend of consulting experience, as well as internal-customer experience, is ideal, although candidates from either side will be considered
Strong Program Management: Proven ability to plan and execute projects on time, on budget, with quality.
Complex Organization Expertise: Experience working with large and complex organizations, delivering successful outcomes.
Customer Engagement: Ability to lead delivery workshops, understanding and meeting customer needs.
Willingness to Travel: Able to travel up to 25 to engage with clients and teams.

What You Should Know About This Team
Heart of Qualtrics: The Delivery Team is essential to Qualtrics success, establishing client relationships and delivering solutions.
Client-Focused: This team is dedicated to understanding client goals, advocating for them, and driving operational improvements.
Cross-functional Collaboration: Collaboration across internal teams drives customer success and influences product enhancements.
Global Impact: This role engages with some of the worlds largest organizations, shaping their customer experience programs.
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits

Work-life integration is deeply important to us - we have frequent office events, team outings, and happy hours
Qualtrics Experience Program - 1,800 USD for an experience of your choosing (eligible after a year)
Wellness reimbursement - up to the value of MXN 6,250 per quarter can be reimbursed for a variety of wellness activities
Allowances for meals, transportation, groceries, and more
We take pride in our office design aiming at fostering creativity

 
 

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
 