At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
 
 
Renewals Specialist
 
 
 
Why We Have This Role
 
The mission of the Customer Operations organization is to help our customers, both internal and external, deliver extraordinary business results.Our team is responsible for renewing and billing our current customer base, activities that directly drive cash flow for the business. The Renewal Specialist does this by contacting customers to discuss their renewal needs, negotiating renewal terms and conditions, preparing renewal quotes and contracts, working with the Sales and Customer Success teams to identify and close renewal opportunities, and developing strategies to improve renewal rates.
 
 
How Youll Find Success
 

Youll know youre doing a great job in this role when:

You provide a great customer experience to help ensure that each client is invoiced on time, driving cash flow for the business
You attain a high bill rate and help the rest of the Renewals Management maintain our high standard of excellence
You work closely with Sales to successfully strategize through sometimes difficult client situations and negotiations to help the company hit its renewal rate targets
You prioritize the highest value add activities to hit your personal and team quarterly billings targets

We are looking for candidates to help us not only get things done in the current process, but also to improve processes to make our entire company continuously more efficient. In fact, you will have the opportunity to become a subject matter expert in a key process and work to improve it.

 
 
How Youll Grow


Commercial Skills: As a Renewals Specialist, you will develop a commercial skill-set that includes processing high value renewals, sending quotes, analyzing data, and negotiating with customers.
Cross-Functional Collaboration: Working closely with other departments, you will develop valuable cross-functional skills, gain a holistic understanding of the business, and learn from experts in various areas, paving the way for career growth.
Developing a Bias for Action: Youll learn how to prioritize the needs of your stakeholders and take prompt, proactive steps to drive success and satisfaction


 
Things Youll Do


Retain and expand client subscriptions, the lifeblood of the SaaS business model.
Drive the renewal process forward in partnership with our internal customer facing teams including Sales and Customer Success.
Engage in projects to improve our internal processes and ensure a successful and seamless end-to-end renewal experience for our customers.
Create a great customer experience by providing timely and thoughtful communications in every client interaction.
Work collaboratively with key stakeholders across Qualtrics to drive positive business outcomes for the business.


 
What Were Looking For On Your Resume


Bachelors degree
Strong prioritization skills with the ability to be proactive
Proficient written and verbal English communication
Desire to improve processes and work through ambiguity
Interest in the technology industry
Experience in SaaS, strategy, consulting, customer service, operations, technology, sales, customer success, or an equivalent field would be beneficial


 
What You Should Know About This Team


We have each others backs. We win together.
Our team meetings are designed to foster community and connection.
This team gives high exposure to essential business functions and sharpens a broad spectrum of skills in each member.


 
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits


Workspaces: We have quiet spaces to take a call or for deep thinking, and other spaces dedicated to collaboration.
Commuter Benefits: We offer a generous monthly allowance to be used for transportation and to help you commute to the office.
Wellness Reimbursement: This can be put toward wellness activities including gym memberships, spa massages, workout equipment, meditation apps, and much more.
Q Mentor Program: Looking to grow in your career? Get matched with a mentor inside Qualtrics to get meaningful coaching from someone outside your team.


 