
At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.

 
Business Application System Administrator
 
Why We Have This Role
The Business Applications Administrator is responsible for maintaining the usability, stability, and security of Qualtrics corporate SaaS applications. System Admins govern system utilization, provide technical support to end-users, and implement system changes or upgrades in order to drive efficiency  effectiveness of the systems. This role is part of an expansion of the global BizApps team into Mexico City and will work closely with the Mexico Team Lead as well as the US based team and manager.
 
How Youll Find Success


Being an effective critical thinker, problem solver, and troubleshooter.
Collaborating effectively with teams across different functions.
Demonstrating self-motivation and initiative.
Embracing continuous challenges and adapting to new technologies.
Excelling at multitasking and managing multiple responsibilities.
Contributing to strategic initiatives and system roadmaps.
Owning and improving internal team processes.
Thriving in ambiguity to dynamically adapt to business needs.
Documenting procedures, policies, and systems.


 
How Youll Grow


Taking on increasing responsibilities as part of a rapidly growing team.
Developing a career in business systems and gaining valuable experience and technical expertise for multiple platforms.
Enhancing system administration, troubleshooting, and configuration skills.
Gain skills in collaborating across teams and departments to drive impact.


 
Things Youll Do


Acting as the technical owner for multiple corporate-wide platforms such as Slack, JIRA, Coda, Highspot, etc.
Performing system administration tasks such as provisioning, troubleshooting, configuration, and providing end-user support.
Establishing system roadmaps and strategic initiatives.
Documenting procedures, policies, and enablement materials.
Collaborating with business stakeholders to understand business needs and resolve issues.
Establishing and maintaining governance best practices to minimize costs while maximizing returns.


 
What Were Looking For On Your


Enjoy learning  growing amidst ever-changing technology
Skilled in troubleshooting within technical systems
Bachelors Degree
6-12 months of relevant systems administrationhelp-desk work experience (preferred)
Fluent in English


 
What You Should Know About This Team


Corporate-wide impact: The system ownership and management extends across multiple departments, and any changes made and implemented have a significant impact and high visibility throughout the entire company.
Consistent learning: The system knowledge is vast, and team members are encouraged to expand their scope as they progress in seniority. There are always opportunities for growth and learning.
Collaboration: Implementing best practices for systems requires working collaboratively across departments such as Engineering, Security, Procurement, and Go-To-Market. Its a collective effort to ensure we have top-notch systems and deliver exceptional support for them.


 
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits

 

Experience Bonus program offering unique experiences on the 1-year anniversary with the company.
Global Wellness Reimbursement program to support employee wellness.
Global Mental Health Benefit through Ginger, providing 247 mental health support for employees and their dependents.
Savings Fund program for automatic monthly contributions and employer match.


 

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.

 