At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. 
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing. 
 
Principal Instructional Designer
 
Why We Have This Role
As part of Customer Experience  Operations at Qualtrics, the GTM  Services XM Enablement team builds and delivers enablement for internal individuals and members of our Qualtrics Partner Network to support the development of role-specific skills.
The team works with thought leaders and experts at Qualtrics to create meaningful and effective onboarding programs and ongoing skill mastery over time. The team thinks digitally and globally, delivering training offerings that are available anytime, anywhere. The programs and services owned by this team have a significant impact on our customers success and Qualtrics bottom-line growth.
 
How Youll Find Success 

A passion for Adult eLearning and creating effective and engaging learning strategies.
Exemplary interpersonal and stakeholder management skills that enable you to form strong relationships and develop buy-in from cross-functional, global leaders.
Excellent written and verbal skills, with a specific focus on being able to translate complicated concepts into easy-to-understand formats.
Strong project management skills, including the ability to manage multiple, dependent workstream and deliver new courses on schedule and to a high quality.
Fast learner with technical aptitude that enables you to gain expertise across various Qualtrics products, roles and instructional design tools.

 
How Youll Grow

Learn about Experience Management (XM) as a category, including technical knowledge of the Qualtrics XM Platform.
Learn about various sales and services functions across technology companies which lead to successful customer renewals and expansions.
Expand your Instructional Design expertise, including scoping of new courses, writing effective digital training, defining capstone projects, and measuring learning effectiveness.

 
Things Youll Do 
As a Principal Instructional Designer, you will be responsible for defining, developing and launching digital enablement strategies on everything from skills development to delivery  implementation best practices to how to drive customer renewals  expansions. Specifically, you will:

Both own and mentor junior Instructional Designers on the development and launch of engaging and effective digital courses.
Own the Intake and Needs Assessment Process for new digital Learning Journeys, including writing outlines and Learning Objectives.
Interview internal Subject Matter Experts and ensure content and assessments address key content areas.
Manage projects including timelines, development costs, content and assessment development, audio and video recordingediting, and digitizing media.
Create compelling and interactive learning activities and knowledge checks that enhance retention.
Publicize newly released training content via internal and external marketing channels.
Define ongoing assessment strategy, formulate appropriate questions, and execute continual evaluation of learners.

 
What Were Looking For On Your CV
 
Minimum Qualifications

5 years of experience in content development and technical writing or online instructional design
Stakeholder management skills, specifically working with global, cross-functional leaders
Outstanding organization and prioritization skills
Strong attention to detail to produce high-quality and polished content
Knowledge of curriculum development and adult learning methodologies, including Blooms Taxonomy and Kilpatricks Model
Ability to work independently in highly ambiguous, shifting environments

 
Preferred Qualifications

Preferred experience in the field(s) of Market Research, Customer Experience, Employee Experience, andor Patient Experience
Preferred experience in writing, creating, and evaluating assessments and certification exams
Experience in video editing a plus
 

What You Should Know About This Team 

Our team has a very broad purview - we are responsible for working across regions to develop global content for all Qualtrics offerings across all Sales  Services roles. Theres always something new to learn!
As part of the Customer Experience  Operations team, we have a direct influence on key company metrics, including revenue, expansions and renewals. 
We have a strong focus on professional development and work to make sure everyone on the team is working on high impact, projects of interest that also push them to learn and grow personally.
We work hard but also have a lot of fun doing it. We believe the best work comes from a collaborative and trusting team culture.

 
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits 

Work-life integration is deeply important to us - we have frequent office events, team outings, and happy hours
Workspaces: We have quiet spaces to take a call or for deep thinking, and other spaces dedicated to collaboration.
Commuter Benefits: We offer a generous monthly allowance to be used for transportation and to help you commute to the office.
Wellness Reimbursement: This can be put toward wellness activities including gym memberships, spa massages, workout equipment, meditation apps, and much more.
Q Mentor Program: Looking to grow in your career? Get matched with a mentor inside Qualtrics to get meaningful coaching from someone outside your team.

 
Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic.

Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection Act
 
Qualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
 
 