At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
 
Software Engineer II  - XM Discover
                     
Why We Have This Role
Our team is a collection of extremely passionate engineers who are riding the cutting edge of cloud computing and web scalability. We organize and sort terabytes of data and develop solutions used by millions of users every day. We design tools that make sophisticated research simple. Our teams are empowered to choose technologies that are best to solve each problem. In our collaborative culture, you find plenty of opportunities to impact our full-stack product; from Web  mobile UI to data visualization  analysis to microservices APIs to data storage  processing.
 
How Youll Find Success
As a Software Engineer at Qualtrics, you should love building simple solutions to solve hard scalability problems. Designing systems in an agile environment to withstand hyper growth and owning quality from end to end is a rewarding challenge and one of the reasons Qualtrics is such an exciting place to work.
 
Things Youll Do

Develop scalable, fast, robust, and simple web-based solutions to solve complex business problems
Implement new features and optimize existing ones to drive maximum performance
Work closely with, and incorporate feedback from other engineers, tech-ops, and product managers
Attend daily stand-up meetings, collaborate with your peers, prioritize features, and work with a sense of urgency to deliver value to your customers

 
What Were Looking For On Your Resume

2 years of relevant experience
Experience with backend software development (microservices, event driven architectures).
Familiarity with different database technologies, both SQL and NoSQL options. E.g DynamoDB, Elasticsearch, MongoDB.
Strong level of curiosity and interest to learn
Strong algorithms, data structures and coding background
Disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance
Experience with Microservices Architecture and distributed systems
Experience with professional software engineering practices (e.g. unit testing, code reviews, design documents)
Bachelors degree in Computer Science

 
What You Should Know About This Team
XM Discover provides a deep understanding of customers and employees by evaluating the actual words they use. The industrys leading AI-powered speech and text analytics engine analyzes all feedback and conversations at scale to reveal topics, perception of effort, emotion, empathy, sentiment, reasons for actions, intent and more. Insights from XM Discover are used to build a more holistic experience management (XM) strategy and stronger relationships with employees and customers as a result.
 
Our Teams Favourite Perks and Benefits


Annual Leave: 20 or 26 annual leave days per annum plus an additional day for each year of service (to a max of 5).
Private Medical Insurance- Luxmed health  dental cover for you and your dependants.
Commuter Assistance- Up to the value of 80 PLN net a month for public transport.
Savings Plan- Two company saving plans provided by Nationale Nederlanden: Employee Capital Plan (PPK)  Employee Saving Plan (PPO)
QED PROGRAM- Qualtrics Engineer Development (QED) program: support, engineering learning activities up to 10 of engineering work time each quarter.
Wellness- Up to the value of 800PLN gross per quarter can be reimbursed for a variety of wellness activities via our dedicated platform Twic.
A choice of Multispot cards available.
Our employee assistance program with Unum provides counselling and wellbeing support to all employees
Experience bonus- 7000 PLN gross per annum. Qualtrics experience bonus is a program designed to provide experiences to our employees they might not otherwise have.
Group Life  Income Protection Insurance
GlassesContact lenses Reimbursement
Free breakfasts, lunches, snacks, and drinks for everyone in the office
Tax-deductible expenses (up to 75 depending on role)


 
 