Why We Have This Role
We are looking for an Enterprise Account Executive that will lead all sales efforts within hisher assigned territory, including prospect identification, lead generation, sales calls, managing the sales cycle, proposal, business case and contract negotiation through to deal closure. The Enterprise Account Executive is expected to meet sales goals established by their Sales Director while delivering the highest standard of integrity, quality, and customer service to our clients. The role can be based in Melbourne or Sydney. 
How Youll Find Success


Experience selling SaaS solutions to market research, marketing and human resource departments within Fortune 1000 companies.
Acquiring clients, negotiating, and selling the Qualtrics Research Software platform to marketing and research executives of mid sized  large enterprise organisations.


How Youll Grow


Enhance your sales and problem-solving skills.
Learn how to manage challenges and identifying solutions.


Things Youll Do

The Enterprise Account Executive (CX) is expected to lead all sales efforts within hisher assigned territory, including prospect identification, lead generation, sales calls, managing the sales cycle, proposal, business case and contract negotiation through to deal closure.
The Enterprise Account Executive is expected to meet sales goals established by their Sales Director while delivering the highest standard of integrity, quality, and customer service to our clients.

Generate new leads through networking and prospecting, including cold calling, as well as using marketing and PR activities of the company;
Establish, manage, and maintain relationships between Qualtrics and senior executives of the client and prospect companies;
Make sales presentations to customer and prospects at all levels and in a variety of departments (such as Customer Experience, HR and Marketing) of the Fortune 1,000 companies and other accounts within a prescribed territory. Address product uses, benefits, competitive advantages, business terms and facilitate optimal technical follow-up to close the sale;
Target account selling (prospectinglead generation, qualification and scoping, closing strategies, negotiations, etc.);
Interface and develop professional relationships with existing clients and prospects throughout the organisational levels;
In collaboration with Qualtrics marketing team, develop and execute demand generation campaigns;
Coordinate and actively participate in contract negotiations;
Act as representative of Qualtrics at industry conferences and association meetings;
Partner with Marketing on leads from trade shows and campaigns;
Sales process management;
Develop and maintain in-depth knowledge of Qualtrics solution offerings with particular focus to the measurable business outcomes our customers achieve;
Maintain a real-time understanding of the competitive landscape to assist in determining win-based proposals and pricing;
Meet or exceed quota expectations;
Participate in sales planning status meetings.


What Were Looking For On Your Resume


At least 5 years of recent experience selling complex SaaS application software solutions into enterprise, ideally in the customer experience space.
A proven track record of closing enterprise deals to a business buyer.
Achievement against quota. In a quota carrying role with demonstrated overachievement in recent years.
Experienced in building pipeline into existing and whitespace customers. 
Drive account strategy, build a POV and pull together extended team of CSMs, SEs, Partners  Services. 
Stability and reputation. Good tenure at companies they have worked for 2.5 years (growth within company)  (identified as a performance indicator for success). 
Disciplined and structured - How do they manage their business? What process or systems do they have in place? e.g. Knows MEDDIC (Metrics, Economic Buyer, Decision Criteria, Decision Process, Identify Pain, and, Champion).
Ideally has a current network of relationships with executives in their given industry.
Possess growth mindset, grittiness and positive attitude - (identified as a performance indicator for success).
Humble, team player, coachable.
Experience in working with ecosystem around enterprise customers.
Great presentation and communication skills.
Experience using Salesforce.com and Mac proficiency a plus.


What You Should Know About This Team

Our team is a group of highly driven individuals that are intelligent, organised, and dedicated. We work together as a team to accomplish and surpass quarterly and annual objectives. We are a goal-oriented team that works hard and enjoys the incredible trajectory that Qualtrics provides. Our overarching objective is to drive company revenue growth through client success.

Our Teams Favourite Perks and Benefits


A comprehensive total package and generous benefits. Clear expectations for performance and progression pathways.
We offer top-of-the-range private health insurance, annual experience bonus (2800), wellness stipend each quarter to allow you to focus on yourself.. did we mention the catered lunches (in office) 5 days a week?

LI-Hybrid
