At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. 
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 4,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing. 
Why we have this role
Reporting and analytics play a critical role in helping our customers make the best decisions to improve peoples experiences. Were looking for a UX manager to lead and support across our Analytic Experiences product area, which includes all of our dashboards, reporting, data visualization, and data services teams. You will be steering a team thats at the heart of the Qualtrics platform, transforming raw data into insightful, actionable, and accessible experiences for our users. Your vision will not only shape how our customers interact with their data but also influence the strategic direction of the Qualtrics experience.
How youll find success
Your path to success is rooted in your leadership and vision that brings purpose to the work the UX team does in this space. You will provide oversight and strategic direction, and be responsible for fostering a collaborative and innovative design culture that empowers your team to deliver seamless, user-centric solutions. Were looking for a leader who brings a passion for making data inclusive, insightful, actionable, and ultimately valuable to the businesses we support. If youre excited by the idea of guiding a team to transform complex data into compelling design stories, this is your role!
How youll grow
As the UX manager for our Analytic Experiences team, youll be joining a group of forward-thinking designers, researchers, product managers, and engineers who are at the forefront of data-driven design. Youll grow by:

Leading a team that is pushing the boundaries of whats possible in data visualization and analytics
Collaborating with cross-disciplinary teams that include some of the brightest minds in experience management, technology, product management, and engineering
Being part of a culture that values innovation and encourages continuous learning and professional development
Navigating the challenges of translating complex data into simple, elegant, and usable interfaces that make an impact on the way businesses operate and make decisions
Having the opportunity to influence product strategy, shape the user experience of our platform, and drive the vision forward through UX excellence

Things youll do

Lead and manage a team of amazing UX professionals, providing direction and support in their day-to-day work
Collaborate with Product Management and Engineering leaders to align UX strategies with business goals and technical capabilities
Drive the design vision and strategy for Analytic Experiences, ensuring a cohesive user experience across the platform
Foster an environment of continuous learning and improvement, staying ahead of the latest trends in data visualization and UX best practices
Review ongoing projects, provide feedback and direction, and ensure design deliverables meet high standards and business requirements
Conduct 1:1s with team members to mentor and guide their professional development
Act as a point of escalation for user experience issues and advocate for best UX practices across the organization

What were looking for on your resume

5 years of experience as a UX manager
Experience working in data, analytics, reporting, and B2B SaaS
An online portfolio of relevant work samples
Demonstrated ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams, including close collaboration with PM, ENG, and UX counterparts
Proven experience in leading UX projects with minimal direction, translating user needs and business objectives into impactful user experiences
Experience working with a design system
Experience working with Figma

What you should know about this team
Youll be joining the UX team which is composed of UX designersproduct designers, content designers, and UX researchers, and part of the overall Product, UX, and Engineering org at Qualtrics. We have individuals working across the United States, predominantly in Seattle, Provo, and Reston, with an EU team working across Dublin and Krakow.
Our team highly values inclusivity and acceptance, and we work hard to make room for and celebrate the unique ways that individuals contribute to and enrich us all. We are looking forward to getting to know you and learning more about the unique value you might bring to our team!
Our teams favorite perks and benefits

1800 Experience bonus to be used for an Experience of your choosing
QMentorship Program matches you with a mentor inside Qualtrics to get meaningful coaching from someone outside your team.
Amazing QGroup Communities; MOSAIQ, Green Team, Qualtrics Pride, QAble, Qualtrics Salute, and Womens Leadership Development, which exist as places for support, allyship, and advocacy.

 
Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
 For full-time positions, this pay range is for base per year; however, base pay offered may vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, education, skills, and experience. For part-time or intern positions, this pay range is for base pay per hour. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be included in an employment offer, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and other benefits, based on eligibility criteria.Washington State Pay Transparency Range168,500—300,000 USD