The Challenge
The XM Success organisation is at the heart of our business. Our team members are focused on building and maturing our customers Experience Management programs to drive measurable business impact and meaningful improvements to the human experience. 
Our mission is to tangibly transform our customers organisations, leading to increased retention, growth and maturity, and ultimately building our customers into lifelong Qualtrics champions. We do this through a deep understanding of our customers and their industries, utilising our internal digital tools and by optimising our technology to address their individual challenges utilising the Qualtrics platform. We touch every phase of the customer lifecycle and work internally to innovate and drive action for our customers.
The Expectation for Success
You will know you are doing an excellent job when your customers deepen and broaden their usage of the platform, resulting in renewals and expansion. You have excellent organisational skills to juggle multiple priorities and are an excellent communicator who empathises with the audience. You are resourceful when facing challenges, and refuse to give up until our customers succeed. 
With our company-wide move to a Customer Unit model, you will gain strong competency in the platform, working directly with customers to build product adoption, grow their Qualtrics usage and mature their XM programmes. 
Primary Responsibilities

As a XM Success Portfolio rep, you will be tasked with:

Assume Net ARR revenue responsibility for your portfolio of clients. You will understand their businesses to achieve financial performance targets i.e. Renewal Rate, expansion and Net ARR
Define and execute your strategy for maturing and expanding customer accounts by establishing and managing relationships with senior executives at some of the worlds largest enterprises
Leverage internal systems (i.e. SFDC, CPQ, Hiver) to efficiently engage with and deliver on customer requests and requirements at scale through 1:1 and 1:many engagements
Focus your primary efforts on a dedicated product line to drive leading indicators of customer success including customer platform adoption, MAU and XMos growth, value realisation and ACV retention  growth
See a problem, solve a problem. Work with cross-functional counterparts in Sales, Customer Operations, Product Management, Ecosystem, Engineering and Professional Services to evolve, scale and improve our customers Qualtrics experience
Develop technical competence in your specific product line
Help to build, define, and architect the experience management category, and champion it to the world as one of the fastest growing segments in the experience economy
Continue building Qualtrics unique culture by living the TACOS values


Minimum Requirements

Bachelors degree with a concentration in science, technology, engineering, commerce, business or a related field. 
4 years experience in a combination of consulting, strategy, operations, product management or an equivalent field. Prior experience in management consulting or an advisory role in a related industry is preferred.
High aptitude for and interest in learning the Qualtrics platform as well as internal digital systems to efficiently engage with customers at scale
Proven ability to successfully build scalable business operations, track, prioritise, and drive multiple concurrent projects from beginning to end. This position is expected to utilise data and metrics to communicate strategy to internal stakeholders and external clients.
Entrepreneurial spirit with a high tolerance for ambiguity and complexity. Ability to be efficient with limited resources, to understand business needs and to communicate and present to Senior Management effectively.
Ability to consider implications beyond individual customers, thinking holistically about the industry and Qualtrics partnership with the customer business, and anticipating needs for increasing product performance and utility for customers.
The Portfolio organisation in EMEA is still being shaped as part of the wider Services Transformation and therefore will continue to evolve. We are looking for someone flexible, with a growth mindset to help shape this direction.
