At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
Why We Have This Role
The Solution Architect engages early in the sales cycle, when we are working closely with a customer to collaboratively define a vision for their experience transformation. They work alongside the Sales Executive to then develop the value proposition for the transformation program, building a compelling execution path that is achievable, appropriate to their desired business outcomes and profitable for Qualtrics. The Solution Architect then brings the execution plan to the customer, building their understanding, trust and confidence in how we will make them successful.
The role requires a passion for customer engagement and success, requirements gathering  analysis, transformation program design and execution, competitive scenarios, service delivery margin controls, C-level presentation and selling. The ability to win the hearts and minds of our customers while explaining complex program delivery and abstract technical concepts in a simple manner as they relate to business value is a must.
This role requires a high degree of cross-functional collaboration with Sales  Go-To-Market teams, Product  Engineering, Partners and customers. The Solution Architect is at the nexus of information flow between our customers and our platform development  service delivery teams.
How Youll Find Success

Develop strong relationships with Sales and other Go-To-Market teams to ensure that we are using services and execution to help us win deal opportunities
Lead Program Discovery  Scoping sessions, where you will build a shared understanding with the customer of their desired business outcomes alongside the capabilities of the Qualtrics products and solutions.
Design full, end-to-end transformation programs for the customer, using our world-class service offerings, positioned throughout the full lifecycle of the customer with Qualtrics and delivered by our internal and partner service providers. You will validate the program design and related technical solutions with the customer. You will ensure that the program delivery can be achieved profitably for all providers.
Assist in the development of value propositions for opportunities, expanding on the benefits of the execution approaches you are targeting for the customer. You will articulate the business value of your recommended program delivery approach in a compelling way.
Operate regularly in ambiguous situations and view those as opportunities. As the solution is defined, you construct a system that is profitably replicable and then move on to the next situation.
Be technically knowledgeable and able to interact with security and IT teams when needed as part of technical solution shopping  design.
Be commercially aware and able to operate within a competitive sales cycle, balancing optimum pricing alongside ensuring margin attainment.
Be a self-starter who takes ownership of opportunities, works independently, manages multiple simultaneous projects, and deals well with ambiguity and last-minute changes.
Have the ability and passion necessary to maintain technical excellence with emerging technologies, including competitive technologies, while continuing to manage customer opportunities.

How Youll Grow

You will work with amazing customer brands across a diverse range of industries on a daily basis, developing a deep understanding of their current business and future plans
You will develop and practice complex transformation program design as well as advanced selling and presentation skills, working alongside our Sales and Delivery teams
You will be joining a fast-growing, highly-motivated team with a targeted area of focus that has a considerable impact on the business and many opportunities to evolve.
Be presented with avenues to pursue continuous learning and acquisition of new skills in technology, management, and personal growth.
Be constantly exposed to the latest thought leadership in the XM industry.

Things Youll Do

Work closely with Sales on opportunity qualification, discovery, value building, commercials and customer presentations, with specific focus on experience transformation program design and plans.
Build shared understanding with the customer, capturing their desired business outcomes and guiding them on the optimal program delivery or technical solution approach.
Work collaboratively with Partner and internal services delivery teams to understand new offerings, solutions, tools and techniques, as well as strategically guide the evolution and improvement of the same to benefit our customers and margins.
Design and document custom solutions for individual customers needs by adapting the platform capabilities to the needs of Qualtrics enterprise-level customers.
Develop program design and delivery approaches and present these in a compelling way, in terms of strategy, content and visuals 
Collaborate with a small team to define, refine, and iterate over internal processes and service offerings to provide the best possible customer experience.
Assist in driving sales pipeline while ensuring achievement of Professional Services billing targets.
Establish strong relationships with the customers key technical and business decision makers.

What Were Looking For On Your Resume

6-10 years of experience in a professional services or equivalent role within a SaaS organization.
Previous experience scoping and designing solutions for enterprise level organizations.
Detailed understanding of services offering within the SaaS space. Knowledge of implementation timelines, pricing and RFP process.
Ability to write and speak English at a professional level. 

What You Should Know About This Team

We are part of one of the most dynamic growth areas in the company.
Strong project management and organizational skills are truly essential for success.
We are a fun team  trivia masters, gardeners, artists, world travelers, brewers, readers, pet owners, mushroom farmers, kayakers, pizza makers, painters, golfers, LEGO creators, woodworking enthusiasts, campers, and much more!

Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits

Work-life integration and fun is deeply important to us! We have frequent office events, team outings, and happy hours
Annual Leave: 20 or 26 annual leave days per annum plus an additional day for each year of service (to a max of 5).
Private Medical Insurance- Luxmed health  dental cover for you and your dependants.
Commuter Assistance- Up to the value of 80 PLN net a month for public transport.
Savings Plan- Two company saving plans provided by Nationale Nederlanden: Employee Capital Plan (PPK)  Employee Saving Plan (PPO)
Wellness- Up to the value of 800PLN gross per quarter can be reimbursed for a variety of wellness activities via our dedicated platform Twic.
A choice of Multispot cards available.
Our employee assistance program with Unum provides counselling and wellbeing support to all employees
Experience bonus- 7000 PLN gross per annum. Qualtrics experience bonus is a program designed to provide experiences to our employees they might not otherwise have.
Group Life  Income Protection Insurance
GlassesContact lenses Reimbursement
Free breakfasts, lunches, snacks, and drinks for everyone in the office
Tax-deductible expenses (up to 75 depending on role)

To learn more about what we value read about it directly from our employees Qualtrics Life stories
Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.