Why We Have This Role
The key goal of this role is to drive our Brand Experience business forward, continuing double-digit growth to one of our newest experience lines in Singapore. This role is a senior subject matter expert with extensive research experience. Do note that this is an individual contributor role, which means you will be motivated enough to roll up your sleeves and contribute to the assigned projects.
How Youll Find Success


Bachelors degree or higher in business, psychology, mathematics, or the sciences
8 years experience within the custom Market Research industry
Lead and successfully deliver bespoke research solutions to clients throughout the entire project lifecycle (methodology, design  analysis)
Practical experience with a wide array of product, brand, and advertising research methodologies
Knowledge with Qualtrics XM platform (a plus point)
Experience with research projects conducted within Asia
Technical aptitude and proficiency in tools like SPSS, SaaS or Q Research Software


Things Youll Do


Design and improve experiences for our Brand and Market Research clients
Partner with the sales team to design quantitative research methodology  sampling plans.
Handle logistics for quantitative research projects, including maintaining organization and timelines among the internal team, scheduling and planning research engagements, checking data (with the ability and desire to learn how to manage both up and down),
Play a supporting role for clients on projects and maintain comprehensive notes
Assist with report creation, including writing, analysis, chart and table creation in Excel or PowerPoint.
Lead the write-ups of survey questionnaires, writing questions that use clear phrasing and uphold Qualtrics and industry-standard methodologies.
Be able to effectively problem solve logistical issues and adjust on the fly. Identify issues and suggest solutions on how to make projects run more smoothly.


What Were Looking For On Your Resume



You are an experienced and motivated leader in research solutions who is a quantitative professional. In this role, we need you to be naturally curious and have a passion for understanding human behaviour. A high level of motivation and excellent communication skills are required to handle an incredibly diverse slate of work, clients, and team personalities. Flexibility to work on multiple projects, a natural aptitude for organisation and deliverable creation are equally important in this fast-paced environment.
You are able to deliver amidst the dynamic nature of workload and pace inherent in a client service business. You should have very strong Excel and PowerPoint skills, and can run basic statistical analyses, display the creativity needed for writing effective questionnaires, and be very comfortable multi-tasking.
You are academically qualified, have at least 8-12 years experience within a market research capacity.  You have strong personal accountability, work ethic and a positive, can do attitude. There is tremendous growth potential in our rapidly growing company and were looking for eager people up for the challenge!



What You Should Know About the Hiring Manager

Bill is an alumnus of the University of New South Wales and started his career at Millward Brown. Born in Shanghai but grew up in Darwin. For those unfamiliar with Australian geography, its a remote, tropical city on the northern tip of the continent, closer to Indonesia than any other major Australian city. Bill spent a large part of his childhood there, barefoot and getting into all sorts of adventures. Bill is now a Research Manager in our Research Services team in Sydney. You can read his story here: https:www.qualtrics.comqualtrics-lifewhy-qualtrics-bill-guo-manager-research-services-sydney-australia. 

Our Teams Favourite Perks and Benefits


Work life integration is deeply important to us - we have frequent office events, team outings, and happy hours.
We take pride in our office design aiming at cultivating creativity from our rooftop views to an open and collaborative work space.
On top of standard benefits package (medical, dental, vision, life insurance, etc) we provide snacks, drinks, and free lunches in our office.
We believe in sharing Qualtrics success which is part of the compensation for all employees.


LI-Hybrid