At Qualtrics, we create software that the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional Customer and Employee experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform. We are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18,000 clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and an appreciation for the unconventional—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set ambitious goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged, and complex problems are solved by collaborating and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities— theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 5,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing
 
Why We Have this Role
Were looking for an experienced Account Based Marketing Field Marketing Manager who has exceptional experience in managing and running ABM Marketing programs within Australia and New Zealand. This person will be focused on building the Qualtrics brand within ANZ, alongside developing quality leads and pipeline for our sales team. This person would be part of our growing APJ Field Marketing team and have support across Brand, Demand Generation, Comms, XMI Institute and Product Marketing. We are looking for someone who is exceptional at partnering with Sales and XM Success across multiple Market Segments and Industries  to co-develop and execute the ABM marketing strategy. 
 
How Youll Find Success

Seeking someone who thrives in a collaborative and dynamic environment, with the ability to establish successful partnerships and leverage the strengths of sales and customer success teams. 
Must have strategic acumen and execution skills, and a deep understanding of personalization, creating memorable experiences through events, demand generation, and revenue attribution. 
Proficient in time management, navigating ambiguity, and managing multiple priorities. 
Skilled negotiator who can find innovative solutions with limited resources. 
Self-motivated, excellent communication, project management, and organizational abilities. 
Expert in their field with fresh perspectives and ideas. 
Experience using qualitative and quantitative metrics to achieve goals. 
Exceptional stakeholder management and interpersonal skills required.

 
How Youll Grow
By joining Qualtrics, you become part of a team that dares to pursue groundbreaking experiences. Our mission is to build technology that positively impacts businesses and makes them more human.
As a member of our global marketing organization, you will join a diverse and inclusive community that values the voice of each individual. We strive for representation that reflects the world we live in and goes beyond it. You will have the opportunity to be a part of a team that upholds values such as transparency, whole-hearted commitment, customer obsession, unity, and resourcefulness.
In this role, you will take ownership of a dedicated field region or industry. Your responsibilities will include developing a robust marketing strategy and executing plans with unique experiences, programs, and campaigns designed to drive demand and revenue. We encourage big-picture thinking and foster an environment that embraces innovation and creativity. You will have the freedom to flex your strategic and tactical skills, all within a fast-paced and high-growth setting.
 
Things Youll Do

Take ownership of developing and implementing the ANZ Field ABM marketing strategy, plans, and budget. 
Collaborate with the ANZ Field Marketing Manager to co-create and execute the overall ANZ Marketing Strategy and Plan, focusing on driving exponential growth in the region. 
Develop, lead, and execute programs to engage target accounts (existing customers and prospects) in alignment with our acceleration and growth objectives. 
Utilize various tactics, such as events, sponsorships, thought leadership, communications, executive briefings, and direct marketing, based on account analysis and growth strategies developed with Sales and Partners. 
Collaborate with account teams to map stakeholder journeys, identify key account activities, and develop communication strategies to deliver targeted and personalized engagement. 
Work with the global demand generation team to launch personalized experiences, including microsites, for key accounts and create scalable content such as executive briefings, blogs, videos, and infographics.
Partner with the Global Demand Generation Team to drive digital awareness through paid search and social campaigns across multiple social platforms.
Utilize data, insights, and best practices to design, implement, and report on effective ABM campaigns and programs across various channels and platforms.

What Were Looking For On Your CV

We are looking for a candidate with a minimum of 8-10 years of hands-on experience in B2B marketing, specifically in the field andor Account-Based Marketing (ABM).
This individual should have a proven track record of delivering measurable commercial results.
Previous experience in B2B marketing and events, particularly in the enterprise software or SaaS industries, would be highly beneficial. 
Additionally, experience in regional marketing would be a plus.
Finally, the ability to travel across the ANZ region is required for this position.

 
Preferred Qualifications

Degree in Marketing, Business or equivalent
Excellent copywriting skills for promotional emails, invitations and other event related materials
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce, Wordpress, Coda, Qualtrics and other event management software

 
What You Should Know About This Team

We are a dynamic and adventurous marketing team, unafraid to push boundaries and achieve remarkable results. 
Though small in number, our team is agile and fiercely determined.
Data serves as a foundation for our decision-making process, but our true passion lies in exploring new ideas and introducing groundbreaking concepts to our global network. 
Challenges excite us, as we view them as opportunities for growth and positive transformation. 
We are not merely observers of change; we actively initiate and drive it.

 
Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.