At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform— We are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
 
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
Sales Development Program
Dublin 
Our unique Sales Development Program is developed and designed to create a structured career path for our Sales Development Representatives to transition into Key Account Executives  experts within the Experience Management category. 
The program consists of three levels;
Level 1 - Inbound Sales Development Representative
Level 2 - New Business Development Representative
Level 3 - Emerging Sales Representative 
 
A Day In The Life (Level 1: Inbound Sales Development Representative)

As an Inbound Sales Development Representative, your goal is to help our customers gain insights on their customers, employees, products and brand, which allow them to make data-driven decisions with direct positive business impact;
The role of an SDR is extremely vital to Qualtrics success - you are the first point of contact of our clients where you are responsible for identifying their pain points, understanding their gaps and connecting them with our experts (Account Executives);
The SDRs have the opportunity to deal with individualbusiness owners in varying industries across Europe

A Day in The Life (Level 2: Sales Development Representative)

Proactively generate new business through researching, qualifying, cold calling and networking with exposure to speaking with C-Level leaders across varying industries;
Establishing creative approach when reaching out to prospects - from sending personalised messages to tailoring conversations specific to the clients needs;
Collaborate with Account Executives  Marketing to strategise methods for success specific to the regions - from market research to actively connect and introduce Qualtrics solutions to prospects

A Day in The Life (Level 3: Emerging Sales Representative (ESR)) 

The ESR does a similar role to an Outbound Sales Development Representative whilst also carrying a revenue target
In the role of an ESR, you will manage, qualify and present the Qualtrics value and solutions to customers
You will work closely with Account Executives and shadow the entire deal cycle to be enabled to close smaller deals yourself

What We Are Looking For

You thrive in a space where creativity and innovation are part of everyday life;
You like to strategise and plan out creative methods to generate more business opportunities;
You are passionate about your personal growth and career development;
Opportunity for promotion and recognition motivate you;
A minimum of 6 months relevant Sales experience is required
A Bachelors Degree or equivalent is required;
Fluent German speaker  English required. Fluent in German, English  another European language an advantage.

We are passionate about our Global Initiatives
Qualtrics launched 5 For The Fight that partners with leading cancer research centers across the world to fund some of the most groundbreaking cancer research being done today.
We have some great initiatives from our very own Clubs  Societies - from WLD (Women Leadership Development) that creates a diverse community, to Green Team that is passionate about helping to improve the environment.
What Differentiates Us From Others (Benefits  Life at the office when we return)

On top of our benefits (Healthcare, Pension, Bike to work, Travel tax, Wellness bonus etc.), we are offering an exciting Experience Bonus after a year of service. The purpose is to fund a dream youve always dreamt of! it could be from attending a sporting event or concert or visiting somewhere exotic or staying at a 5 star hotel! 
Day to day perks include free lunch, snacks and drinks

 