At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
 
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
Research Analyst
Why We Have This Role
In this role, you will be part of the growing Qualtrics market research community that helps some of the worlds top minds take their research to the next level. Youll be challenged in partnership with a Research Manager to come up with new and creative solutions to our clients most difficult research needs.
 
The Research Analyst plays a key role during the all or part of the lifecycle of impactful research projects for strategically important clients.
 
How Youll Find Success

Effective project management and exceptional organizational skills
Strong commitment to customer satisfaction
Establishing and maintaining relationships with clients, track project progress, and ensure timely delivery of research deliverables 
Expertise in managing research projects and meeting client expectations will be crucial to your success

How Youll Grow

Opportunity to expand your project management skills, gain in-depth knowledge of research methodologies, and enhance your leadership abilities.
Structured Promotion Process
Career Action Planning with Manager
Qmobility

Things Youll Do

Support a successful launch by helping to select the appropriate research methodology to meet the clients research objectives.
Assist in the development of the research questionnaire using Qualtrics technology platform. Work with clients to design survey instruments that meet their research objectives and conform to best practices in survey methodology
Work closely with internal and external resources to ensure successful execution of the fieldwork and data collection.
Assist in reviewing the collected data and create the analysis and reporting that provides meaningful insights to the sponsoring client.

What Were Looking For On YourResume

A minimum of 1 to 4 years within the custom Market Research industry
Academic and practical experience with a wide array of product, brand, and advertising research methodologies
Experience as part of complex research projects (from design through analysis)
Analytical skills with experience in statistical modeling and analysis.
Proficient with Excel and PowerPoint
Bachelors or advanced degree in business, mathematics, or the sciences.
Comfortable in a fast-pace, unstructured, and highly competitive environment
Ability to communicate clearly and pleasantly through both written and spoken mode
Proficiency in English (written  oral)

What You Should Know About This Team
Our research services team is a collaborative and supportive group of professionals dedicated to delivering high-quality results to our clients. We foster a culture of open communication, innovation, and knowledge sharing. You will have the opportunity to work closely with subject matter experts and contribute to groundbreaking research initiatives.
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits

Work-life integration: frequent office events, team outings, and happy hours
Qualtrics Experience Program: 1,500 for an experience of your choosing (eligible after a year)
Creative office design fostering innovation and collaboration
Comprehensive benefits package (medical, dental, vision, life insurance, etc.)

 
Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic.

Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection Act
 
Qualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.