At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.                                                                           
 
Product Specialist
Why We Have This Role
Qualtrics leads the way in Experience Management—one of the fastest-growing tech categories—and the approx 18 months you spend as a Product Specialist will prepare you to move to the forefront of this global movement.
How Youll Find Success

Highly communicative and has ability to create trust in customers and teams
Takes initiative and shows scrappiness in getting things done
Proven ability to work well in teams - partnering with managers, cross functional teams, and teammates
Shows desire to learn new skills and grow in the role
Takes analytical mindset to approach problems and find solutions

How Youll Grow

Your analytical skills are critical as you respond to clients (including Fortune 500 employees, tenured professors, and small business owners) via phone, email, or chat.
The one constant about Qualtrics is progress - you regularly adapt and learn as our products and technologies change.
We have an open office environment here at Qualtrics, so you collaborate with fellow product specialists by finding outside-the-box solutions for both our customers and our processes.
Help companies build solutions that achieve their businesscompany goals, pushing them to the next level
Improve your qualificationstechnical skills (HTML, Javascript, CSS)
Learn more about a day in the life on our Qualtrics University website.

Things Youll Do

Use your analytical and problem solving skills to respond to technical support needs
Work with customers ranging from graduate students to Chief Marketing Officers
Help companies from startups to the Fortune 500 across all industries build solutions to achieve their business goals
Lead out on projects that impact the whole organization and collaborate with teams across Qualtrics to find innovative solutions for both our customers and internal processes
Constantly learn and adapt as our products and technologies change

What Were Looking For On Your Resume
Minimum Requirements:

Fluent in English AND German OR Dutch (professional workingnative level).
Minimum of a Bachelors degree - Business, Economics, Management, Psychology, STEM and more. 
Hard-working self-starter capable of concurrently running multiple projects in a dynamic environment.
Excellent analytical skills.
Ability to communicate and teach complicated concepts.
Detail-orientation with an ability to prioritize and meet deadlines.
Interest in TechnologySaaS industry.

Preferred Requirements:

Customer facing experience
Masters degree
Prior instructing, research, or tutoring experience.
Experience in a tech or start-up environment.

What You Should Know About This Team

Youll know you are a top performer when you consistently receive top satisfaction scores from our clients.
Youll become an authority in the Qualtrics product, which will ensure you can effectively help our customers with a mix of instructing and troubleshooting.
While helping customers is your core focus, you also get an opportunity to work on  a variety of projects with departments across Qualtrics.
Eventually you will move on to a great next role in Qualtrics bringing your knowledge of our customer base and how they use our product.

Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits:

A comprehensive package consisting of base, bonus, and generous benefits. Clear expectations for performance and progression pathways.
Private health insurance - top of the range coverage.
Annual Experience Bonus - we want to facilitate some great experiences for our employees. Put this bonus towards an experience youve always wanted to have!
Quarterly Wellness Stipend - reimburse your physical and mental wellbeing costs.
Commuter Assistance - up to your public transport expenses to the office!
Catered lunches in our EMEA HQ in Dublin - 5 days a week.

 