At Qualtrics, we create software that the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18,000 clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
 
Paralegal
 
Why We Have This Role
This role may provide legal support to departments across Qualtrics, including product, engineering, sales, procurement, and finance. It may include assisting attorneys in drafting and negotiating contracts, designing and implementing process improvements, researching and summarizing relevant legal issues, and providing legal advice. It provides great visibility into and training for a career in the law.
 
How Youll Find Success 
Youll find success by being self-motivated, having an ownership mentality, and being able to learn quickly by asking questions and using available resources (which are plentiful).
 
How Youll Grow
Youll know youre doing a phenomenal job when you will be able to support the legal team in handling complex matters. Youll be analytical, organized, and excel at both written and oral communication. You can build great relationships with other teams here at Qualtrics!
 
Things Youll Do

Provide support across a wide range of transactional legal matters and subjects
Help manage and own long-term goals and projects for the legal team
Develop, implement, and execute new internal tools
Build solid relationships with sales, finance, and other teams
Coordinate electronic signatures and maintain contract records and filings
Provide limited support for litigation
Identify and implement methods for streamlining existing processes

 
What Were Looking For On Your Resume

Bachelors Degree
Interest in the law preferred (paralegal or legal internship experience, or even a general interest in possibly attending law school)
Demonstrated ability with critical thinking and formal writing

 
What You Should Know About This Team 
The Legal team at Qualtrics is a hard-working, fun-loving, and dynamic group. We focus on solving problems and empowering our business teams to run, not walk. We are always pragmatic—protecting the company from risks that really matter and never slowing it down over issues that are only theoretical. We get the opportunity to work with every department in the company as well as outside counsel, vendors, partners, and (most meaningfully) customers. We strive to avoid pretentiousness and instead focus on working hard, having fun, and delivering results.

This role sits in our Provo, UT headquarters
The legal team strives to be pragmatic and collaborative
You will receive robust training and mentoring from attorneys and senior paralegalscontract managers 

 
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits 

Team cohesion is deeply important to us - we have frequent office events and regular team activities
Qualtrics Experience Program - 1,800 for an experience of your choosing (eligible after a year)
We take pride in our office design aimed at fostering creativity, from our mountain views to an open and collaborative workspace.
30 paid days off - 15 Vacation Days  5 Personal Days  10 Holiday Closures (additional after a year)
On top of standard benefits package (medical employees and their families, dental, vision, life insurance, etc) we provide free lunches every work day, snacks, and drinks

 

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.

 