At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. ,,When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
 
Proposals Coordinator
 
 
Why We Have This Role
This role is to support the Global Proposal Team and Sales in our effort to respond to clients questions quickly, effectively in an compelling and persuasive way.
 
 
How Youll Find Success


Undergraduate degree in Business, Communication, Marketing, Technical Writing, English, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Engineering, or other relevant  majors
1-2 years of experience in proposals, proposal development, content creation, cybersecurity or IT quality assurance
Strong writing skills, technical writing skills preferred
Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel
Strong both spoken and written English capabilities
Effective communication, project management and deadline management skills
Business Spanish communication capabilities
Portuguese fluency preferred  
Experience with survey or market research preferred


 
How Youll Grow
A key skill in Proposals is the ability and drive to constantly grow and learn to better support Sales and our Customers. We enable this by constantly providing trainings and learning and development opportunities as well as cross-functional projects to build our skillsets.
 
 
Things Youll Do


Lead andor run the proposal creation process for the responses Qualtrics develops in conjunction with RFPs, RFIs (requests for proposalsinformation), a security questionnaires received
Build compliant outlines for RFPsRFIs
Work with the proposal team to support the sales team with client-facing, written communications
Collaborate with subject matter experts across the company to answer niche questions from specialized teams
Work on multiple requests to meet the clients deadlines while also aligning with the deadlines of internal teams
Answering security and technical questions catered directly to that clients needs in a compliant fashion.


 
What Were Looking For On Your
 
1-2 years of experience in creation compliant proposals, business cases, or security responsesStrong written and spoken English communication capabilitiesBusiness Spanish communication capabilities
 
What You Should Know About This Team
 
The Proposals Team at Qualtrics is a very close and tight-nit group of high performers and empathetic, helpful, knowledgable people. We love supporting each other almost as much as we love supporting Sales. Members on this team become life-long friends and colleagues. We love to challenge each other, have fun together, and celebrate each other in our successes. If youre looking for a supportive and fun team, youve found it.
 
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits
 
The Proposals Team at Qualtrics is dedicated to developing our teammates. We dedicate time to work on personal development every quarter in whatever specific skillset the teammate wants to focus on.
 

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
