At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
 
Discover Resolution
 
Why We Have This Role 
We are looking for a customer-oriented, highly technical, highly collaborative individual to join our Resolution team. This team focuses on everything involved in ensuring a great customer experience with our software to optimizations to Customer Hero support.
 
How Youll Find Success 
Discover Resolution Specialists are the unequivocal Discover experts at Qualtrics. In this role, you will leverage that product expertise to provide technical solutions to software challenges. You will respond to customer needs in real-time and work closely with our Engineering teams to identify product defects and unblock customers. 
 
How Youll Grow
You will build and manage relationships with internal stakeholders who are senior leaders of our product, engineering, global operations, and customer success organizations. This unique combination of technical, strategic, and relational experience ensures professional success and growth for Discover Resolution Specialists along product management, software engineering, and data analytics career paths.
 
Things Youll Do

Keep our production environment running optimally for all customers, even as we grow significantly. Lots of monitoring, evaluation, and benchmarking.
Ensure correct and seamless operation of all integrations and custom workflows. Lots of interaction with our Data Acquisition team, Technical Consulting team, and others.
Debug hard problems that are escalated through our tier 1 support team. Lots of interaction with Support, Engineering and Services.
Advocate for our customers in all situations, making sure that we are always thinking about and optimizing their experience. Lots of collaboration with Product Management, Engineering, and many other groups.

 
What Were Looking For On Your CV
Minimum Qualifications
Here are a few items that are the minimum standard for this role. Were happy to help build upon areas that may not be your core strength:

Bachelors or Masters degree from a top university in a technical field
At least 1 year of professional experience in a technical role supporting production environments
Linux andor Windows experience - must be comfortable with command prompt
Experience with any of the database technologies like PostgresSQL preferred
You are naturally curious and responsible
Strong communication skills (verbal, written and interpersonal)
Familiarity with software and front-end development
Ability to take on problems and identify the root cause of issues
Skill and a real passion for operational excellence
Ability to concurrently manage multiple projects in a dynamic environment
Comfort working both autonomously and collaboratively
Ability to articulate technical concepts to a non-technical audience

 
Preferred Qualifications

Experience with scripting technologies for task automation (E.g. Batch, Python)
Coding skills (R, Python, VB, Java, CSS, HTML, etc.)

 
What You Should Know About the Discover Resolution Team
The Discover Res team is a small and efficient global scrum team that works in two-week sprints.  The team itself uses Jira for staying organized, GitHub for configuration management, Jenkins for automation, Grafana, ELK, ServerDensity, and Prometheus for monitoring, and a variety of other tools in our day-to-day jobs. The product stack that we maintain and debug consists of ElasticSearch, Mongo, Postgres, Kafka, Docker, Kubernetes, and a variety of java, python, and node applications.  These technologies work together to do Natural Language Processing and analysis at scale for our Fortune 500 customer base.
 