
At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.

Product Specialist
Why We Have This Role
Qualtrics leads the way in Experience Management—one of the fastest-growing tech categories—and the 16 to 24 months you spend as a Product Specialist will prepare you to move to the forefront of this global movement.
How Youll Find Success


Highly communicative and has ability to create trust in customers and teams
Takes initiative and shows scrappiness in getting things done
Proven ability to work well in teams - partnering with managers, cross functional teams, and teammates
Shows desire to learn new skills and grow in the role
Takes analytical mindset to approach problems and find solutions


How Youll Grow


Your analytical skills are critical as you respond to clients (including Fortune 500 employees, tenured professors, and small business owners) via phone, email, or chat.
The one constant about Qualtrics is progress - you regularly adapt and learn as our products and technologies change.
We have an open office environment here at Qualtrics, so you collaborate with fellow product specialists by finding outside-the-box solutions for both our customers and our processes.
Help companies build solutions that achieve their businesscompany goals, pushing them to the next level
Improve your qualificationstechnical skills (HTML, Javascript, CSS)
Learn more about a day in the life on our Qualtrics University website.


Things Youll Do


Use your analytical and problem solving skills to respond to technical support needs
Work with customers ranging from grad students to Chief Marketing Officers
Help companies from startups to the Fortune 500 across all industries build solutions to achieve their business goals
Lead out on projects that impact the whole organization and collaborate with teams across Qualtrics to find innovative solutions for both our customers and internal processes
Constantly learn and adapt as our products and technologies change


What Were Looking For On YourResume

Minimum Requirements:

Bachelors degree from a top university.
Hard-working self-starter capable of concurrently running multiple projects in a dynamic environment.
Excellent analytical skills.
Ability to communicate and teach complicated concepts.
Detail-orientation with an ability to prioritize and meet deadlines.
Interest in TechnologySaaS industry.

Preferred Requirements:

Technical or hard science major or minor.
Prior instructing, research, or tutoring experience.
Coding classes andor coding skills (MATLAB, R, Python, VB, Java, CSS, HTML, etc.).
Experience in a tech or start-up environment.


What You Should Know About This Team


Youll know you are a top performer when you consistently receive top satisfaction scores from our clients.
Youll become an authority in the Qualtrics product, which will ensure you can effectively help our customers with a mix of instructing and troubleshooting.
While helping customers is your core focus, you also get an opportunity to work on  a variety of projects with departments across Qualtrics.
Eventually you will move on to a great next role in Qualtrics bringing your knowledge of our customer base and how they use our product.


Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits


Competitive salary, performance bonuses, generous 401(k) Match
Wellness Reimbursement for 300 per quarter for wellness activities including gym memberships, spa massages, workout equipment, meditation apps, and much more.
1800 Experience bonus to be used for an Experience of your choosing
Unlimited Sick Days
Amazing QGroup Communities; MOSAIQ, Green Team, Qualtrics Pride, QAble, Qualtrics Salute, and Womens Leadership Development, which exist as places for support, allyship, and advocacy.
Free food and drinks, massage chairs, table tennis, an onsite gym and more


 
Must be legally authorized to work in job location without Qualtrics sponsorship now or in the future.
university quni wayup 