


At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
 

Global Operations Manager - Night Shift
 
 
Why We Have This Role
Qualtrics leads the way in Experience Management—one of the fastest-growing tech categories. As a Customer Operations Manager, you will combine your passion for hiring, developing and leading customer-facing teams with your ability to set the strategy and execution for new business processes. You should have a strong interest in (1) building elite teams; (2) driving operational best practices; (3) experience management; and (4) global collaboration. You will mentor your team of 15 - 20 direct reports, Customer Service Specialists, as they deliver world class technical customer support.
How Youll Find Success


Provide coaching and mentorship to guide career development while accurately evaluating performance of team members and providing direct and actionable feedback.
Communicate team impact and results to key partners and act as an advocate for the team within Qualtrics.
Work closely with our Head of Global Operations and other global cross functional leaders to establish new processes and policies to increase efficiencies and enhance the overall customer experience.


How Youll Grow


The one constant about Qualtrics is change - you regularly adapt and learn as our products and company evolve.
Partner closely with regional counterparts, Workforce Management, Customer Operations, Sales, Human Resources and other functional teams to drive initiatives to improve the customer experience.
Collaborate with Mexico City leaders in Customer Operations and beyond to promote a culture of collaboration.


Things Youll Do


Lead a team of high-performing Customer Service Specialists to deliver exceptional customer support in a follow-the-sun model. This role will offer coverage for Asia Pacific hours, during Mexico time night shifts.
Partner with workforce and resource planning analysts on team capacity, forecasting, and resource allocation.
Design and implement innovative global and scalable operational processes that increase efficiency.
Provide coaching to customer support reps to drive prompt resolution of client issues, while exceeding support volume and customer satisfaction standards.
Help hire and train personnel for a rapidly growing team.
This role is primarily in-office (minimum 4 days per week)


What Were Looking For On Your CV


At least 2 years of experience leading customer-facing teams, with preference for exposure to multi-channel (voicechatemail) customer touch points.
Strong empathy for customers; employing a customer-centric approach.
Strong analytical skills; ability to interpret management intelligence and business intelligence to develop strategy and make recommendations.
Employ a data-driven approach to managing and coaching your team; track record of exceeding targets, KPIs, SLAs.
Self-starter capable of working concurrently across multiple projects in an energizing environment.
Excellent analyticalproblem-solving skills with a history of driving impact within an organization.
Excellent interpersonal skills, strong global collaboration, and a proven ability to develop people professionally.
Ability to support our Asia-Pacific customer base with working hours from 5PM CST - 2 AM CST
EnglishSpanish fluency (verbal and written)


What You Should Know About This Team


Youll have the opportunity to build  scale a team in a new market.
Great work atmosphere with peer support networks  collaboration opportunities around the world.
Participate in data driven continuous improvement in a fast paced, constantly changing environment
Mentor early in career talent to shape the start of their careers in tech


Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits


Work-life integration is deeply important to us - we have frequent office events, team outings, and happy hours
Qualtrics Experience Program - 1,800 USD for an experience of your choosing (eligible after a year)
Wellness reimbursement - up to the value of MXN 6,250 per quarter can be reimbursed for a variety of wellness activities
Allowances for meals, transportation, groceries, and more
We take pride in our office design aiming at fostering creativity
We believe in sharing Qualtrics success which is part of the compensation for all employees


 

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.

 

