At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
Corporate Development Associate
Why We Have This Role
As a global leader in experience management, MA is one of Qualtrics key growth vectors.  We are looking for an associate to join the tight-knit Strategy  Corporate Development team.  As a Corporate Development Associate, you will play a crucial role in shaping our inorganic strategy and driving our global corporate development efforts. 
How Youll Find Success

Highly motivated and have the ability to be a self-starter.
Excellent problem solver with a data driven mindset.
Strong understanding of key software  SaaS business metrics and KPIs.
Excellent analytical and modeling skills and familiarity with accounting principles.
Superb valuation and analytical capabilities.
Strong oral and written communication skills.
Ability to collaborate effectively with cross functional teams and senior leaders.
Ability to handle multiple projects at the same time without sacrificing work quality.
Ability to work independently  autonomously.

How Youll Grow

Mentorship - You will be able to learn the ins and outs of corporate development from senior members of the team.
Domain knowledge - In addition to learning about the XM space, you will develop a strong understanding of the enterprise software market.
Increased responsibility - As you develop, there will be opportunities to run projects from end to end and present to senior leaders.
End-to-end experience - You will be involved from early strategy development and formulation all the way through transaction execution.
Exposure - You will have a front row seat to strategy setting and decision making through interactions with C-level executives and Board members. 

Things Youll Do

Support all aspects of the deal process, including sourcing, qualification, financial analyses and modeling, due diligence, and closing and integration planning activities.
Assist in strategic transaction planning and vetting efforts, including gathering input from cross-functional teams and incorporating comprehensive internal and external views into thoughtful insights and business cases for potential opportunities.
Partner with the business to identify potential acquisition candidates and articulate their contributions to Qualtrics strategic objectives.
Conduct holistic analyses to support decision making, including TAMSAM estimates, market landscapes, business case and valuation modeling.
Establish a robust understanding of industry trends, market participants, and competitive dynamics in the experience management and enterprise software markets.
Actively participate in enhancing group practices and processes to augment Qualtrics MA competency

What Were Looking For On Your Resume

Undergraduate or graduate degree from a top-tier school.
3 years of relevant work experience, including corporate development, investment banking, equity research, or venture capitalprivate equity.
Experience analyzing a wide variety of MA transactions and performing rigorous financial and valuation analyses.
Demonstrated career progression with increasing responsibility over time.

What You Should Know About This Team

We are a small, tight-knit team, and we are thoughtful in how we collaborate.
We work closely with senior leaders across the business on a daily basis.
The team is well regarded and the business values our partnership and expertise. 
We invest in and mentor team members professionally.
This role will be based out of one of Qualtrics HQs (Provo, UT and Seattle, WA).

Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits 

Wellness Reimbursement for 300 per quarter for wellness activities including gym memberships, spa massages, workout equipment, meditation apps, and much more.
1800 Experience bonus to be used for an Experience of your choosing
Amazing QGroup Communities; MOSAIQ, Green Team, Qualtrics Pride, QAble, Qualtrics Salute, and Womens Leadership Development, which exist as places for support, allyship, and advocacy.

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.