Software Test Engineer
About Qualtrics
At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing. 
 
Why We Have This Role
Qualtrics is seeking Quality Engineers to join our growing Engineering function in our Mexico City office. If you have a Bachelors degree, have 2 years of engineering experience, and want work at a fast-growing tech company, Qualtrics could be the place youve been dreaming about.
 
How Youll Grow
Our Quality Engineering organizations mission is to build a quality culture championing a delightful customer experience while enabling teams to efficiently bring high quality software to all markets. We do this by engaging early to ensure customer use cases are tested AND fully automated.  We also automate the release process to save human effort, reduce mistakes, and speed overall delivery. Our environment uses primarily Selenium, Java, JavaScript, TypeScript, Node.js, Jira, TestRail, Python, Jenkins, Nomad and Docker. In our collaborative culture, you find plenty of opportunities to improve the quality of our software.
 
Things Youll Do 

Design test plans and test cases for web applications
Find, triage, and document bugs worth fixing
Conduct ad-hoc and scripted manual tests
Convert manual test cases into automated cases in an existing framework using Python or JavaScript
Investigate test failures and customer reports using your technical understanding of the product and tools (such as logs) to narrow down repro issues steps and isolate the root problem
Ensure the product is tested at the appropriate level (unit vs integration vs end to end, API vs UI), reducing unnecessary test cases, intermittent failures, and decreasing execution time.
Drive quality processes like bug triage, releases decisions, and feature completion criteria

 
What Were Looking For On Your Resume

Bachelors degree in a technical field such as IT, Engineering, Math, Physics or similar with Computer Science coursework or minor. Computer science degree accepted but not required. 
2 years of coding experience with any programming language (prefer in PythonJavaScript)
2 years of experience working as part of a team
Familiar with front-end technologies, or REST web services andor constructing basic database queries
Familiarity with software testing concepts and tools is a plus

 
What You Should Know About This Team 
Our Engineering team is a group of deeply passionate engineers who are breaking new ground in cloud computing and web scalability. We organize and sort terabytes of data and develop solutions used by millions of users every single day. We design products that make sophisticated research simple.  Engineering focuses on these tenets: Platform-oriented, API First, Secure, One Product (software developed by many teams is unified into a single, coherent platform), and Quality (Our customers rely on our products to drive their businesses. Our software must work. If a feature is buggy, dont release it, fix it or take it out.)
 

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
