
At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category, serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all, it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged, and complex problems are solved together by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people globally who think thats work worth doing.
 
Enterprise Account Executive - East
 
Preferred candidates to be located in NYCPhillyBaltimoreWashington.
 
Why We Have This Role
 
Our Enterprise Account Executive team is a group of highly driven individuals dedicated to closing experience gaps. Our SaaS platform is used to help some of the largest organizations in the world drive action with pre-built experience management (XM) programs and projects that anyone can use.
 
How Youll Find Success

Takes initiative.
Understands the expected outcome, gets the context, and then works entrepreneurially to get it done.
Strong track record of exceeding quota.
Ability to acquire clients.
Strong negotiating skills.
Ability to sell a complex platform: Qualtrics Experience Management platform to large, strategic accounts.

How Youll Grow

Structured promotion processauto promotion process
Career Action Planning with Manager
Qmobility

 
Things Youll Do

Quarterback strategic enterprise deals with Fortune 100500 companies in your territory. 
Consistently hit and achieve quarterlyannual quotas. 
Cultivate professional relationships with existing clients and prospects throughout at all levels of an organization.
Develop and maintain in-depth knowledge of Qualtrics solution offerings.
Maintain a real-time understanding of the competitive landscape to build win-based proposals and pricing.
Develop and maintain positive relationships with other functional areas internally at Qualtrics, e.g., Professional Services, Implementation, Subject Matter Experts, etc, to ensure a collaborative approach to secure large enterprise engagements

 
What Were Looking For On Your

A validated winner that has led breakthrough results.
A bachelors degree or higher is required
At least 4-6 years of individual enterprise-level sales experience
Ability to travel up to 50
Experience using MEDDIC sales processes
Experience using Salesforce.com and measuring system compliance
Experience over-exceeding quarterly quotas
Experience in developing business cases
Experience working on complex contract negotiations

 
What You Should Know About This Team
Weve grown our Enterprise Sales team to respond to strong client demand for the Qualtrics Insight Platform. Our team is a group of highly driven individuals that are intelligent, organized, and dedicated. We work together as a team to accomplish and surpass quarterly and annual objectives. We are a goal-oriented team that works hard and enjoys the incredible trajectory that Qualtrics provides. Our overarching objective is to drive company revenue growth through client success.
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits

Salary  Uncapped Commissions and Accelerators
100 Performance based promotions -- not politics or tenure
Culture - Incredible work environment - you can wear jeans and bring your dog to the office, anytime
Quarterly team activities, winter and summer parties, and lots of Qualtrics swag
We offer private health insurance, annual experience bonus, wellness stipend to allow you to focus on yourself each quarter, and much more
The annual Qualtrics Experience Bonus can be used for an experience of your choosing. Some team members have chosen to use the bonus for vacations, concert or event tickets, or home improvement projects.

 
Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer, meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic.

Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection Act

Qualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, perform essential job functions, andor receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.

For full-time positions, this pay range is for base per year; however, base pay offered may vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, education, skills, and experience. For part-time or intern positions, this pay range is for base pay per hour. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be included in an employment offer, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and other benefits, based on eligibility criteria.Remote Pay Transparency Range106,700—185,900 USD