At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. 
 
When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the microphone and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
 
Customer Success Associate
 
Why We Have This Role

The mission of the Customer Operations organization is to help our customers, both internal and external, deliver extraordinary business results.
 
The CSA role is pivotal in this mission to ensure our business reports healthy revenue and enables customer-facing teams to prioritize their time towards high risk and high need accounts. Central to success is a thriving partnership with our customer-facing account teams, allowing us to efficiently scale Qualtrics services to more customers. We are the get it done team. We have a wide range of responsibilities that include engaging with finance, marketing, product, engineering, sales, legal, security, etc. and producing deliverables for our customer-facing teams.
 
 

How Youll Find Success

Youll know youre doing a great job in this role when:

You maintain a high utilization score (e.g., how much time you are saving our account teams), a healthy billings attainment (e.g. how much renewal  you have invoiced) and strong customer satisfaction.
Provide critical, value added deliverables to our XM Success team and customers to help them realize maximum value from the Qualtrics partnership
You help retain and expand client subscriptions, the lifeblood of the SaaS business model.
You drive the renewal process forward, from reaching out to our internal customer facing teams to coordinate a renewal process, to working directly with the client to confirm a renewal.

We are looking for candidates to help us not only get things done in the current process, but also to improve processes to make our entire company continuously more efficient. In fact, you will have the opportunity to become a subject matter expert in a key process and work to improve it.
 
 

How Youll Grow


Problem-Solving Skills: As a Customer Success Associate, you will learn to actively listen, analyze data, and develop tailored solutions to address business and customer challenges effectively.
Cross-Functional Collaboration: Working closely with other departments, you will develop valuable cross-functional skills, gain a holistic understanding of the business, and learn from experts in various areas, paving the way for career growth.
Developing a Bias for Action: Youll learn how to prioritize the needs of your stakeholders and take prompt, proactive steps to drive success and satisfaction


 
Things Youll Do


Play a role in identifying opportunities to streamline and improve business critical, end-to-end processes
Partner with our customer-facing account teams (Sales, XM Success) to deliver incredible customer and business impact by supporting them to optimize the entire renewal journey
Surface and present actionable insights for the XM Success team to support Book of Business management and planning (e.g., attrition insights, renewal rate trends, NPS insights, XM product usage signals)
Engage with internal stakeholders and systems to ensure timely renewals, account health data capture and compliance with customer security requirements
Assist with (and own where appropriate) customer-facing events such as webinars, user groups, product demos, and XM Days and work with necessary internal teams to deliver
Research and summarize key materials to answer client questions around Experience Management, manage client escalations, and track feature requests
Own preparation for - and participate in - client meetings by gathering inputs and compiling data, building presentation decks, and organizing agendas and assist with follow up actions


 
What Were Looking For On Your Resume


Bachelors degree
Strong prioritisation skills with the ability to be proactive
Collaboration skills
Proficient written and verbal English communication
Desire to improve processes and work through ambiguity
Interest in the technology industry
Experience in SaaS, strategy, consulting, customer service, operations, technology, sales, customer success, or an equivalent field would be beneficial


 
What You Should Know About This Team


We have each others backs. We win together.
Our team meetings are designed to foster community and connection.
This team gives high exposure to essential business functions and sharpens a broad spectrum of skills in each member.


 
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits

Annual Leave: 20 or 26 annual leave days per annum plus an additional day for each year of service (to a max of 5).
Private Medical Insurance- Luxmed health  dental cover for you and your dependants.
Commuter Assistance- Up to the value of 80 PLN net a month for public transport.
Savings Plan- Two company saving plans provided by Nationale Nederlanden: Employee Capital Plan (PPK)  Employee Saving Plan (PPO)
QED PROGRAM- Qualtrics Engineer Development (QED) program: support, engineering learning activities up to 10 of engineering work time each quarter.
Wellness- Up to the value of 800PLN gross per quarter can be reimbursed for a variety of wellness activities via our dedicated platform Forma. 
A choice of Multisport cards available.

Our employee assistance program with Unum provides counselling and wellbeing support to all employees


Experience Bonus - 7000 PLN gross per annum. Qualtrics experience bonus is a program designed to provide experiences to our employees they might not otherwise have.


Group Life  Income Protection Insurance


GlassesContact lenses Reimbursement


Free breakfasts, lunches, snacks, and drinks for everyone in the office


 