At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.

Why We Have This Role
As a Sales Development rep, you are responsible for contacting leaders and executives in organizations of all sizes across many verticals. Your focus is helping leaders gain insights around their market, customers, and employees, which allows them to make quicker decisions driven by data.
 
How Youll Find Success
You identify key decision makers andor key influencers within an organization across many different departments

You understand the impact our products have on our customers
You articulate to prospects how our tools can help their organizations get to the next level with real-time data
You work well with teammates, like to strategize, and plan out creative methods to generate more business opportunities
You use rejection as fuel to motivate and push you to work harder and smarter
Youre a self starter, competitive, and driven. You see the bigger picture. You dont settle for mediocrity
You dont hit quota because that is what is expected of you, rather you blow past quota because its who you are
Money, opportunity for growth, and promotion motivate you
You are in sales because you want to drive your own destiny
You view this opportunity as a career, not as a job

How Youll Grow
Sales Development is a rapidly growing division within the sales organization. The purpose of the department is to:

Generate qualified pipeline that progresses through the sales funnel, generating new closed revenue.
To develop new quota-carrying Account Executives.

Due to hyper growth, were constantly looking for hungry and driven individuals who are passionate about a career in corporate sales.
Things Youll Do

You make 50 calls and send 50 personalized emails per day. In addition, you find and add 15 new contacts to into your call cadence.
You work with Account Executives to discuss and strategize methods to penetrate targeted accounts with the goal of setting quality meetings.
You work closely with our Marketing team to execute on personalized account-based campaigns
Youre the best with LinkedIn and Salesforce.
You attend 1:1s, team meetings, trainings, sales calls, discovery calls, demos, etc. to develop your skills.
You collaborate with your peers sharing standard methodologies, oops moments, and role playing to make sure youre focused on continuous improvement.
You compete with yourself, your co-workers, and other teams.
Youre self disciplined, accountable, and reliable.

What Were Looking For On Your Resume

Bachelors Degree (no specific major)
Sales Experience Preferred
Sales Experience could include; sales internships, sales minor, sales program club, SDR experiences, inside sales, door-to-door sales, any cold calling experiences, etc.

What You Should Know About Our Team

This role sits in Mexico City, Mexico
Working and speaking with North American, US Accounts 
Professional fluent English required 
Competitive Pay: Uncapped Commissions and Accelerators
Training and Development: 30 minutes every day to focus on personal development (reading a book, listening to a podcast, developing a new skill, etc)
Hybrid Work Model: emphasis of being in office first- working 4 days in the office, 1 day from home

Our Teams Favorite Perks And Benefits

Frequent SPIFs (sales performance incentive funds) are offered to earn extra money on top of your compensation package
Monthly Wellness Bonus: Every quarter you will receive 300 or 1,200 annually to use on a wide variety of wellness benefits. (Ex: monthly gym pass, athletic clothing, massages, camping gear, financial planner, etc).
30 paid days off: 15 PTO, 5 personal days, and 10 Holiday closures (You may be expected to work on holidays or weekends in exchange for future time off)
Qualtrics Experience Program - 1500 for an experience of your choosing (eligible after one year)
401k match program
Medical Benefits: Healthcare, Vision, Parental Leave, Dental, and more
Free lunch, snacks, drinks, massage chairs, table tennis, an onsite gym, and more

 
Must be legally authorized to work in job location without Qualtrics sponsorship now or in the future.
 
No remote opportunities are available for this role. 

 
Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws: Family  Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection ActQualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, andor to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contactrecruiter know.
 
Qualtrics Work Experience - As we look to the future, we believe that our teams are better together. Being together will help us learn more, grow faster and ultimately deliver better results for our customers and Qualtrics. Roles tied to an office location work 4 days per week in the office together and 1 day from home, with a strong spirit of flexibility around taking time for personal, health, and family moments in our work weeks. Our managers work with their teams to create a collaborative, engaged work environment, and arrangement that works for each of our team members.
 
Not finding a role thats the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! Youll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
 
 