At Qualtrics, we create software the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category, serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged, and complex problems are solved together by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
The Role
Senior Software Engineer - Delighted Organization 
Why We Have This Role
Qualtrics is seeking a Senior Software Engineer to join our growing Delighted organization. Delighted is a company that Qualtrics acquired in 2018. Delighted provides the fastest and easiest way to gather customer feedback and put it into the hands of those who can act on it. Using a single question and an open-ended comment box, Delighted helps companies align customers needs with business growth, measure the customer voice over time, and keep customers coming back. 15k organizations worldwide rely on Delighted to collect, analyze, and act on customer feedback.
Delighted is a small, design-driven team focused on impeccable user experience. Simplicity, quality, and care inform our decisions and processes. We believe in a collaborative, feedback-rich design process, and excellent experiences can only come from teams who care deeply.
Check out a demo of the Delighted Platform here!
How Youll Find Success

Being customer-obsessed!  Working backward from customer needs and forming close partnerships with our product management team. 
Strong interest in full stack development - because your work varies so much, SDEs on the team need to be able to work across the entire stack and enjoy doing so!
Ability to be a self-starter and work autonomously. We are not looking for someone to be on an island. Our highly collaborative and supportive team is receptive to ideas and gives good advice. 
Writing code that is held up as an example for others.

How Youll Grow 

Autonomy and ownership: Delighted gives its developers a high degree of autonomy and ownership over their work. This means that developers have the freedom to learn and experiment, and they are accountable for the results of their work.
Remote-first team: Delighted has a fully remote team, meaning theyve nailed down remote communication and are good at ensuring information is equally distributed. 
Variety of projects: Developers work on various projects, allowing developers to learn new technologies and skills. You may work on developing integrations with Slack and Delighted one day and then work on a bot to detect spam another day.

Things Youll Do 
Because the range of projects is diverse, we need a full-stack engineer with experience working on various projects. Youll work on projects like improving our search and analytics features, building machine learning systems for bot detection and optimizing survey response rates, implementing integrations with 3rd party services, or improving our APIs responsiveness and reliability. Youll also work with the entire team in building new customer-facing features, from idea through prototype to release and maintenance.
What we are looking for on your Resume 

Experience with our stack stack is a preference. Our back end runs on Rails with MySQL, Redis, and Elasticsearch on AWS. If you dont have experience in these technologies, show us how you have raised your hand to learn new languages technologies and are interested in learning! 
Experience in front-end technologies, namely HTML, CSS, and Javascript. Experience with modern React and SASS is a plus.
The glue between our front-end and back-end is HTTP, so you should thoroughly understand this part of the stack, including cookies, caching, AJAX, cross-domain sharing, security issues, etc.
We write automated tests for all of our code. You should be passionate about testing since you know its the only way to deliver high-quality software.
BSMS in Computer Science or a related technical field.
5 years of relevant engineering experience.

What you should know about this team 
The Delighted team is looking for a product-focused and customer-obsessed software engineer. Someone who evaluates all of their work through the lens of user experience, regardless of which layer of the stack they are working in.
Delighted is a small engineering team currently comprised of 7 full-stack software developers. The entire Delighted organization is about 30 employees that work across all business functions. So, it is a similar environment to a start-up but with the support of the larger Qualtrics organization. 
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits 

The annual Qualtrics Experience Bonus can be used for an experience of your choosing. Some team members have chosen to use the bonus for vacations, concert or event tickets, or home improvement projects
Annual wellness reimbursement
Amazing QGroup Communities: MOSAIQ, Green Team, Qualtrics Pride, QAble, Qualtrics Salute, and Womens Leadership Development, which exist as places for support, allyship, and advocacy.
For full-time positions, this pay range is for base per year; however, base pay offered may vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, education, skills, and experience. For part-time or intern positions, this pay range is for base pay per hour. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be included in an employment offer, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and other benefits, based on eligibility criteria.Remote Pay Transparency Range120,000—227,500 USD