At Qualtrics, we create software that the worlds best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform. We are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18,000 clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and an appreciation for the unconventional—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers. When you join one of our teams, youll be part of a nimble group thats empowered to set ambitious goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged, and complex problems are solved by collaborating and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You wont have to look to find growth opportunities— theyll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, were on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 6,000 people across the globe who think thats work worth doing.
Why We have this Role: 
We are seeking a Solutions Architect to join our team to help drive business growth and expansion in the ANZ region. 
As a Solutions Architect you will combine your business acumen and deep technical, hands-on experience to help large enterprises leverage the power of the Qualtrics platform and transform their business. In this role, you will work with business and technical decision makers from our largest accounts, as well as Qualtrics technology partners and account teams.
Solutions Architects engage early in the project lifecycle where the customer is just beginning to define the vision, and often lean on the Solutions Architect to imagine what is possible and determine if its feasible.   The role requires an affinity for solution selling, technology evangelism and customer engagement. The ability to win the hearts and minds of our customers while explaining abstract technical concepts in a non-technical manner as they relate to business value, is a must.
How Youll Find Success: 
To excel in this role, you will need to demonstrate a strong blend of technical expertise, business acumen, and stellar relationship-building skills. Building strong relationships with our customers key decision-makers and understanding their business requirements will be crucial to guide the design and implementation of solutions that drive measurable business outcomes. Success will be measured by your ability to operate regularly in ambiguous situations and discover opportunities. As the solution is defined, you will construct a system that is profitably replicable and then move on the next situation. This role requires a high degree of cross-functional collaboration with Sales, Engineering, and customers.
You will also continually expand and deepen your knowledge of emerging technologies and incorporate them into your solutions.
How Youll Grow:
This role offers immense opportunities for professional growth. As a Solutions Architect, you will have the chance to work with industry-leading technologies and be at the forefront of cutting-edge solutions. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with a diverse and talented team and participate in cross-functional projects that span different industries and geographies. Additionally, you will have the opportunity to contribute to the product roadmap and shape the future of our solutions, further enhancing your skills and expertise.
Things Youll Do:

Lead project discovery and design sessions, including project scoping to ensure alignment between the customers needs and Qualtrics services solutions.
Validate and articulate business impact of the solution to key technical and business decision-makers at customer organizations. 
Design customized and compelling technical solutions that align with customers business objectives, especially at the Enterprise level.
Collaborate closely with sales, delivery, engineering and other teams to deliver strong outcomes.
Stay up to date with industry trends and provide insights and recommendations to drive innovation.
Take ownership of opportunities, manage multiple projects, and adapt to changes in a fast-paced environment.
Maintain technical excellence through continuous learning and adoption of emerging technologies.

What Were Looking for on Your Resume:

3-8 years of experience in a pre-sales environment, shaping complex technology solutions.
Technical degree in Computer Science, Math, or a related field.
Strong solution design experience or experience implementing custom solutions for enterprise customers.
Deep understanding of cloud computing technologies, emerging trends, and their business implications.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Experience in software design, application design, systems operationsmanagement, database architecture, IP networking, storage, or IT security.

What You Should Know about this Team: 
Our team is a dynamic and collaborative group of professionals who are passionate about delivering innovative solutions to our customers. We value creativity, teamwork, and a customer-centric approach. We believe in challenging the status quo and continuously pushing the boundaries of what is possible. Together, we work towards the common goal of driving customer success and helping organizations transform their businesses through the power of technology.
Our Teams Favorite Perks and Benefits:

A comprehensive package consisting of base, bonus, and generous benefits. Clear expectations for performance and progression pathways.
Private health insurance - top of the range coverage.
Annual Experience Bonus - we want to facilitate some great experiences for our employees. Put this bonus towards an experience youve always wanted to have!
Experience Leave - additional 5 days a year to take for experiences!
Quarterly Wellness Stipend - reimburse your physical and mental wellbeing costs.
Commuter allowance - we take care of your public transport expenses to the office!
Catered lunches in our North Sydney office - 5 days a week.

Applicants must be legally authorised to work and reside in Australia, without requirement of sponsorship.