About Quinn Evans
Quinn Evans is a nationally recognized award-winning architecture and design firm informed by the past to design our shared future. We are technical experts who act as caretakers, conveners, and listeners able to identify the solutions that will best serve the community and long-term life of a place.  Addressing the complex challenges of a variety of project types  from public sites, museums and visitor centers, civic, performing arts, educational, and hospitality, to multi-family housing - we bring expertise in cultural and sustainable stewardship to every decision in our projects and our practice.
Team building is critical to the Quinn Evans practice. We create better work and more fulfilling professional lives together through a culture that fosters constructive engagement with a diversity of staff, practice, client communities, and points of view.
Be a part of a collaborative and diverse team designing ways for places and people to thrive today and tomorrow. As one of the largest women-owned design practices in the country, Quinn Evans takes pride in our diverse team and workplace culture that emphasizes leadership, innovation, teamwork, and professional development. We offer competitive compensation, a supportive hybrid work environment, and opportunity to make a difference through work on unique and impactful projects.
Our commitment to contributing to and advancing our profession is reflected in sponsorship and team member leadership positions in the Association for Preservation Technology, membership in the Presidents Circle of the National Organization for Minority Architects (NOMA) and as a signatory of the 1.5C COP26 Communiqu.Job Description
The cultural landscape team collaborates across disciplines to create sustainable planning and design solutions that connect people to the heritage of urban and rural places. From rehabilitation and interpretation of historic sites to the preservation of places embraced by Indigenous traditions, we strive for enduring stewardship. Our award-winning portfolio includes cultural landscape reports, heritage studies, master plans, site design and construction, National Register and National Historical Landmark Nominations, compliance consultation, and collaborative decision-making on projects ranging from vast national parks to discreet city sites.We are looking for an individual who is dedicated to cultural landscape conservation with skills and knowledge to lead and support planning and design projects, applying National Park Service (NPS) and The Secretary of the Interiors (SOI) standards for cultural landscapes. Project management skills and the ability to collaborate with teams as well as work independently is critical. The successful candidate is highly organized, detail-oriented, and possesses strong written, graphic, and verbal communication skills. The position requires an individual with initiative, flexibility, and facility for multi-tasking.  Responsibilities

Research, documentation, analysis, planning, and design for a broad range of cultural landscape types and scales 
Interaction with client and regulatory personnel 
Coordination of project teams, schedules, and budgets 
Facilitate collaborative projects including multiple disciplines, stakeholders, and public
Mentor junior staff 

Job Requirements

Licensed Landscape Architect 
Professional experience in landscape preservation projects (minimum 6 years) required 
Previous project management experience in AE industry required 
Mastery of Microsoft Office, Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign), ArcGIS, AutoCAD, Sketchup, PowerPoint, Excel 
Experience with Revit, Enscape, and Serif Affinity is a plus 
Highly organized and professional with the ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks simultaneously 
Strong working knowledge of NPS guidelines and SOI standards for treatment of cultural landscapes is required 
Strong planning and design abilities 
Travel to a range of project and office locations, including remote locations, is required, travel expenses provided. Candidates should have the capacity and be willing to work outdoor in all seasons through various kinds of weather, in rural or urban environments, for field surveys and meetings. 
Quinn Evans is an equal opportunity employer, offering employment to qualified individuals regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, sexual orientationgender status, Veterans status, and disability. We are committed to diversity and inclusion and encourage women and diverse applicants to apply. 