About Quinn Evans
Quinn Evans is a nationally recognized award-winning architecture and design firm informed by the past to design our shared future. We are technical experts who act as caretakers, conveners, and listeners able to identify the solutions that will best serve the community and long-term life of a place.  Addressing the complex challenges of a variety of project types  from public sites, museums and visitor centers, civic, performing arts, educational, and hospitality, to multi-family housing - we bring expertise in cultural and sustainable stewardship to every decision in our projects and our practice.
Team building is critical to the Quinn Evans practice. We create better work and more fulfilling professional lives together through a culture that fosters constructive engagement with a diversity of staff, practice, client communities, and points of view.
Be a part of a collaborative and diverse team designing ways for places and people to thrive today and tomorrow. As one of the largest women-owned design practices in the country, Quinn Evans takes pride in our diverse team and workplace culture that emphasizes leadership, innovation, teamwork, and professional development. We offer competitive compensation, a supportive hybrid work environment, and opportunity to make a difference through work on unique and impactful projects.
Our commitment to contributing to and advancing our profession is reflected in sponsorship and team member leadership positions in the Association for Preservation Technology, membership in the Presidents Circle of the National Organization for Minority Architects (NOMA) and as a signatory of the 1.5C COP26 Communiqu.Job Description
Quinn Evans is currently seeking a creative, talented Interior Designer with 4 to 6 years of experience for our Michigan office. This is a full-time position with opportunities for growth in a highly collaborative design studio atmosphere. The responsibilities include working in a team environment in all phases of design and documentation for a diverse range of project types including educational, living, cultural, and heritage.
Candidates must have excellent design, production, and communication skills. Candidates must also have extensive knowledge of and experience in the full design process, this includes programming, space planning, finish, and furniture selection, construction documentation, specifications, and construction administration.
Qualifications

A Bachelors or Masters degree in Interior Design from a CIDA-accredited institution.
Professional certification in Interior Design is highly desirable (NCIDQ, CID).
Proficiency in Revit is preferred.
Quinn Evans is an equal opportunity employer, offering employment to qualified individuals regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, sexual orientationgender status, Veterans status, and disability. We are committed to diversity and inclusion and encourage women and diverse applicants to apply. 