About Quinn Evans
Quinn Evans is a nationally recognized award-winning architecture and design firm informed by the past to design our shared future. We are technical experts who act as caretakers, conveners, and listeners able to identify the solutions that will best serve the community and long-term life of a place.  Addressing the complex challenges of a variety of project types  from public sites, museums and visitor centers, civic, performing arts, educational, and hospitality, to multi-family housing - we bring expertise in cultural and sustainable stewardship to every decision in our projects and our practice.
Team building is critical to the Quinn Evans practice. We create better work and more fulfilling professional lives together through a culture that fosters constructive engagement with a diversity of staff, practice, client communities, and points of view.
Be a part of a collaborative and diverse team designing ways for places and people to thrive today and tomorrow. As one of the largest women-owned design practices in the country, Quinn Evans takes pride in our diverse team and workplace culture that emphasizes leadership, innovation, teamwork, and professional development. We offer competitive compensation, a supportive hybrid work environment, and opportunity to make a difference through work on unique and impactful projects.
Our commitment to contributing to and advancing our profession is reflected in sponsorship and team member leadership positions in the Association for Preservation Technology, membership in the Presidents Circle of the National Organization for Minority Architects (NOMA) and as a signatory of the 1.5C COP26 Communiqu.Job Description
Come be part of a dynamic and integrated centralized-marketing team that drives the success of a nationally recognized design firm. The Marketing Manager provides marketing and BD leadership and direction and reports directly to the CMO. This includes providing oversight and guidance to develop and sustain the diverse regional and practice-drive presence, visibility, and client- and project-based pursuit strategies. The role regularly engages all office locations.  Marketing Leadership 
Engage with firm-wide and regional office leaders, strategists, and professional staff as part of our the seller-doer business model. In this role, you will nurture a proactive culture of business development for practice and regional office positioning.

Planning  Strategy. Devise and execute marketing strategies, goals, and corporate marketing program initiatives. Lead and direct client-focused research
and analysis and capture planning efforts.
Team Building. Lead and cultivate relationship development across the firm. This includes both internally and externally, with clients and business partners through integrated marketing practices:

leadership in clientcontact relationship management practices;
working with and coaching staff to develop winning proposals and client presentations; and
professional and community organizations to promote firm visibility and recognition.


Positioning. Guide gono-go decision-making, planning, and win strategies to successfully capture work. Plan, direct and participate in pursuits  across regional and national geographies - as required.
Measurement  Verification. Provide regular reporting (data and key metrics) regarding opportunity status and performance, work pipeline and backlog, lead capture plans, and client development plans.
Monitor the overall quality and performance of marketing and proposal efforts (see Marketing Activities below). Provide an informed market perspective as it relates to the regional office and its primary focus practice areas. Develop an analysis related to the effective use of resources and their long-term payback related to marketing efforts.

Marketing Team Activities  Initiatives 
Provide leadership within the marketing team, engage collaboratively with other marketing managers to meet the firms needs and participate in multifaceted responsibilities to promote the firm.

Proposal Management. Provide high-level guidance and oversight for effective pursuit teams to ensure quality and success. This includes developing win-strategies, directing and managing and directing marketing and professional staff in order to achieve  marketing goals and meet deadlines.
Information Management. Oversee the team to ensure the collection, organization, and ongoing management of marketing data and assets vital to the practice. Ensure consistent presentation of all collateral.
Messaging and Strategy. Provide leadership to deliver consistent brand messaging, and strategic communications, using traditional and digital marketing processes and platforms.
Training and Development. Provide marketing and BD training and development to professional staff related to seller-doer model (proactively coaching and mentoring on business networking and cultivating rewarding relationships) and participate in employee onboarding as required.

Requirements

Bachelors degree in Communications, English, Journalism, Architecture, or other applicable degree
8 years in a marketing role for an architecture, engineering or construction company
Detailed knowledge of marketing procedures, work processes, and tools, along with evidence of past successful management of marketing projects and teams
Knowledge of the Cultural marketplace (including museums, visitor centers, cultural heritage sites, performing arts venues and facilities)
The ability to think creatively and strategically. Develop creative ideas as well as listen and build on the ideas of others in the firm. Flexibility and a creative approach to problem-solving are essential.
Proficiency with Adobe Creative Suite and Microsoft Office
Experience managing CRM systems - working knowledge of relational database programs such as Deltek Vision (or Vantagepoint) a plus.
History working with digital asset management systems such as Axomic OpenAsset is preferable.
Demonstrated visual, written, and oral communication skills.
Detail oriented with excellent writing, editing, grammar, and proofreading skills.
Ability to tailor writing content based on the project type, message, and intended target audience.
Excellent interpersonal skills: ability to work with both peers and senior members of the firm, and professional staff at all levels
Ability to work independently, as well as within l teams in a collaborative and professional environment.
Capable of managing teams of people with demonstrated ability to coach, mentor, and provide constructive criticism in a team setting and one-on-one
Strong organizational skills and an ability to prioritize and complete simultaneous projects, meeting deadlines and working well under pressure, while maintaining a high level of accuracy, meticulous attention to detail, and follow-through
Proactive and can-do attitude and initiative to collaborate with office staff
Sound professional judgment, strong work ethic, and positive and client-focused attitude.
Proven track record of meeting deadlines and managing multiple priorities simultaneously.
Self-motivator who likes to work collaboratively with colleagues across all levels.
Quinn Evans is an equal opportunity employer, offering employment to qualified individuals regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, sexual orientationgender status, Veterans status, and disability. We are committed to diversity and inclusion and encourage women and diverse applicants to apply. 