About Quinn Evans
Quinn Evans is a nationally recognized award-winning architecture and design firm informed by the past to design our shared future. We are technical experts who act as caretakers, conveners, and listeners able to identify the solutions that will best serve the community and long-term life of a place.  Addressing the complex challenges of a variety of project types  from public sites, museums and visitor centers, civic, performing arts, educational, and hospitality, to multi-family housing - we bring expertise in cultural and sustainable stewardship to every decision in our projects and our practice.
Team building is critical to the Quinn Evans practice. We create better work and more fulfilling professional lives together through a culture that fosters constructive engagement with a diversity of staff, practice, client communities, and points of view.
Be a part of a collaborative and diverse team designing ways for places and people to thrive today and tomorrow. As one of the largest women-owned design practices in the country, Quinn Evans takes pride in our diverse team and workplace culture that emphasizes leadership, innovation, teamwork, and professional development. We offer competitive compensation, a supportive hybrid work environment, and opportunity to make a difference through work on unique and impactful projects.
Our commitment to contributing to and advancing our profession is reflected in sponsorship and team member leadership positions in the Association for Preservation Technology, membership in the Presidents Circle of the National Organization for Minority Architects (NOMA) and as a signatory of the 1.5C COP26 Communiqu.Job Description
Responding to the design challenges of the built environment, Quinn Evans manages a firmwide platform that promotes excellence, collaboration, and creative use of tools and technology. Our team of teams approach fosters staff connections and collaboration, builds trust, and empowers support for client communities.  We strive for triple-bottom-line project success with positive impact for people, culture, and the environment. Our sustainable business runs with a future-focused leadership development strategy and ownership transition plan.
We seek an Executive Assistant (EA) to manage the logistics of our CEOs daily work, including scheduling and preparations for meetings, timely information sharing, and oversight of the administrative team. 
As a trusted advisor and resource for the CEO, executive team, and leaders across the firm, the EA must demonstrate a positive, people-oriented attitude combined with initiative, organization and problem-solving skills. They will bring skill in verbal and written communication, coordination, collaboration, and information management to bear using a variety of tools and platforms.
The EAs ability to multitask and work independently in a team-oriented environment is critical, along with proactive, direct, and reliable behavior and communication. With a service-oriented role, the Executive Assistants uses positive interpersonal skills to engage with firm leadership, clients, and collaborators of all kinds. As leader of the administrative team the EA will also demonstrate understanding of individualized workstyles, and professional development.
The EA will manage reporting processes and maintain records including notes, relevant data, and key narrative documents for the executive team.
Responsibilities 
Schedule and Time Management
Manage complex calendar requirements, scheduling internal and external meetings and business development activities.

Maintain the CEO calendar and travel planning, including accurately tracking competing invitations, durations, setup, and associated logistics.
Ensure that the purpose and preparation requirements for scheduled activities are clear.
Trouble-shoot and resolve competing requirements.
Schedule and manage meeting logistics for executive team meetings.
Maintain the annual calendar for One Firm activities, and issue reminders for upcoming and follow up obligations.

Information Management

Gather, synthesize, and distribute preparatory information and direction for effective meeting preparation.
Manage and distribute information on outcomes and results from a variety of meetings.
Maintain records of key information over time and make them accessible as appropriate.

Resource and Advisor

Represent the firm in a professional manner in internal and external written and verbal communications.
Work with diverse contacts and collaborators including high-level clients, firm leadership, and colleagues to develop and refine content, solve problems, and address logistics.
Contribute advice and context for CEO and executive team deliberations.
Lead local and remote administrative team to collaborate with and support colleagues from departments across the firm.
Foster professional development for the administrative teams, and manage performance.

Qualifications

Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and ability to interact effectively with employees, consultants, clients and the public.
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, juggle multiple efforts, and respond with urgency when appropriate.
Experience successfully managing complex calendars with competing priorities.
A self-starter, comfortable working independently and asking questions.
Experience working in a service industry, with knowledge of architectural and engineering terminology a plus.
Enthusiastic collaborator with adaptability and resourcefulness in meeting objectives.
Good judgment, trustworthiness, and the ability to recognize the need for and maintain confidentiality and discretion.
Commitment to excellence, accuracy, and timely delivery  even under pressure.
Proficiency with Microsoft Office 365, Microsoft Teams, Deltek, Affinity, and a variety of remote collaboration software (including but not limited to Zoom and WebEx).
Commitment to contributing to a vibrant hybrid work environment
Bachelors degree preferred.
Quinn Evans is an equal opportunity employer, offering employment to qualified individuals regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, sexual orientationgender status, Veterans status, and disability. We are committed to diversity and inclusion and encourage women and diverse applicants to apply. 