About Quinn Evans
Quinn Evans is a nationally recognized award-winning architecture and design firm informed by the past to design our shared future. We are technical experts who act as caretakers, conveners, and listeners able to identify the solutions that will best serve the community and long-term life of a place.  Addressing the complex challenges of a variety of project types  from public sites, museums and visitor centers, civic, performing arts, educational, and hospitality, to multi-family housing - we bring expertise in cultural and sustainable stewardship to every decision in our projects and our practice.
Team building is critical to the Quinn Evans practice. We create better work and more fulfilling professional lives together through a culture that fosters constructive engagement with a diversity of staff, practice, client communities, and points of view.
Be a part of a collaborative and diverse team designing ways for places and people to thrive today and tomorrow. As one of the largest women-owned design practices in the country, Quinn Evans takes pride in our diverse team and workplace culture that emphasizes leadership, innovation, teamwork, and professional development. We offer competitive compensation, a supportive hybrid work environment, and opportunity to make a difference through work on unique and impactful projects.
Our commitment to contributing to and advancing our profession is reflected in sponsorship and team member leadership positions in the Association for Preservation Technology, membership in the Presidents Circle of the National Organization for Minority Architects (NOMA) and as a signatory of the 1.5C COP26 Communiqu.Job Description 
We are hiring a motivated and experienced Contract Administrator to join our administrative team.  The Contract Administrator will prepare, process, and monitor client and consultant contracts for Quinn Evans.  
Responsibilities  

Draft and revise a variety of contracts with clients and consultants. 
Prepare, review, edit, process, and monitor contracts. 
Manage and coordinate administration of contract activities. 
Ensure that all clarifications and amendments of negotiations are incorporated into final contracts. 
Assist with research and resolution of client and consultant questions.  
Assist with contract negotiation in conjunction with senior leaders and project managers. 
Ensure the organizations internal contract documents are accurate and well maintained. 
Generate, maintain, and audit contract data. 
Collaborate with senior leaders and project managers to ensure proper development and execution of contracts. 
Discuss both legal and business matters internally with project and senior leaders. 
Review and assess contract risks to ensure that contracts are consistent with established guidelines, policies, practices, and procedures. 
Maintain excellent working relationships with Quinn Evans team members, clients, and consultants to ensure their needs are met. 
Identify opportunities to improve business processes and devise plans to implement changes with executive team. 
Ensure that necessary procedural controls exist and are followed.  
Performs all job functions in compliance with applicable federal, state, and local regulations and Quinn Evans policies and procedures. 
Participate in professional and personal development aligned with career goals. 

Qualifications 

5 years of contract administration experience. 
Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Accounting, Finance, or Management 
Experience with Architecture, Construction, Engineering contracts preferred but not required. 
Experience with the federal contracting process and FAR preferred but not required. 
Solid knowledge and understanding of contract management.  
Strong skills with Microsoft Office Suite (i.e., Word, Excel) and contract management software (e.g., Deltek Vantagepoint).  
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.  
Strong organizational and prioritization skills.  
Team-oriented with strong capability to work independently.
Self-motivated with attention to detail.
Ability to manage multiple tasks and deadlines effectively. 
Solid understanding of contract law and contracts for construction and architecture preferred but not required. 
Capable of professionally managing confidential information 
Exemplify creative problem-solving skills and adaptability. 
Quinn Evans is an equal opportunity employer, offering employment to qualified individuals regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, sexual orientationgender status, Veterans status, and disability. We are committed to diversity and inclusion and encourage women and diverse applicants to apply. 