About Quinn Evans
Quinn Evans is a nationally recognized award-winning architecture and design firm informed by the past to design our shared future. We are technical experts who act as caretakers, conveners, and listeners able to identify the solutions that will best serve the community and long-term life of a place.  Addressing the complex challenges of a variety of project types  from public sites, museums and visitor centers, civic, performing arts, educational, and hospitality, to multi-family housing - we bring expertise in cultural and sustainable stewardship to every decision in our projects and our practice.
Team building is critical to the Quinn Evans practice. We create better work and more fulfilling professional lives together through a culture that fosters constructive engagement with a diversity of staff, practice, client communities, and points of view.
Be a part of a collaborative and diverse team designing ways for places and people to thrive today and tomorrow. As one of the largest women-owned design practices in the country, Quinn Evans takes pride in our diverse team and workplace culture that emphasizes leadership, innovation, teamwork, and professional development. We offer competitive compensation, a supportive hybrid work environment, and opportunity to make a difference through work on unique and impactful projects.
Our commitment to contributing to and advancing our profession is reflected in sponsorship and team member leadership positions in the Association for Preservation Technology, membership in the Presidents Circle of the National Organization for Minority Architects (NOMA) and as a signatory of the 1.5C COP26 Communiqu.Job Description
This position will work in connection with our Director of Technical Services. They will utilize knowledge of construction products, materials, and methods to write specifications for a variety of complex projects and building types, including education, cultural, multi-family residential, commercial, civic, and historic preservation projects. 
Responsibilities 
Produce project specific Project Manuals utilizing Quinn Evans standards.

Manage multiple projects and deadlines for various projects and delivery methods. 
Coordinate Project Manual efforts for architecture sections and consultant disciplines. 
Work with project teams to coordinate specifications and project specific Keynotes. 
Participate in all process meetings scheduled for assigned projects. 
Review in-progress drawings, ensuring complete and coordinated technical specifications. 
Propose continual development and improvement of Quinn Evans specification masters including its specialized content for project types or regional conditions as well as sustainable content, based on project work. 
Maintain awareness of industry reference standards, codes, products, and resources. 
Assist project architects with shop drawing and product substitution review. 
Assist with development of best practices for quality assurance and quality control on issues such as consistent terminology and coordination of drawings and specifications. 
Contribute to the development of best practices for specifications and share knowledge with Quinn Evans team. 
Support Sustainability goals of the firm. 
Function as a technical resource to the entire firm on materials, including research and recommendations for sustainable materials and systems being considered for inclusion into the specifications. 
Coordinate with internal engagement effortscommittees on specifications alignment with achieving firm sustainability goals related to low embodied carbon, low emitting materials, and other sustainability criteria.   

Qualifications

Bachelors Degree in Architecture, Construction, Engineering or related field. 
A minimum of 7 years related experience required; minimum of three (3) years of specifications writing experience strongly preferred. 
Professional licensure preferred, CDT certification, andor LEED accreditation preferred.
Must have excellent interpersonal, communication, teamwork, and collaboration skills.
Must be proficient in MS Office and MS Excel.
Proficiency in specifications software programs such as SpecLink Cloud and SpecBuilder Cloud preferred. 
Quinn Evans is an equal opportunity employer, offering employment to qualified individuals regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, sexual orientationgender status, Veterans status, and disability. We are committed to diversity and inclusion and encourage women and diverse applicants to apply. 