About Quinn Evans
Quinn Evans is a nationally recognized award-winning architecture and design firm informed by the past to design our shared future. We are technical experts who act as caretakers, conveners, and listeners able to identify the solutions that will best serve the community and long-term life of a place.  Addressing the complex challenges of a variety of project types  from public sites, museums and visitor centers, civic, performing arts, educational, and hospitality, to multi-family housing - we bring expertise in cultural and sustainable stewardship to every decision in our projects and our practice.
Team building is critical to the Quinn Evans practice. We create better work and more fulfilling professional lives together through a culture that fosters constructive engagement with a diversity of staff, practice, client communities, and points of view.
Be a part of a collaborative and diverse team designing ways for places and people to thrive today and tomorrow. As one of the largest women-owned design practices in the country, Quinn Evans takes pride in our diverse team and workplace culture that emphasizes leadership, innovation, teamwork, and professional development. We offer competitive compensation, a supportive hybrid work environment, and opportunity to make a difference through work on unique and impactful projects.
Our commitment to contributing to and advancing our profession is reflected in sponsorship and team member leadership positions in the Association for Preservation Technology, membership in the Presidents Circle of the National Organization for Minority Architects (NOMA) and as a signatory of the 1.5C COP26 Communiqu.
Job Description
Quinn Evans is looking for a talented and motivated Landscape Architect with strong design and technical skills to join our growing Richmond, Virginia office. This is a full-time position with opportunities for professional growth in a highly collaborative studio environment.  The work involves collaborating with an integrated team of architects, landscape architects, and interior designers on all phases of project planning and design, from client presentations and initial planning studies to construction administration.  The work is varied and rewarding, with an emphasis on educational, civic, and cultural projects such as schools, libraries, colleges, and universities.    The ideal candidate must be a collaborative team player, a communicator, and a problem-solver. They must be well-organized and attentive to detail.  A creative, inquisitive nature is essential, as is a strong professional work ethic.
Qualifications




Professional degree in Landscape Architecture from an accredited institution. 


3 to 5 years of professional experience that exhibits a steady growth in skills and responsibility. 


Excellent written, verbal, and visual communication skills. 


Proficiency in graphic visualization software such as Sketchup, Rhino, and the Affinity suite. Hand sketching and rendering skills are highly desirable. 


The ability to prepare graphic drawings and presentations, including concept diagrams, rendered technical drawings, and related 2D and 3D graphics. 


Experience preparing construction documents using Autodesk Revit or AutoCAD. 


Professional registration in the Commonwealth of Virginia or demonstrated progress toward registration in the near future.


Quinn Evans is an equal opportunity employer, offering employment to qualified individuals regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, sexual orientationgender status, Veterans status, and disability. We are committed to diversity and inclusion and encourage women and diverse applicants to apply. 