About Quinn Evans
Quinn Evans is a nationally recognized award-winning architecture and design firm informed by the past to design our shared future. We are technical experts who act as caretakers, conveners, and listeners able to identify the solutions that will best serve the community and long-term life of a place.  Addressing the complex challenges of a variety of project types  from public sites, museums and visitor centers, civic, performing arts, educational, and hospitality, to multi-family housing - we bring expertise in cultural and sustainable stewardship to every decision in our projects and our practice.
Team building is critical to the Quinn Evans practice. We create better work and more fulfilling professional lives together through a culture that fosters constructive engagement with a diversity of staff, practice, client communities, and points of view.
Be a part of a collaborative and diverse team designing ways for places and people to thrive today and tomorrow. As one of the largest women-owned design practices in the country, Quinn Evans takes pride in our diverse team and workplace culture that emphasizes leadership, innovation, teamwork, and professional development. We offer competitive compensation, a supportive hybrid work environment, and opportunity to make a difference through work on unique and impactful projects.
Our commitment to contributing to and advancing our profession is reflected in sponsorship and team member leadership positions in the Association for Preservation Technology, membership in the Presidents Circle of the National Organization for Minority Architects (NOMA) and as a signatory of the 1.5C COP26 Communiqu.Job Description
We are seeking a full-time Project ManagerSenior Architect with 12 years of experience leading a variety of projects across cultural, learning, and heritage practice areas involving both new construction and adaptive use renovations. The ideal candidate possesses excellent communication, design, technical, and organizational skills and is experienced in all phases of management, design and construction. The position will require working closely with project team members and principals to successfully produce and technically execute quality projects through the development of strong project planning and documents. Responsibilities:

Prime point of contact between the client and QE
Serves as the liaison to bring the schedule, budgets, and scope of work to completion and to the clients satisfaction. 
Estimates fees, determines scope of work, and prepares proposals and contracts.
Review established project schedules, determine resources required and ensure completion of plans as required to meet deadlines.
ResponsibleCoordinate all activities related to project scope, schedule, cost, quality, communications, project team assignments, procurement; optimize client customer service, quality and fiscal responsibility to ensure the most efficient and cost-effective execution of assigned projects. 
Has bottom line responsibility for the financial and technical success of the project.
Participates in project costing and bid preparation to the extent required.
Prepares strategic plans for project success.
Collaboratively implement design and building performance strategies to align with project design philosophies; actively participate in project team meetings
Provide design and technical development, project coordination, and quality control for all aspects of a project
Collaborate with and coordinate work from consultants to ensure integrated project documents that support project design and performance goals
Contribute to the preparation of quality design documents including detailed construction documents that result in complete submissions for all phases of a project and are compliant with design intent and project scope, schedule, and cost requirements
Maintain contact with clients, consultants, and contractors during all project phases and participate in marketing, client and owner presentations as required
Provide mentorship and guidance to other design and intern staff 

Qualifications:

Registered Architect, with a professional degree in Architecture and a minimum of 12 years of experience
Excellent communication skills in design, graphics, and presentation
Demonstrated leadership and experience working in project team environments
Experience participating and presenting in client meetings and sub-consultant coordination
Proficient with Microsoft Project and Microsoft Office; knowledge of Revit, Deltek, and Newforma a plus
Knowledge of Owner-Architect contract procedures and concepts.
Proven ability to manage complex teams and facilitate the integration of multiple disciplines.
Experience developing and managing project schedules, budgets, and teamwork plans.
Strong interpersonal skills with excellent written, verbal, and visual communication skills.
LEED credentials are a plus
Quinn Evans is an equal opportunity employer, offering employment to qualified individuals regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, sexual orientationgender status, Veterans status, and disability. We are committed to diversity and inclusion and encourage women and diverse applicants to apply. 