With 1,000 employees, over 250M in sales, 1,500 clients, and rapid year-over-year growth, Recorded Future is the worlds most advanced, and largest, intelligence company!Senior Director of Global Operations
We are looking for a Senior Director of Operations for  Recorded Futures Product Operations Engineering team in Gothenburg, Sweden. You will be joining and managing a global team of talented Operations Engineers and Infrastructure developers that share a common interest in distributed systems and work with all the exciting and tough problems that come with working with a rapidly growing big data site doing operations 247365 in the cloud. You will get a chance to manage and drive the team forward and foster relationships and collaboration with all other Engineering teams. 
Responsibilities 

The main responsibility is to execute and deliver on Operations related goals and deliverables and manage the Global Operations team. This includes infrastructure and hosting in the cloud and providing services to the various product teams as well as  SLAs and cost control. 
Lead the Global Operations organization through a team of leadership, coach the Managers in the organization on all staff management tasks for their respective groups. Staff Management of the leadership team, and has overall control of planning, staffing, budgeting. It includes performance reviews, team meetings, competence needs and recruitment. 
Incident Management  Problem Management - Drive and coordinate activities during production incidents and manage internal and external communication.
Communication - external and internal communication, structured, timely, task related status
Processes - collaborate on tune  define, document and implement processes, ensure the teams adherence to established processes

Activities

Drive and define the various functions across the Global Operations team. Set up an organizational structure to support the most efficient way of delivering results. 
Assess overall resources and competence needs. Assess gaps and build out recruitment plans to bridge the gaps. 
Engineering Lead for the Infrastructure  Operations area setting the overall priorities and resolving dependencies, priorities and resource conflicts across the product teams within the area. 
Head up the Steering Committee for the Infrastructure  Operations area with the respective leads from the product teams within the area. 
Strategic direction and goals - Set vision for the Infrastructure  Operations product area. Break down business strategy and goals to KPI and goals specific to the Infrastructure  Operations area.. 
Secure staffing of Global Operations members in Product  Teams across the Product  Engineering organization. 
Secure the 247365 production onduty rotation and upholding of the uptime SLAs 
Processes - Tune  define, document and implement processes supporting all services delivered within Global Operations. Approver of changes to methods or practices.
Budget - Own and follow up on Operations Budget incl AWS budget, provide input to overall RD budget
3rd party management (COGS licenses renewal, procurement, invoice approval and account management)

Deliverables

Infrastructure Roadmap, prioritized projects to meet business goals and objectives (uptimes, performance, security etc) 
Process documentation
Quarterly reports (follow up on Global Operations KPIs and OKRs)
Partner, employee and other contracts related to COGS
Performance reviews
Operations Budget and Recruitment plan

Requirements 

Recent experience in managing and leading a team of Engineers with focus on Product Operations
Recent experience in agile coaching  project management or task coordination
Previous or current experience in Product Operations and Infrastructure development including on call and maintaining business critical production environments
High level technology understanding in areas such as Cloud platforms and related technologies, Infrastructure automation, autoscaling, microservices 
Technology understanding in areas such as AWS Cloud platform and related technologies, Infrastructure automation (Chef, Ansible, or similar), autoscaling, microservices 
Experience with either or more of ElasticSearch, RabbitMQ, Consul, Vault, NoSQL databases as MongoDB is a plus
Ability to take initiatives and collaborate across teams in the Product  Engineering organization and other teams as relevant throughout the company 
Relevant education and experience

Why should you join Recorded Future?Recorded Future employees (or Futurists), represent over 40 nationalities and embody our core values of having high standards, practicing inclusion, and acting ethically. Our dedication to empowering clients with intelligence to disrupt adversaries has earned us a 4.8-star user rating from Gartner and 8 of the top 10 Fortune 100 companies as clients.
Want more info? Blog  Podcast: Learn everything you want to know (and maybe some things youd rather not know) about the world of cyber threat intelligenceInstagram  Twitter: Whats happening at Recorded FutureThe Record: The Record is a cybersecurity news publication that explores the untold stories in this rapidly changing fieldTimeline: History of Recorded FutureRecognition: Check out our awards and announcements

We are committed to maintaining an environment that attracts and retains talent from a diverse range of experiences, backgrounds and lifestyles.  By ensuring all feel included and respected for being unique and bringing their whole selves to work, Recorded Future is made a better place every day.If you need any accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to our recruiting team at careersrecordedfuture.com 
Recorded Future is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Recorded Future does not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.Recorded Future will not discharge, discipline or in any other manner discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because such employee or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the employee or applicant or another employee or applicant.