With 1,000 employees, over 250M in sales, 1,500 clients, and rapid year-over-year growth, Recorded Future is the worlds most advanced, and largest, intelligence company!Senior Program Manager - Intelligence Services Enablement 
The mission of the Intelligence Services Enablement team is to assist our Intelligence Services organization in driving client adoption, value realization and expansion, and in delivering a best in class client experience. We do this via services and programs that build the teams product knowledge and their ability to execute with confidence, consistency, and strategic mindset.
We are looking to hire a Senior Program Manager to help take our nascent enablement program to the next level by establishing and managing the delivery of enablement services to our internal customers, across the product knowledge and process execution domains. We are looking for someone whos knowledgeable and passionate about Recorded Future and our clients. We are equally interested in someone whos passionate about the power of well-designed and well-executed processes as a means to deliver unmatched value to our clients.
What Youll Do:

With a seat at Enablements leadership table, youll establish enablement priorities that are both qualitative and quantitative, inclusive of each teams unique needs (CSM, Consulting, Onboarding, other Services), and clearly driving toward the company and Intelligence Services orgs objectives.
Ensure our team is field ready by tracking and reporting on completion rates of mandatory trainings in our learning management software. 
Develop discrete enablement project plans relating to achieving global delivery and alignment of core engagement models across our CSM and Consulting teams. This will be done within schedule, aligning to learning objectives, with identified measurement outcomes per learning objective, and inclusive of specific training assets.

Examples, Success Plans, Technical Engagements (Consulting), Quarterly Intelligence Reviews, and more. 

Develop and deliver learning plans for live, deep learning sessions. These focus on 1-2 priorities per quarter and occur on a monthly basis. They enable the team with information, workflows, and aids to drive client adoption of these initiatives.  
Help scale our teams enablement practices and improve team efficiency by participating actively in technology evaluations and potentially aiding in their implementation

What Youll Bring:
Abilities 

4  years of program management experience
Experience developing and delivering enablement programs
Experience working in an LMS
Self-starter. Someone who can take a task and run with it to execution. 
Process-oriented 
Conflict resolution 
Goal-oriented 
Stakeholder management

Skills

Strong communication skills across all channels: Verbal, written, presentation. Skilled in adapting communication to match appropriate audiences. 
Strong organizational skills
Problem solving 

Knowledge

Expert knowledgeable about the Recorded Future Platform, its clients use cases, and problems it solves for
Why should you join Recorded Future?Recorded Future employees (or Futurists), represent over 40 nationalities and embody our core values of having high standards, practicing inclusion, and acting ethically. Our dedication to empowering clients with intelligence to disrupt adversaries has earned us a 4.8-star user rating from Gartner and 8 of the top 10 Fortune 100 companies as clients.
Want more info? Blog  Podcast: Learn everything you want to know (and maybe some things youd rather not know) about the world of cyber threat intelligenceInstagram  Twitter: Whats happening at Recorded FutureThe Record: The Record is a cybersecurity news publication that explores the untold stories in this rapidly changing fieldTimeline: History of Recorded FutureRecognition: Check out our awards and announcements

We are committed to maintaining an environment that attracts and retains talent from a diverse range of experiences, backgrounds and lifestyles.  By ensuring all feel included and respected for being unique and bringing their whole selves to work, Recorded Future is made a better place every day.If you need any accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to our recruiting team at careersrecordedfuture.com 
Recorded Future is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Recorded Future does not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.Recorded Future will not discharge, discipline or in any other manner discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because such employee or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the employee or applicant or another employee or applicant.