With 1,000 employees, over 250M in sales, 1,500 clients, and rapid year-over-year growth, Recorded Future is the worlds most advanced, and largest, intelligence company!We are looking for a Technical Cybersecurity Curriculum Developer to join our rapidly growing training team. In this collaborative role, you will work cross-functionally with stakeholders to design, create, and maintain an engaging and effective learning experience  for Recorded Future clients.
The primary responsibility of this role is to develop, create, adapt, and maintain training materials that drive client success. This role is part of the Intelligence Services organization and reports to the Instructional Design Manager, within the Training Team.
You will work with key stakeholders across the organization; including Product Management, Product Marketing Management, Customer Support, and other client-facing staff. Working together, you will identify client education needs, make recommendations, and drive education program execution.
What youll do as a Technical Curriculum Developer:

In coordination with stakeholder objectives, design, develop, and plan for training materials that address multiple learning styles and modalities of instruction (e.g content, application scenarios, and assessments).
Leverage in-depth knowledge of cybersecurity concepts to define learning objectives and outcomes.
Apply curriculum development best practices to create engaging content that assists in client success and retention.
Work cross-functionally with members of the Product Management team to ensure accuracy and real-world applicability 
Ensure content reflects the current state of the Recorded Future Platform and is consistent with brand and team design standards.
Utilize educational frameworks to design learning content for clients that include various assessment tools. 
Provide constructive feedback to team members and incorporate feedback from subject matter experts and team members.
Self-Identifies and executes on training initiatives with input from Instructional Design Manager.
Track task completion and communicate project status using project management software tools.
Coordinate training audit cycle and archive training materials in order to ensure training content accuracy and applicability.
Report on the effectiveness of training content utilizing organizational tools.
Create documentation outlining course structure, lesson objectives, and technical details.
Maintain accurate records of changes to curriculum, course updates, and version control. 
Communicate effectively with the team.

Qualifications 

3 years experience in designing and developing training cybersecurity materials or equivalent work experience
Excellent oral and written communication skills. Enjoys both working independently and collaborating as a team.
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Ability to think long term, and plan assets accordingly
Life-long learner with growth mindset
Passion for creating strong training design
Ability to independently problem solve and develop solutions

Preferred Qualifications

Previous experience in learning management system (LMS) administration 
Knowledge of adult learning principles and methodologies with focus on user experience
Familiarity with standard instructional systems development models, such as ADDIE 
Media production (audiovideographicsmotion graphics) experience preferred
Strong understanding of cybersecurity principles and passion for solving challenges
Expertise with the Articulate Suite of products, including Articulate Rise, Articulate Storyline, and Articulate Review.
Why should you join Recorded Future?Recorded Future employees (or Futurists), represent over 40 nationalities and embody our core values of having high standards, practicing inclusion, and acting ethically. Our dedication to empowering clients with intelligence to disrupt adversaries has earned us a 4.8-star user rating from Gartner and 8 of the top 10 Fortune 100 companies as clients.
Want more info? Blog  Podcast: Learn everything you want to know (and maybe some things youd rather not know) about the world of cyber threat intelligenceInstagram  Twitter: Whats happening at Recorded FutureThe Record: The Record is a cybersecurity news publication that explores the untold stories in this rapidly changing fieldTimeline: History of Recorded FutureRecognition: Check out our awards and announcements

We are committed to maintaining an environment that attracts and retains talent from a diverse range of experiences, backgrounds and lifestyles.  By ensuring all feel included and respected for being unique and bringing their whole selves to work, Recorded Future is made a better place every day.If you need any accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to our recruiting team at careersrecordedfuture.com 
Recorded Future is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Recorded Future does not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.Recorded Future will not discharge, discipline or in any other manner discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because such employee or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the employee or applicant or another employee or applicant.