With 1,000 employees, over 250M in sales, 1,500 clients, and rapid year-over-year growth, Recorded Future is the worlds most advanced, and largest, intelligence company!Recorded Futures Security Intelligence Solutions are used by our clients to stay on top of threats to their business. In our tools they can create alerts or search, analyze and process the cyber security information we are providing. The Applications team is responsible for building and continuously improving our web app, browser extension and mobile app. These apps are built on top of our immense dataset collected by other parts of the organization.
We work in cross functional delivery teams with developers, product managers, designers and QA working together to create efficient, great looking and useful products. 
For this role we are looking for a Java or Scala developer focusing on our web app. Your role will be to develop and deliver new features that improve the value of the product. You need to have an interest in making websites look good but the majority of your time will be spent in our backend.
Important traits you should have

Curious and engaged
Enthusiastic about expanding their skillset and are eager to embrace new challenges
Excellent communication skills
Believe that its an interesting challenge to work on a complex product

Responsibilities 

Code primarily using Java and Scala
Continuously design, develop backend services with focus on high availability, great quality, low latency and scalability
Measure and evaluate features and system metrics to continuously improve user experience and service performance
Be proactive, go beyond expectations

Requirements 

Scala
MongoDB
Kafka
RabbitMQ
ElasticSearch
Big Data 
LinuxUnixMacOS (Knowing your way around a CLI)
GraphQL
Ability to work all the way from high level architecture design down to efficient code
Be able to take initiatives and collaborate across teams
Relevant education or experience

Nice to have

React, Vue or Angular
Elasticsearch


Rest Services 

The applications team is based in central Gothenburg. In the normal world we sit in charming offices with open tile stoves and views over the rooftops of Gothenburg. We collaborate closely within the team and discuss solutions (big as well as small) frequently and happily across the ongoing deliveries.  We help and support each other in finding the right solution in an inquisitive and open way.
 
 
Why should you join Recorded Future?Recorded Future employees (or Futurists), represent over 40 nationalities and embody our core values of having high standards, practicing inclusion, and acting ethically. Our dedication to empowering clients with intelligence to disrupt adversaries has earned us a 4.8-star user rating from Gartner and 8 of the top 10 Fortune 100 companies as clients.
Want more info? Blog  Podcast: Learn everything you want to know (and maybe some things youd rather not know) about the world of cyber threat intelligenceInstagram  Twitter: Whats happening at Recorded FutureThe Record: The Record is a cybersecurity news publication that explores the untold stories in this rapidly changing fieldTimeline: History of Recorded FutureRecognition: Check out our awards and announcements

We are committed to maintaining an environment that attracts and retains talent from a diverse range of experiences, backgrounds and lifestyles.  By ensuring all feel included and respected for being unique and bringing their whole selves to work, Recorded Future is made a better place every day.If you need any accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to our recruiting team at careersrecordedfuture.com 
Recorded Future is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Recorded Future does not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.Recorded Future will not discharge, discipline or in any other manner discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because such employee or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the employee or applicant or another employee or applicant.