With 1,000 employees, over 250M in sales, 1,500 clients, and rapid year-over-year growth, Recorded Future is the worlds most advanced, and largest, intelligence company!Recorded Future is looking to recruit an Experienced International Payroll Lead to be responsible for the global payroll processing in 15 countries and growing, supporting the month-end close process, and implement best-in-class procedure, as well as drive process improvements and transformation to scale the back office function to meet the fast-paced growth of the organization. The role is based in London, UK.
Reporting directly to the Director of Finance, this exciting role will be a key member of the Accounting  Finance team. This individual will be a dynamic, detail oriented, and strategic partner for finance who is capable of collaborating across HR, Payroll, Finance functions, our outsourced payroll partners, as well as working independently. They will deliver structure, automation and strength to the international payroll function. They will be hands-on in its delivery, analytical and strategic in decision making, and self-driven to achieve project requirements.
The business is also looking at implementing a global payroll system and this role will be heavily involved in the successful implementation.
Job Responsibilities:

Perform all day-to-day Payroll processing for monthly global payroll, conducting payroll audits to ensure adherence to application policies and regulations.
Lead an international payroll solution implementation and transform the function
Resolve complex payroll processing  employee payroll issues to ensure smooth payroll processing. 
Ensure payroll reporting and payments are compliant with company policy  and all local regulations.
Create scalable infrastructure and consistency for International payroll processes and reporting through automation
Support Monthly and Quarterly close by reconciling international payroll accounts.
Review and implement process improvements for employee adherence to published TE policies and audits.
Develop, maintain, and execute an International Payroll Team checklist (including New Hires, Terms and Promotions). 
Support payroll audits for execution of statutory and US GAAP financial statements
Have a sound knowledge of international benefits and how they impact payroll
Any other tasks as assigned or required for the role

Desired Skills and Experience

Sound working knowledge of managing complex, global payrolls
Understand multi-jurisdiction payroll and tax withholding compliance obligations
Comfortable ensuring service levels are met whilst maintaining strong relationships and an accurate payroll function
Multi-jurisdiction transformation experience
Strong ability to prioritize and organize work effectively
Ability to collaborate  communicate effectively with internal partners on issues and provide recommendations
Possess excellent attention to detail; excellent analytical, and reconciliation skills
Advanced PC skills, specifically Excel spreadsheets, downloading, importing and exporting files and google suite. Experience with Workday and Netsuite a plus 
Ability to work independently and handle multiple projects and tight deadlines.
Strong problem solver, possessing the ability to see how the different pieces of the puzzle fit together
Ability to troubleshoot any issues that arise with the systems or data
Ability to work in a fast-paced and changing environment.
Why should you join Recorded Future?Recorded Future employees (or Futurists), represent over 40 nationalities and embody our core values of having high standards, practicing inclusion, and acting ethically. Our dedication to empowering clients with intelligence to disrupt adversaries has earned us a 4.8-star user rating from Gartner and 8 of the top 10 Fortune 100 companies as clients.
Want more info? Blog  Podcast: Learn everything you want to know (and maybe some things youd rather not know) about the world of cyber threat intelligenceInstagram  Twitter: Whats happening at Recorded FutureThe Record: The Record is a cybersecurity news publication that explores the untold stories in this rapidly changing fieldTimeline: History of Recorded FutureRecognition: Check out our awards and announcements

We are committed to maintaining an environment that attracts and retains talent from a diverse range of experiences, backgrounds and lifestyles.  By ensuring all feel included and respected for being unique and bringing their whole selves to work, Recorded Future is made a better place every day.If you need any accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to our recruiting team at careersrecordedfuture.com 
Recorded Future is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Recorded Future does not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.Recorded Future will not discharge, discipline or in any other manner discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because such employee or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the employee or applicant or another employee or applicant.