With 1,000 employees, over 250M in sales, 1,500 clients, and rapid year-over-year growth, Recorded Future is the worlds most advanced, and largest, intelligence company!The Role: In this position, you will be responsible for the core intelligence within the Recorded Future Intelligence Cloud. This includes identifying strategic data expansion opportunities, pursuing partnerships to obtain that data, and working with our data engineering teams to ingest and maximize value of the data. This includes working with the product management team, data engineering team, and other stakeholders to identify data opportunities, identifying potential vendors and technical solutions, evaluating new data sources, and writing detailed requirements.What makes this role unique is that you will sit in the middle of business development, data procurement, technical data evaluation, and strategic vision of the Intelligence Cloud. A successful person will have the cybersecurity knowledge to identify solutions, the business acumen to evaluate potential partnerships, the technical skills to evaluate data quality and integration points, and the self-starter spirit to make sure you are continually improving the product. 
What you will do as an Intelligence Sourcing Analyst:
Recorded Future Intelligence Cloud provides instant context into threat actors, their motivations, their capabilities, and their tactics to allow defenders to take action and protect their organization. This includes distilling actionable insights from over 1M sources including deep and dark web, open web, and technical feeds. 
In this role, you will:

Evaluate data gaps within the Recorded Future platform by working with Product Management, Threat Research, and others
Identify potential solutions including internally sourced data and commercial solutions from partners
Connect with data vendors  partners to obtain data samples
Technically evaluate the data samples 
Negotiate contracts with partners where required
Write detailed requirements for our data engineering teams to ingest the data
Monitor for successful data quality. Continuously tweak to improve value
Expected job distribution: 10 defining strategy for new data acquisition, 15 identifying data sources, 50 evaluating new data sources, and 25 working with data ingestion teams on detailed requirements

What you will bring to the role:

Experience working with threat intelligence data. Bonus for time as an analyst, threat hunting professional, red team, or similar background. 
Education: BS or MS in Cyber Security, Computer Science or related engineering field
Proven success working in detail with developers and customers
Hands-on technical skills working with APIs, data, and integrations. Experience writing python (or similar) scripts to pull data from an api, parse it, and analyze it
Organization, project management, and professional presentation skills
Love of problem solving. Motivated to move fast and deliver results!

Additional Information

Travel requirements 10 to customers, industry events, RD office in Sweden

Role is in-office hybrid schedule.Why should you join Recorded Future?Recorded Future employees (or Futurists), represent over 40 nationalities and embody our core values of having high standards, practicing inclusion, and acting ethically. Our dedication to empowering clients with intelligence to disrupt adversaries has earned us a 4.8-star user rating from Gartner and 8 of the top 10 Fortune 100 companies as clients.
Want more info? Blog  Podcast: Learn everything you want to know (and maybe some things youd rather not know) about the world of cyber threat intelligenceInstagram  Twitter: Whats happening at Recorded FutureThe Record: The Record is a cybersecurity news publication that explores the untold stories in this rapidly changing fieldTimeline: History of Recorded FutureRecognition: Check out our awards and announcements

We are committed to maintaining an environment that attracts and retains talent from a diverse range of experiences, backgrounds and lifestyles.  By ensuring all feel included and respected for being unique and bringing their whole selves to work, Recorded Future is made a better place every day.If you need any accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to our recruiting team at careersrecordedfuture.com 
Recorded Future is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Recorded Future does not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.Recorded Future will not discharge, discipline or in any other manner discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because such employee or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the employee or applicant or another employee or applicant.