With 1,000 employees, over 250M in sales, 1,500 clients, and rapid year-over-year growth, Recorded Future is the worlds most advanced, and largest, intelligence company!Are you a skilled Data Engineer with a passion for Python, ETL Pipelines, and Web Scraping? We plan on hiring in the near future and we want to hear from you! By joining our Talent Network and submitting your application, we can keep you updated when a suitable position becomes available.
About Recorded Future
Recorded Future is the worlds largest provider of intelligence for enterprise security. By combining persistent and pervasive automated data collection and analytics with human analysis, Recorded Future delivers intelligence that is timely, accurate, and actionable. Recorded Future is trusted by over 1,600 businesses and government organizations around the world.
About The Data Engineering Teams
Source Collections: We harvest data from over a million outside external sources (dark web, open source, technical sources, etc.). We do so by setting up robust data pipelines, using scraping technologies, and writing APIs.
Structured Data: We manage all technical cyber security data processing and analysis of structured data which represent direct output from our pipelines to our clients.
Data Curation and Quality: We turn data from the Source Collections and Structured Data teams into knowledge graphs that give customers critical security insights and actionable intelligence.
About Our Tech Stack: Python, Selenium, Beautifulsoup, AWS, Redshift, Jupyter, Flask, React, Dask, Git, Mongo, ElasticSearch, RabbitMQ,, Word2vec, Sckikit-learn, Fasttext, Spacy, Sentry, Kibana, Grafana, Prefect, InfluxDB
To stay up to date on whats happening at Recorded Future, make sure to follow our Linkedin page. If you want to learn more about careers at Recorded Future, visit our website at https:www.recordedfuture.comcareers.Why should you join Recorded Future?Recorded Future employees (or Futurists), represent over 40 nationalities and embody our core values of having high standards, practicing inclusion, and acting ethically. Our dedication to empowering clients with intelligence to disrupt adversaries has earned us a 4.8-star user rating from Gartner and 8 of the top 10 Fortune 100 companies as clients.
Want more info? Blog  Podcast: Learn everything you want to know (and maybe some things youd rather not know) about the world of cyber threat intelligenceInstagram  Twitter: Whats happening at Recorded FutureThe Record: The Record is a cybersecurity news publication that explores the untold stories in this rapidly changing fieldTimeline: History of Recorded FutureRecognition: Check out our awards and announcements

We are committed to maintaining an environment that attracts and retains talent from a diverse range of experiences, backgrounds and lifestyles.  By ensuring all feel included and respected for being unique and bringing their whole selves to work, Recorded Future is made a better place every day.If you need any accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to our recruiting team at careersrecordedfuture.com 
Recorded Future is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Recorded Future does not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.Recorded Future will not discharge, discipline or in any other manner discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because such employee or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the employee or applicant or another employee or applicant.