With 1,000 employees, over 250M in sales, 1,500 clients, and rapid year-over-year growth, Recorded Future is the worlds most advanced, and largest, intelligence company!About the Role: 
We must stay vigilant in this growing market; analyzing the competition is a constant source of market intelligence and competitive strategy. We are scaling our CI program and this role will be instrumental in leading this function. If you have a passion for understanding competitor strategies, creating compelling messages and driving product success, we want to hear from you.
What Youll Do as the Sr. Product Marketing Manager, CI
Competitive Analysis:

Conduct in-depth analysis of competitors products, strategies, and market positioning.
Track and monitor competitor announcements, product launches, and market moves.
Provide timely insights and recommendations to internal teams based on competitive findings.
Stay up-to-date with industry trends, customer preferences, and market dynamics.

Positioning and Messaging:

Develop and refine positioning and messaging based on competitive insights.
Ensure our messaging effectively highlights our unique differentiators in the market 
Manage our CI tool and keep it up to date so sales have access to the right information 

Sales Enablement:

Provide sales teams with competitive battle cards, collateral, and training materials.
Equip sales with the knowledge and tools to address competitive objections

Product Development Input:

Collaborate with product managers to influence product development decisions.
Share competitive insights to help shape product roadmaps and prioritize features.

Win-Loss Analysis:

Do quarterly win-loss analysis based on CRM and qualitative inputs from sales team  
Continue to refine approach to gather the right competitive insights from internal and external sources 

What Youll Bring as Sr. Product Marketing Manager, CI 

Bachelors degree in marketing, business, or a related field 
Proven experience in product marketing, with a focus on competitive intelligence.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to extract actionable insights from complex data.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Familiarity with competitive research techniques and tools.
Ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams.
Strong project management skills and attention to detail.
Self-motivated and able to work independently
Some experience and knowledge of Threat Intelligence andor security solutions is highly desired 
Why should you join Recorded Future?Recorded Future employees (or Futurists), represent over 40 nationalities and embody our core values of having high standards, practicing inclusion, and acting ethically. Our dedication to empowering clients with intelligence to disrupt adversaries has earned us a 4.8-star user rating from Gartner and 8 of the top 10 Fortune 100 companies as clients.
Want more info? Blog  Podcast: Learn everything you want to know (and maybe some things youd rather not know) about the world of cyber threat intelligenceInstagram  Twitter: Whats happening at Recorded FutureThe Record: The Record is a cybersecurity news publication that explores the untold stories in this rapidly changing fieldTimeline: History of Recorded FutureRecognition: Check out our awards and announcements

We are committed to maintaining an environment that attracts and retains talent from a diverse range of experiences, backgrounds and lifestyles.  By ensuring all feel included and respected for being unique and bringing their whole selves to work, Recorded Future is made a better place every day.If you need any accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to our recruiting team at careersrecordedfuture.com 
Recorded Future is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Recorded Future does not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.Recorded Future will not discharge, discipline or in any other manner discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because such employee or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the employee or applicant or another employee or applicant.