With 1,000 employees, over 250M in sales, 1,500 clients, and rapid year-over-year growth, Recorded Future is the worlds most advanced, and largest, intelligence company!Want to be part of shaping the future? Our breakthrough ability to unlock insights from the web radically improves intelligence and cyber threat visibility for our commercial customers. Were a high-energy, fast-paced, and fast-growing company. Youll need the ability to understand and adapt to rapid product and technology developments, as we improve our products in close partnership with customers. Youll have the support of a seasoned executive management team and world-class investors.
The Role: Youll work with our commercial sales team and deployment engineers in pre-sales situations to solve challenging problems at major corporations. Youll lead complex enterprise pilots and assist with deployment of our solutions to ensure success. You should have a combination of engineering skills, an analytic mindset and business savvy. A strong candidate will have some information security experience or a strong interest to learn.
Responsibilities:

Meet with prospective customers, understand requirements, field technical questions, and demonstrate capabilities
Plan and manage product proof of concept efforts
Develop sample use-cases and analytic demos
Address critical analytical, technical, and operational issues
Drive user adoption across a variety of use cases

Qualifications:

We want to see your work, interesting projects you have completed, your analysis experience, and your technical skills
Demonstrated success in pre-sales role preferred, but not required
Technical skills: Coding experience preferred (i.e. Python), JSON familiarity a plus
Experience in an analytical role (intelligence, military, cyber, business operations, etc.)
Ability to collaborate and communicate with technical and non-technical personnel from deep geeks to top execs
Cyber security or threat intelligence experience is a plus, with a background in one of the following areas:

SOCSIEM
Vulnerability Management
IRRed team
Threat Hunting  Research
Either product or operational experience

Willingness to travel at least 50 (in non-pandemic times)
Fluency in local language and English as well as excellent writing skills required
Why should you join Recorded Future?Recorded Future employees (or Futurists), represent over 40 nationalities and embody our core values of having high standards, practicing inclusion, and acting ethically. Our dedication to empowering clients with intelligence to disrupt adversaries has earned us a 4.8-star user rating from Gartner and 8 of the top 10 Fortune 100 companies as clients.
Want more info? Blog  Podcast: Learn everything you want to know (and maybe some things youd rather not know) about the world of cyber threat intelligenceInstagram  Twitter: Whats happening at Recorded FutureThe Record: The Record is a cybersecurity news publication that explores the untold stories in this rapidly changing fieldTimeline: History of Recorded FutureRecognition: Check out our awards and announcements

We are committed to maintaining an environment that attracts and retains talent from a diverse range of experiences, backgrounds and lifestyles.  By ensuring all feel included and respected for being unique and bringing their whole selves to work, Recorded Future is made a better place every day.If you need any accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to our recruiting team at careersrecordedfuture.com 
Recorded Future is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Recorded Future does not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.Recorded Future will not discharge, discipline or in any other manner discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because such employee or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the employee or applicant or another employee or applicant.