With 1,000 employees, over 250M in sales, 1,500 clients, and rapid year-over-year growth, Recorded Future is the worlds most advanced, and largest, intelligence company!The Role - Account Executive, Enterprise: In this position you will develop a U.S. territory, drive engagement and build relationships with new prospects, resulting in bookings and revenue attainment in excess of your goals.  Become a trusted advisor in the region for Recorded Future.
Responsibilities - Account Executive, Enterprise:

Drive net new business within assigned territory.
Identify and close multiple opportunities and projects at the same time, shape our enterprise business in your territory ensuring accurate overview and forecasts
Target, educate, and persuade new customers to use Recorded Future products and technologies in new and creative ways that benefit their business
Effectively engage with internal Sales Engineering, Channel, BDR and Marketing teams
Meet or exceed sales quota
Utilize CRM to forecast opportunities to closure 

What youll bring to the Account Executive, Enterprise role::

Experience in security software andor SaaS sales to the Fortune 500Global 1000
Experience selling into Enterprise organizations
Extensive experience working with technology channel partners including VARs and Integrators
Track record of success consistently exceeding overall goals in security technology sales
Entrepreneurial drive and ability to sell creative solutions into new accounts
Confidence and track record building a new territory
Comfortable calling at the senior executive level
Highly effective written, presentation, and closing skills
Ability to travel extensively
Dynamic, high-energy self-starter
Experience with information security or threat intelligence a plus

 
The base salary range for this full-time position is 120,000-170,000.  Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by state, work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. This position may be eligible for incentive compensation, equity, and medical, dental, vision, life insurance and 401K. Your recruiter can share more about the specific details of the compensation  and benefit package during the hiring process.
LI-RemoteWhy should you join Recorded Future?Recorded Future employees (or Futurists), represent over 40 nationalities and embody our core values of having high standards, practicing inclusion, and acting ethically. Our dedication to empowering clients with intelligence to disrupt adversaries has earned us a 4.8-star user rating from Gartner and 8 of the top 10 Fortune 100 companies as clients.
Want more info? Blog  Podcast: Learn everything you want to know (and maybe some things youd rather not know) about the world of cyber threat intelligenceInstagram  Twitter: Whats happening at Recorded FutureThe Record: The Record is a cybersecurity news publication that explores the untold stories in this rapidly changing fieldTimeline: History of Recorded FutureRecognition: Check out our awards and announcements

We are committed to maintaining an environment that attracts and retains talent from a diverse range of experiences, backgrounds and lifestyles.  By ensuring all feel included and respected for being unique and bringing their whole selves to work, Recorded Future is made a better place every day.If you need any accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to our recruiting team at careersrecordedfuture.com 
Recorded Future is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Recorded Future does not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.Recorded Future will not discharge, discipline or in any other manner discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because such employee or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the employee or applicant or another employee or applicant.