With 1,000 employees, over 250M in sales, 1,500 clients, and rapid year-over-year growth, Recorded Future is the worlds most advanced, and largest, intelligence company!In this role, you will build pipelines for extracting and transforming massive quantities of data, and what you build will become part of our Security Intelligence graph to help our clients stay protected. You will join a team of motivated people working on a tough problem, and help us shine a light into the dark corners of the internet.
This is a full time opportunity approximately 40 hours per week from January 2024 through MayJune 2024.
What youll do as a Data Engineering Intern:

You will develop, productionalize and maintain product fueling applications.
Create programmatic and monitored data processing programs to distill valuable insights out of massive data sets.
Maintain and upgrade existing data scoring, alerting and signaling systems.
Help craft technical project plans with our product team
Collaborate with senior engineers through design reviews, code reviews, pair programming, and other software engineering best practice collaboration.

What you should bring to the Data Engineering Intern:

Attention to detail: You take pride in the quality of your work.
You are comfortable writing scalable, resilient production-grade data processing infrastructure in python. Your debugging skills are pragmatic and strong.
Data skills: You are comfortable working with large, complex data structures. You have experience transforming large datasets in python, querying with elastic search (MongoDB) and developing corresponding APIs.
Excellent communication: Your clarity of thought is always apparent in your crisp and articulate emails, Slack chats, phone calls, and in-person conversations.
Why should you join Recorded Future?Recorded Future employees (or Futurists), represent over 40 nationalities and embody our core values of having high standards, practicing inclusion, and acting ethically. Our dedication to empowering clients with intelligence to disrupt adversaries has earned us a 4.8-star user rating from Gartner and 8 of the top 10 Fortune 100 companies as clients.
Want more info? Blog  Podcast: Learn everything you want to know (and maybe some things youd rather not know) about the world of cyber threat intelligenceInstagram  Twitter: Whats happening at Recorded FutureThe Record: The Record is a cybersecurity news publication that explores the untold stories in this rapidly changing fieldTimeline: History of Recorded FutureRecognition: Check out our awards and announcements

We are committed to maintaining an environment that attracts and retains talent from a diverse range of experiences, backgrounds and lifestyles.  By ensuring all feel included and respected for being unique and bringing their whole selves to work, Recorded Future is made a better place every day.If you need any accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to our recruiting team at careersrecordedfuture.com 
Recorded Future is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Recorded Future does not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.Recorded Future will not discharge, discipline or in any other manner discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because such employee or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the employee or applicant or another employee or applicant.