With 1,000 employees, over 250M in sales, 1,500 clients, and rapid year-over-year growth, Recorded Future is the worlds most advanced, and largest, intelligence company!In order for Recorded Future to achieve its goals, and scale to a multi billion-dollar valued public company, it is critical that the proper leadership exist at the top of the company as it scales. It is our objective to identify and secure a world-class Vice President of Financial Planning  Analysis to partner with the companys CFO and senior leadership team to oversee the companys annual budget and quarterly planning process, drive strategic initiatives in partnership with our RD and GTM organizations, and support the execution of IPO preparation workstreams alongside the Legal and Finance leadership team. This person must be a hands-on and respected executive who brings experience scaling the FPA function inside a high growth, publicly traded, SaaS organization.
What youll do as Vice President of FPA

Lead the team that is responsible for delivering the companys annual budget, revenue forecasting and Board reporting. 
In collaboration with the CFO, senior financial and senior management team, ensure that long-term strategies are woven into actionable quarterly, annual, and long-term plans. 
Continue the development of major financial objectives and policies for the company and oversee the preparation of reports that outline the companys financial position for all stakeholders, including the Board of Directors, investors, management, and employees. 
Refinement and roll-out of unit economics framework and company operating metrics to track performance and drive strategic investment.
Develop insightful analysis of key industry trends, emerging areas of opportunity, and the competitive and regulatory landscapes and inform the organization of the strategic implications.
Drive strategic finance initiatives around IPO preparation work-streams. 

What youll bring as Vice President of FPA

Strong day one understanding of SaaS metrics, analytics and accounting essential. Previous experience as an FPA leader coming from a high growth environment in a publicly traded SaaS business required.
Must be capable of leading an FPA function that contributes both day-to-day tactical goals and long-range strategic planning.
Capable of building trust with the team by providing timely, proactive and effective forecasts along with a high level of service to both the senior leadership team and the board of directors to aid in decision making.
Continue to develop the financial infrastructure and discipline of the company required to ensure compliance with all regulatory requirements. 
Excellent presentation and communication skills are critical. This individual must be an effective speaker for and representative of the company to investors, and other outside parties. 
Strong hands-on experience is also critical. This individual should be able to be successful in environments which are entrepreneurial in nature, quick moving and in many cases, require this persons direct efforts.  A strong analytical mindset and capacity for data is very important.
Comfortable operating autonomously at the functional and strategic levels, with the ability to align the company around key outcomes to drive impact.
Accountability for your own actions and behaviors, and a willingness to do the hard work to support of our ambitious mission, vision  financial goals.
Strong commercial instincts, and direct experience leading in an entrepreneurial, high growth environment.
Analytically excellent, and able to leverage quantitative excellence to drive both growth and cost strategies.
Why should you join Recorded Future?Recorded Future employees (or Futurists), represent over 40 nationalities and embody our core values of having high standards, practicing inclusion, and acting ethically. Our dedication to empowering clients with intelligence to disrupt adversaries has earned us a 4.8-star user rating from Gartner and 8 of the top 10 Fortune 100 companies as clients.
Want more info? Blog  Podcast: Learn everything you want to know (and maybe some things youd rather not know) about the world of cyber threat intelligenceInstagram  Twitter: Whats happening at Recorded FutureThe Record: The Record is a cybersecurity news publication that explores the untold stories in this rapidly changing fieldTimeline: History of Recorded FutureRecognition: Check out our awards and announcements

We are committed to maintaining an environment that attracts and retains talent from a diverse range of experiences, backgrounds and lifestyles.  By ensuring all feel included and respected for being unique and bringing their whole selves to work, Recorded Future is made a better place every day.If you need any accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to our recruiting team at careersrecordedfuture.com 
Recorded Future is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Recorded Future does not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.Recorded Future will not discharge, discipline or in any other manner discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because such employee or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the employee or applicant or another employee or applicant.