Is this you?
Are you a brand copywriter in the field of advertising and marketing? A master of language and champion of active voice? You can shift brand tone depending on your target audience and get excited about a good creative brief.  You have follow-through and are a loyal team player. You are self-motivated, solution-oriented, and possess superior communication and time management skills.
Were looking for a Copywriter to join our team. Copywriters are members of the Creative team who want to learn, share, collaborate, and grow.
What Youll Need:

Bachelors degree in English or related field
4-6 years in a related Copywriting role
Experience with digital advertising, including email, social, landing pages, etc.
Ability to balance multiple projects at once
Agency experience a plus
Experience writing in the pharma or tech space a plus

What Youll Do

Produce copy deliverables that are on strategy and on brand; present copy work to internal teams; work within budget, timeline, and scope; and ensure the best quality of creative is produced from our team.
Participate in conceptual brainstorming and content strategy development.
Collaborate with other team members on content strategy and messaging goals.
Provide messaging recommendations to fulfill on content strategy through the lens of the brand voice.

Red Door Interactive is an Equal Opportunity Employer Celebrating the Diversity of our Employees, Our Clients, and the Work We Do!This is the hiring range for the role based out of our San Diego HQ. This range may differ based on your geographic location, cost of living considerations, and individual experience and skill set. Hiring Range60,000—72,000 USDRed Doors Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
When work resonates with people in a wide range of industries, geographies, and cultures, we all win. To create impactful work together, we nurture an inclusive environment that invites diverse voices and empowers our people to contribute their whole selves to our craft.