Content Marketing Strategist 
As a seasoned content strategist with enterprise-level experience, you are adept at creating and executing customer-driven, search-optimized organic content strategies across multiple channels, including websites, email, and social media. You have a data-driven approach, blended with a creative flair, to build unique strategies that engage target audiences to meet business objectives. You should possess cross-channel expertise in the digital marketing landscape, enabling effective collaboration with other activation teams to develop strong, compelling marketing programs. 
What Youll Need: 

5 years as a content strategist or content marketing lead, or another relevant role. 
Proven background in developing successful cross-channel content strategies that improve organic growth for brands. 


Expertise in planning, writing, optimizing and repurposing content across various owned channels for B2B and B2C audiences. 
Ability to use data sources (GA4, Sprout, Salesforce) to analyze raw data into actionable insights that guide strategies.  
Basic SEO and content UX knowledge for content planning and creation. 
Experience managing client relationships, adhering to budget constraints, identifying new business opportunities, and presenting deliverables to clients. 
A collaborative approach and interest in mentoring and training junior team members, as well as building relationships cross-functionally with peers. 

What Youll Do: 

Lead digital content strategies that marry audience goals with business objectives, emphasizing content marketing initiatives to improve connections with core audiences. 
Guide the development of high-quality compelling content that incorporates brand, business goals, audience insights, personas, keywords, core messaging themes, and creative direction for a variety of clients. 
Manage client pods of other content subject matter experts (coordinators, specialists, writers) to ensure high-quality output (in terms of style, voice, tone across channels) and adherence to deadlines. 
Work collaboratively with business managers and cross-channel strategists (paid media, creative) to create integrated marketing strategies. 
Execute channel-specific reporting for organic content programs to inform strategic direction with data-backed insights. 
Stay up to date on industry trends within search, UX, social, market research, and other general updates and apply this information to ongoing content strategies. 
Support the ongoing evolution of our Social and Content Department by disseminating thought leadership within Red Door, our clients, and broader industry. 

Nice to Have: 

B2B and B2C expertise in healthcare, higher ed, SAAS, or another relevant industry. 


Prior agency experience in a similar role. 
Experience integrating organic initiatives with paid strategies.  
Familiarity with specific website strategy deliverables: Information Architecture, Content Specifications, User Journeys. 
This is the hiring range for the role based out of our San Diego HQ. This range may differ based on your geographic location, cost of living considerations, and individual experience and skill set. Hiring Range80,000—85,000 USDRed Doors Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
When work resonates with people in a wide range of industries, geographies, and cultures, we all win. To create impactful work together, we nurture an inclusive environment that invites diverse voices and empowers our people to contribute their whole selves to our craft.