Tucows (NASDAQ:TCX, TSX:TC) is possibly the biggest Internet company youve never heard of. We started as a simple shareware site in 1993 and have grown into a stable of businesses; mobile, internet and domains.
We embrace a people-first philosophy that is rooted in respect, trust, and flexibility. We believe that whatever works for our employees is what works best for us. Its also why the majority of our roles are remote-first, meaning you can work from anywhere you can connect to the internet!
Today, close to a thousand people work in over 16 countries to help us make the Internet better. If this sounds exciting to you, join the herd!
About the role
Customer Service Advisors at Tucows are the first and only point of contact for our customers.
Our focus is on customer service. That means talking on the phone with customers for hours on end, the continual pressure that comes from the non-stop flow of questions. We seek out individuals who understand and embrace this, and weve built a team of Customer Service Careerists who thrive in these conditions.
Our customers are resellers of our domains, hosted email, and website security products. These customers range from small businesses who use our reseller interface to host their customers domains to large corporations who integrate with our backend systems. These customers will come to us for support every step of the way! For example, their customers may need help navigating issues with their customers email not sendingreceiving, billing issues, help integrating with our API, configuring SSL certificates, as well as understanding all of the variances with different domain extensions (such as .com and .ca).
We love to delight our customers and will help see all of their support inquiries through to resolution each time.
What youll be doing:

Provide direct assistance to our customers (external and internal) and work with them to resolve their concerns via Voice, Email and Chat.
Own each help request, treating each customer with the utmost care, realness, integrity and timeliness.
Document relevant details to help customers and your colleagues with future requests.
Search our knowledgebase, training materials and rely on the experience of colleagues, seniors and managers to seek solutions.
Raise widespread issues or patterns through defined channels.
Tailor your communications to match your customers skill level and conversational style.
Assist Customers on a broad spectrum of website troubleshooting, Linux system administration, Wordpress, and email setuptroubleshooting. 

What youll bring:

This is a fast-paced and customer-centric role - you will need to show persistence, calm and control under sometimes stressful conditions
You are highly organized, quality-minded and able to focus on detail.
Our most successful Advisors are warm, friendly, upbeat, put a premium on communication, establishing rapport with our customers and other employees and prize helping other people.
You understand our customers needs and make sure that they have the services that fit for them - whether for existing or potential customers.
You can collaborate and share, not only with your peers but with everyone you work with.
You arent afraid to ask questions when you dont know or dont understand and you have the ability integrating those answers into a growing understanding of the technical environments your customers work in.
You have strong critical thinking skills and an ability to quickly resolve issues based on experience and information provided while maintaining a positive customer experience.
You have a good understanding of Inter-networking including switches, routers, servers, cables, racks, Firewalls, LAN, WAN, TCPIP, DNS, latency, etc.
You have working knowledge of Linux.
You must have experience working in the web hosting industry and experience with cPanel.
You have an understanding of server hardware, setups, and common hosting services.
You must have an understanding of DNS, SSL, SMTP, IMAP, POP, and HTML. 

Nice to have:

Experience with WHMCS would be a plus
Ability to flex your working hours depending on need - we are a 24x7 Support Team LI-NA1 L1-Remote

The hourly pay for this position is based on an annualized range of 44,820.00 - 49,800.00. Range shown in CAD for Canadian residents. Other countries will differ. Range may vary on a number of factors including, but not limited to: location, experience and qualifications. Tucows believes in a total rewards offering that includes fair compensation and generous benefits. Learn more about Tucows Benefits.
Want to know more about what we stand for? At Tucows we care about protecting the open Internet, narrowing the digital divide, and supporting fairness and equality.
We also know that diversity drives innovation. We are committed to inclusion across race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. We celebrate multiple approaches and diverse points of view.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
Learn more about Tucows, our culture and employee benefits on our site here.