Ting Internet is a leading fiber Internet provider in the United States, delivering future-proof internet in over a dozen Ting Towns across the country.
We are rapidly growing our footprint, and with a national focus on better infrastructure, we dont expect to slow down anytime soon!
As part of Tucows (NASDAQ:TCX, TSX:TC), Ting is backed by outstanding resources and talent. We embrace a people-first philosophy that is rooted in respect, trust, and flexibility. We believe that whatever works for our employees is what works best for us. Its also why the majority of our roles are remote-first, meaning you can work from anywhere you can connect to the internet!
The work we do genuinely changes lives. If this sounds exciting, wed love to hear from you! 
About the opportunity
As the Director, Regional Construction and Operations, you will be responsible for all aspects of construction, operations, and partner relationships, including managing and growing a construction division and team in support of an active and growing pipeline in a specific region. Additionally, you will lead all planning, directing, resource allocation, staffing, program and project management.
What youll be doing:

Supervise Construction Project Management - Take charge of construction planning, prediction, scheduling, and projectprogram management. Oversee both short and long-term construction projects to align with organizational goals.
Evaluate potential or existing sites or structures for developmentconstruction potential.
Develop plans for new-build, renovation, or relocation projects, solicit and review bids, select and negotiate with contractors, and assist with the contracting process.
Offer oversight to multiple Construction and Operations Managers.
Lead and direct the work of other employees and have responsibility for personnel actions including hiring, performance management, and termination.
Partner Relationships  Initiate comms and consistency with partners via on-site visits, GVCs, and formal communications with the goal of developing strong partner relationships.
GovernmentalMunicipal Engagements - Cooperate to facilitate expansion, permitting, and issue resolution. Forming connections that enable smooth expansion into neighboring cities.
Vendor Relationships  Management  Build vendor management and compliance requirements, SOWContract compliance (refresh where needed), program readiness.
Contribute to the strategic planning, direction, and goal setting for the department or function in collaboration with senior management.
Cross-functionally establish and govern to departmental policies, practices, and procedures that have a significant impact on the organization.

What youll bring:

15 years managing residential fiber deployment and front-line customer facing team members or equivalent.
Experience growing and scaling teams in a high growth environment through strong hiring and talent retention.
Success in effectively overseeing and finalizing extensive, multi-year construction agreements.
FTTH Outside plant construction and maintenance experience.
Proven vendor and materials management experience.
Strong stakeholder management skills.
Excellent leadership skills, entrepreneurial spirit and communication skills.
Knowledge of last mile operationsdelivery models.
Experience with Order management tools.
Strong at Conflict resolution and de-escalation.
Advanced problem-solving skills.
Managing to and being accountable for metrics.

A little more about you:

Understanding and familiarity with the most effective practices in managing FTTH construction projects.
Familiarity in using Google Suites.
Strong business acumen preferred.
PMP certification or equivalent preferred.

The base salary range for this position is 148,840 - 175,100. Range shown in USD for US residents. Other countries will differ. Range may vary on a number of factors including, but not limited to: location, experience and qualifications. Tucows believes in a total rewards offering that includes fair compensation and generous benefits. Learn more about Tucows Benefits. Tucows and its subsidiaries participate in the E-verify program for all US employees.
As a safety sensitive position, Tucows reserves the right to administer pre-employment drug testing for illegal drug use for those successful candidates presented with an offer of employment for consideration.
Want to know more about what we stand for? At Ting and Tucows we care about protecting the open Internet, narrowing digital divide, and supporting fairness and equality.
We also know that diversity drives innovation. We are committed to inclusion across race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. We celebrate multiple approaches and diverse points of view.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
Learn more about Tucows, our culture and employee benefits on our site here.
LI-CO1                 