Wavelo is a SaaS business on a mission to make telecoms a breeze.
We provide flexible software that modernizes how communication service providers (CSPs) do business, helping them drive more value, focus on customer experience, and scale their operations faster.
Whats New at Tucows
As part of Tucows (NASDAQ:TCX, TSX:TC)—one of the worlds largest Internet services companies—Wavelo is backed by outstanding resources and talent. We embrace a people-first philosophy that is rooted in respect, trust, and flexibility. We believe that whatever works for our employees is what works best for us. Its also why the majority of our roles are remote-first, meaning you can work from anywhere you can connect to the Internet!
The work we do genuinely changes lives. If this sounds exciting, wed love to hear from you!
About the Opportunity
The Director, Product Marketing, will play a critical role in crafting a compelling story about Wavelos products to drive growth. In this role, youll work closely with product, sales, and marketing to communicate insights about the market, customers, and competition. Youll be responsible for Wavelos positioning in an ever-evolving market. Your insights will guide the product roadmap, communications and sales strategy.
Key Responsibilities:

Communicate the value of Wavelos products to potential customers, clients, and partners.
Conduct primary and secondary research on the market to understand who our customers are, how they buy, and their key decision-making criteria.
Conduct primary and secondary market research on competitors to deepen understanding of Wavelos product positioning in various segments of the market.
Collaborate with product management and marketing communications to ensure marketing messaging regarding Wavelos products is accurate and presented in a compelling manner across all channels and marketing assets to our target audience.
Collaborate with sales and product teams to oversee customer feedback and recommend potential improvements to the product to support additional growth.
Partner with sales enablement to develop and deliver sales training materials.
Support the sales process in responding to RFIPs.
Leverage market and product knowledge to continually improve marketing collateral and assets, such as presentations, demos, interactive tools, and videos.
Lead the product launch strategy process, ensuring cross-functional coordination and alignment.
Participate in trade shows and speaking engagements as the primary thought leader for Wavelos products.
Organize and lead user groups.

Qualifications Required: 

8 years of product marketing experience in the telecommunications industry, with emphasis on mobile and broadband products and OSSBSS.
Strong presentation skills and comfortable speaking in front of groups or executives; experience presenting to customers and prospects.
Strong writing skills.
Strong problem-solving skills; comfortable with ambiguity.
Pragmatic Institute Certified (PMC) III or higher is preferred. LI-NA1

The base salary range for this position is 190,980 - 212,200. Range shown in USD for US residents. Other countries will differ. Range may vary on a number of factors including, but not limited to: location, experience and qualifications. Tucows believes in a total rewards offering that includes fair compensation and generous benefits. Learn more about Tucows Benefits.
Tucows and its subsidiaries participate in the E-verify program for all US employees.
Want to know more about what we stand for? At Wavelo and Tucows we care about protecting the open Internet, narrowing the digital divide, and supporting fairness and equality.
We also know that diversity drives innovation. We are committed to inclusion across race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. We celebrate multiple approaches and diverse points of view.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
Learn more about Tucows, our businesses, culture and employee benefits on our site here.