Wavelo is a new software business thats on a mission to make telecom a breeze.
We provide flexible software that modernizes how communication service providers (CSPs) do business, helping them drive more value, focus on customer experience, and scale their operations faster.
As part of Tucows (NASDAQ:TCX, TSX:TC) —a global leader in internet services and SaaS platforms— Wavelo is backed by outstanding resources and talent. We embrace a people-first philosophy that is rooted in respect, trust, and flexibility. We believe that whatever works for our employees is what works best for us.
The work we do genuinely changes lives. If this sounds exciting, wed love to hear from you!
About the opportunity:
As a Response Manager, you are responsible for optimally leading the incident management process to its resolution and restoring our companys IT service operations with minimal disruption. In this role, you will log and categorize recurring incidents to develop ways to improve incident management protocols.
The Response Manager will focus on planning for incident prevention, prediction, and management with the goal of maintaining service availability and performance at the highest possible levels before, during, and after any disaster-level incidents.
To succeed in this position, you ideally have an aptitude for picking up new technologies, are a strong problem-solver and can keep a cool head and steady hand during significant incidents.
This is a part-time position requiring 20 hours per week. 
What youll be doing:

Oversee and maintain the incident management process.
Respond to a reported service incident, identify the cause, and initiate the process on a 247 on-call basis. 
Prioritize incidents according to their level of urgency and impact on the business. 
Collaborate with the Response team to ensure that all incident protocols are diligently followed.
Log all incidents and their resolution to identify recurring incidents. 
Enable continual refinement of the incident process as needed to optimize efficiency. 
Take charge of communications to executive leadership regarding significant issues in Wavelos system. 
Conduct learning review meetings and create root cause analysis documents for internal and customer-facing incidents. 

What you bring:

2 to 4 years of demonstrated ability working in IT service management, or a similar role.
Strong knowledge of IT Service Management Practices.
Experience working with IT monitoring systems and software such as Grafana, Zabbix, etc.
Willingness to embrace DevOps practices  methodologies.
Excellent written communication skills, able to distill complex technology scenarios into clear and easy-to-understand decisions, actions and consequences.
Technical knowledge of supporting systems built in LinuxUnix operating systems, Cloud (public and private) environments and technologies.
Experience supporting highly available and fault-tolerant distributed systems.
A strong problem solver who effectively applies problem analysis methodologies.
Strong Documentation skills to create standard operating procedures and incident reports. LI-NA1

Tucows and its subsidiaries participate in the E-verify program for all US employees.
Want to know more about what we stand for? At Wavelo and Tucows we care about protecting the open Internet, narrowing the digital divide, and supporting fairness and equality.
We also know that diversity drives innovation. We are committed to inclusion across race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. We celebrate multiple approaches and diverse points of view.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
Learn more about Tucows, our culture and employee benefits on our site here.