Ting Internet is a leading fiber Internet provider in the United States, delivering future-proof internet in over a dozen Ting Towns across the country.
We are rapidly growing our footprint, and with a national focus on better infrastructure, we dont expect to slow down anytime soon!
As part of Tucows (NASDAQ:TCX, TSX:TC), Ting is backed by outstanding resources and talent. We embrace a people-first philosophy that is rooted in respect, trust, and flexibility. We believe that whatever works for our employees is what works best for us. Its also why the majority of our roles are remote-first, meaning you can work from anywhere you can connect to the internet!
The work we do genuinely changes lives. If this sounds exciting, wed love to hear from you! 
About the opportunity
The Construction Program Manager in our networks group will be responsible for establishing new markets, handling competing priorities, managing ambiguity, and excelling in communication with external parties, senior management, and cross-functional teams, all while prioritizing value creation and adhering to operational norms.
What youll be doing:

Managing construction projects in multiple citiestowns: Youll oversee projects across various locations, collaborating with multiple teams to ensure timeliness and cost efficiency, tackling issues as they arise.
Help establish and manage construction processes and systems, from permits to inventory, for success.
Collaborating across teams to launch new markets, involving property sourcing, equipment acquisition, employee onboarding, and more.
As the Networks departments market expert, youll guide strategy and troubleshoot cross-departmental issues, fostering collaborative relationships for informed decision-making.

What youll bring:

7 years fiber infrastructure construction management
Strong knowledge of FTTH architecture, design, and construction
Experience leading complex programs with a delivery culture, including scaling up scope and scale of program teams.
CAPEX and OPEX budget development and stewardship
Civil construction management practices with municipal, county, and state agencies

A little more about you:

PMP certification or equivalent
Advanced schedule and budget management skills with both internal and external stakeholders
Ability to proactively identify, mitigate and resolve risks and issues across the organization
Comfortable initiating, managing and solidifying process and playbook changes while continuing to deliver on production goals
Ability to provide accurate forecasts of performance to relevant business partners.

The base salary range for this position is 101,000 - 110,000. Range shown in USD for US residents. Other countries will differ. Range may vary on a number of factors including, but not limited to: location, experience and qualifications. Tucows believes in a total rewards offering that includes fair compensation and generous benefits. Learn more about Tucows Benefits.
As a safety sensitive position, Tucows reserves the right to administer pre-employment drug testing for illegal drug use for those successful candidates presented with an offer of employment for consideration.
Tucows and its subsidiaries participate in the E-verify program for all US employees.
Want to know more about what we stand for? At Ting and Tucows we care about protecting the open Internet, narrowing digital divide, and supporting fairness and equality.
We also know that diversity drives innovation. We are committed to inclusion across race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. We celebrate multiple approaches and diverse points of view.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
Learn more about Tucows, our culture and employee benefits on our site here.
LI-CO