Tucows (NASDAQ:TCX, TSX:TC) is possibly the biggest Internet company youve never heard of. We started as a simple shareware site in 1993 and have grown into a stable of businesses; mobile, internet and domains.
We embrace a people-first philosophy that is rooted in respect, trust, and flexibility. We believe that whatever works for our employees is what works best for us. Its also why the majority of our roles are remote-first, meaning you can work from anywhere you can connect to the internet!
Today, close to a thousand people work in over 16 countries to help us make the Internet better. If this sounds exciting to you, join the herd. 
About the Opportunity:
As the Corporate Controller - Shared Services Finance, you will report directly to the VP, Finance and be responsible for consolidation and corporate accounting of the Companys shared services - including Finance, Legal, People, Data, Information Technology, Infrastructure, and Information Security teams. In this role, you will get the opportunity to be a transformative leader by working with existing finance professionals to evolve both shared services and company systems and processes with the goal of driving efficiency and simplicity within a complex business.
What Youll Be Doing:

Contribute and participate in contract review and business analysis as it relates to services within Tucows Shared Services groups.
Overseeing day-to-day finance operations functions as well as month-end, quarter-end, and year-end close cycles and internal reporting in accordance with accounting policies.
Developing and implementing best practices, including assistance with the scoping and implementation of tools, to drive end-to-end efficiency and simplification.
Support statutory compliance as relates to jurisdictional registrations and compliance.
Engage, motivate, and develop a motivated team of high-performing professionals through your ability to communicate, empower and develop team members.
Partner closely with senior Shared Services FPA group management or Executive teams to support reports, analyses, and findings.

Qualifications Required:

Post-secondary education with a CPA or equivalent designation.
Minimum of 5 years experience in similar roles, with significant, successful, and proven experience in a manager capacity within an accounting department.
A creative problem-solver who thrives in complex, ambiguous situations and prides themselves on staying one step ahead of potential issues.
Respected as a people person and a strong collaborative team player with the ability to build strong relationships in a cross-functional team environment.
Proven experience designing and implementing process improvements and controls surrounding an accounting function.
Ability to manage multiple deliverables and help others prioritize to meet deadlines and goals in a dynamic, ever-changing, and sometimes ambiguous environment.
Ability to hire, supervise, motivate, and mentor others remotely.
Ability to operate in a startup environment, requiring organizational and strategic agility and resilience.
Ability to make decisions and solve problems while working under pressure.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Strong analytical and interpretative skills.
Detailed understanding of financial statements, and consolidation activities. 
Experience with intercompany allocations and shared service team billing models preferred.
US GAAP exposure is an asset but not required.
Multi-location and technologytelecommunications industry exposure is an asset but not required. LI-NA1 Remote

The base salary range for this position is 141,440.00 to 166,400.00. Range shown in CAD for Canadian residents. Other countries will differ. Range may vary on a number of factors including, but not limited to: location, experience and qualifications. Tucows believes in a total rewards offering that includes fair compensation and generous benefits. 
Want to know more about what we stand for? At Tucows we care about protecting the open Internet, narrowing the digital divide, and supporting fairness and equality.
We also know that diversity drives innovation. We are committed to inclusion across race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. We celebrate multiple approaches and diverse points of view.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
Learn more about Tucows, our culture and employee benefits on our site here.