Tucows Domains is the worlds largest wholesale domain registrar, responsible for maintaining the health, neutrality, and openness of an important—but largely invisible part of the Internet: the domain name system (DNS).
As part of Tucows—one of the worlds largest Internet companies—Tucows Domains has a rich history of helping make the Internet better, operating globally under the Ascio, Enom, Hover and OpenSRS brands.
Whats Next at Tucows
We embrace a people-first philosophy that is rooted in respect, trust, and flexibility. We believe that whatever works for our employees is what works best for us. Its also why the majority of our roles are remote-first, meaning you can work from anywhere you can connect to the Internet! Today, over one thousand people from over 20 countries are part of our team.
If this sounds exciting to you, join the herd!
About the Opportunity
As a Senior Product Manager for Hosting, you will define the strategy and roadmap for our brand new web hosting product (launching Q4 2023!). You will partner with customers, prospects, and customer-facing teams to understand the goals and challenges resellers have in running their businesses and offering hosting to their clients. You will use the insights gained from these partnerships to define the long term vision with an iterative approach to validating and delivering on that vision.
Job Duties

Listen to your customers, prospects, support, and sales teams tell their story and advocate for them in what you build
Own the product lifecycle including: product research, market research, competitive analysis, roadmap development, iterative product development, and product launches
Translate product strategy into detailed requirements for prototyping and technical design by collaborating with design and engineering
Partner with the engineering team to define requirements, prioritize work, and refine the backlog
Define, track, and analyze success metrics

Qualifications Required

Experience crafting and supporting a long-term vision while delivering iteratively to test your vision
Excellent ability to use qualitative and quantitative data sources to advise decision-making
Experience collaborating with other teams to build alignment across the organization
Experience working very closely with engineering teams to deliver products iteratively
Experience coordinating and prioritizing against time, scope, and resources
Excellent ability to communicate vision, roadmap, and requirements at all levels of the organization

Bonus Points

Prior experience in website development, web technologies, andor web hosting
Prior experience building tools for or working with resellers andor digital agencies
Prior experience working with SCRUM or other agile methodologies

Want to know more about what we stand for? At Tucows we care about protecting the open Internet, narrowing digital divide, and supporting fairness and equality. LI-NA1
We also know that diversity drives innovation. We are committed to inclusion across race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. We celebrate multiple approaches and diverse points of view.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform crucial job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
Tucows and its subsidiaries participate in the E-verify program for all US employees.
Learn more about Tucows, our businesses, culture and employee benefits on our site here.