Tucows (NASDAQ:TCX, TSX:TC) is possibly the biggest Internet company youve never heard of. We started as a simple shareware site in 1993 and have since grown into a stable of businesses: Tucows Domains, Ting Internet and Wavelo.
Whats next at Tucows
We embrace a people-first philosophy that is rooted in respect, trust, and flexibility. We believe that whatever works for our employees is what works best for us. Its also why the majority of our roles are remote-first, meaning you can work from anywhere you can connect to the Internet!
Today, over one thousand people work in over 20 countries to help us make the Internet better. If this sounds exciting to you, join the herd!
Job Summary
The Information Security and Compliance Analyst is responsible for IT security solutions and responses for all corporate and production environments. This position will be responsible for maintaining, configuring, troubleshooting, auditing, and documenting the status of all security and compliance solutions, as well as assisting with planning and implementing incident response. The position supports the technology needs of the organization to provide a robust, secure, and reliable computing environment.
Responsibilities:

Monitor information security requirements, policies, and compliance.
Document and communicate security incidents, vulnerabilities and current state of the system.
Facilitate security risk management activities, advise on threats, vulnerabilities, and mitigation strategies.
Daily Scanning, Implementing and maintaining of information security tools and documentation.
Provide support to internal teams with security concerns and with security incident response.
Responsible for Spam Prevention and monthly vulnerability Scanning.
Responsible for updating block lists, allow lists for our various in house rbls.
Working with 3rd party companies to resolve spam complaints, blacklistings.
Supporting the annual external audit.
Perform other duties as assigned.

Requirements:

5 years of experience in an information security role or equivalent.
Experience in security and fraud prevention tools (Cybersource, Wireshark, nessus vulnerability scan).
Experience in IDSIPS, penetration and vulnerability testing.
Experience in security risk assessments and IT audit.
SSL certificate management.
TCPIP, computer networking, routing and switching.
Experience in firewall and intrusion detectionprevention.
Experience in Windows and Linux operating systems.
Experience with scripting languages (JavaScript, Python, C, C, etc.).
Updating best practices, security procedures and standards.
Degree or diploma in Computer Science, Cyber Security or related field.
Security certifications are an asset.  LI-NA

The base salary range for this position is 90,700 - 106,700 USD for US residents OR 83,215 - 97,900 CAD for Canadian residents. Other countries will differ. Range may vary on a number of factors including, but not limited to: location, experience and qualifications. Tucows believes in a total rewards offering that includes fair compensation and generous benefits. Learn more about Tucows Benefits.
Tucows and its subsidiaries participate in the E-verify program for all US employees. 
Want to know more about what we stand for? At Tucows we care about protecting the open Internet, narrowing the digital divide, and supporting fairness and equality.
We also know that diversity drives innovation. We are committed to inclusion across race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. We celebrate multiple approaches and diverse points of view.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
Learn more about Tucows, our businesses, culture and employee benefits on our site here.