Ting Internet is a leading fiber Internet provider in the United States, delivering future-proof internet in over a dozen Ting Towns across the country.
We are rapidly growing our footprint, and with a national focus on better infrastructure, we dont expect to slow down anytime soon!
As part of Tucows (NASDAQ:TCX, TSX:TC), Ting is backed by outstanding resources and talent. We embrace a people-first philosophy that is rooted in respect, trust, and flexibility. We believe that whatever works for our employees is what works best for us. Its also why the majority of our roles are remote-first, meaning you can work from anywhere you can connect to the internet!
The work we do genuinely changes lives. If this sounds exciting, wed love to hear from you! 
About the opportunity:
The Repair and Maintenance Technician will perform repairs, maintenance, and relocation activities of the outside plant fiber network and to include construction elements such as conduit placement, fiber placement, fiber splicing, and some central office work to meet Ting build and maintenance commitments. Repair and Maintenance Technician will take an active role in ensuring all work is done with an emphasis on safety and quality. They will also ensure network documentation is kept current and is reliable for future reference and network maintenance. The Repair and Maintenance Technician will report to the OSP Supervisor.
What youll be doing:

Ensuring customer satisfaction in all installsrepairs and other work performed in Ting Towns.
Driving a company vehicle operating company equipment and always practicing safe work procedures to ensure the safety of themselves, coworkers and the community.
Performing installation and testing of our fiber network and maintenance dispatches, as needed, to deliver Gigabit Internet services to both residential and commercial customers.
Demonstrate basic knowledge of splicing and testing equipment to perform fiber splicing using best techniques in buried, aerial and building applications.
Using plans, maps, observational skills, and locating equipment to accurately locate underground facilities in response to 811 excavation notices.
Support teams with mainline and drop blowing processes.
Analyzing conduit continuity and light level testing and utilizing ribbonizing techniques for mass fusion splicing.
Demonstrate basic knowledge of home construction and utility placement where related to wall fishing and wall penetrations
Perform site surveys as needed and final walk throughs with customers to ensure customer satisfaction, including aerial and or underground specifications.
Perform completion of assigned work via company software tools such as ServiceMax, HandHol, Master, etc
Ability to recognize and report potentially network affecting or safety related deficiencies.
Demonstrate knowledge of all Ting Fiber standards i.e. engineering, construction, Quality AssuranceQuality Control
Ability to read and understand general construction plans and end of shift reports.
Ability to troubleshoot and collaborate with the team related to fiber restoration efforts.
Ensuring all work related materials are properly checked out from warehouse inventory and accounted for.
Proactively review the days schedule and assist in maintaining work efficiency to ensure all scheduled installs, repairs are accounted for.
Attend meetings and team events in the local market as directed by the supervisormanager.
Participate in on-call rotation as needed to ensure customer and business needs are supported outside of regular scheduled working hours.
All other duties as assigned by management.

What youll bring:

0-2 years of related work experience, preferably in the Internet Service Provider industry
Must have and maintain a valid drivers license and clean drivers abstract.
Successful completion of pre-employment checks (drivers abstractbackgrounddrug testing).
Ability to lift up to 75 pounds while practicing safe lifting techniques

A bit more about you:

Dedication to working safely in compliance with OSHA regulations and company policies is required.
Extraordinary customer service skills are required.
Experience locating underground utilities is preferred.
Experience reading CAD and GIS files is preferred.
Outside construction experience is preferred.
Experience with FTTH networks, including splicing and terminating is preferred.
Ability to work safely in accordance with set practicesprocedures.
Ability to enterwork in confined spaces.
Ability to work independently with good organization skills and attention to detail.
Able and willing to work indoors and outdoors in all types of weather conditions, with provided weather protection materials.
Proficiency with hand tools, power tools, test equipment and comfortable performing work while on a ladder.

The hourly pay for this position is based on an annualized range of 57,120 - 67,200 . Range shown in USD for US residents. Other countries will differ. Range may vary on a number of factors including, but not limited to: location, experience and qualifications. Tucows believes in a total rewards offering that includes fair compensation and generous benefits. Learn more about Tucows Benefits. Tucows and its subsidiaries participate in the E-verify program for all US employees.L
Want to know more about what we stand for? At Ting and Tucows we care about protecting the open Internet, narrowing digital divide, and supporting fairness and equality.
We also know that diversity drives innovation. We are committed to inclusion across race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. We celebrate multiple approaches and diverse points of view.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
As a safety sensitive position, Tucows reserves the right to administer pre-employment drug testing for illegal drug use for those successful candidates presented with an offer of employment for consideration.
Learn more about Tucows, our culture and employee benefits on our site here.