Ting Internet is a leading fiber Internet provider in the United States, delivering future-proof internet in over a dozen Ting Towns across the country.
We are rapidly growing our footprint, and with a national focus on better infrastructure, we dont expect to slow down anytime soon!
As part of Tucows (NASDAQ:TCX, TSX:TC), Ting is backed by outstanding resources and talent. We embrace a people-first philosophy that is rooted in respect, trust, and flexibility. We believe that whatever works for our employees is what works best for us. Its also why the majority of our roles are remote-first, meaning you can work from anywhere you can connect to the internet!
The work we do genuinely changes lives. If this sounds exciting, wed love to hear from you!
About the opportunity
The Senior Marketing Coordinator works closely with the Marketing Manager - Charlottesville, VA to develop, coordinate and execute local marketing initiatives that support market brand awareness and sales goals. 
This role is remote however it will require you to travel within the Charlottesville area to meet with partners and clients. It requires that you are fully vaccinated and boosted against the COVID-19 virus. Proof of vaccination and CDC recommended boosters will be required.
What youll be doing:

Implement marketing campaigns that support local sales goals
Coordinate Ting hosted and third party marketing events to educate customers and grow your local market
Monitor marketing budget and sales tracking
Own your town - we know our towns, our people, and how to deliver on what they need
Work with cross-functional teams to execute new offers, promotions, media tactics, and sponsorships to grow new customers in your town
Work with the creative team to develop and prepare promotional and advertising materials for the market that follow the framework of shared national programs.
Analyze and present data on your market
Educate the general public about Tings value propositions at events
Build and create local content for social media platforms that follow existing brand guidelines
Ignite your creativity by finding new ways to engage customers

What youll bring:

5 plus years proven experience in marketing or related field
Effective time management, interpersonal, and organizational skills
Strong oral and written communication skills
Self-motivated  adaptable in a fast-paced and entrepreneurial environment
Ability to collaborate and build working relationships across various work groups
In depth knowledge of your local town, demographics and customer base LI-NA1

Please note that this role will require consistent travel within the Charlottesville, VA area.
The base salary range for this position is 60,950 - 75,000. Range shown in USD for US residents. Other countries will differ. Range may vary on a number of factors including, but not limited to: location, experience and qualifications. Tucows believes in a total rewards offering that includes fair compensation and generous benefits. Learn more about Tucows Benefits. Tucows and its subsidiaries participate in the E-verify program for all US employees.
Want to know more about what we stand for? At Ting and Tucows we care about protecting the open Internet, narrowing digital divide, and supporting fairness and equality.
We also know that diversity drives innovation. We are committed to inclusion across race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. We celebrate multiple approaches and diverse points of view.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
As a safety sensitive position, Tucows reserves the right to administer pre-employment drug testing for illegal drug use for those successful candidates presented with an offer of employment for consideration.
Learn more about Tucows, our culture and employee benefits on our site here.