Tucows (NASDAQ:TCX, TSX:TC) is possibly the biggest Internet company youve never heard of. We started as a simple shareware site in 1993 and have since grown into a stable of businesses: Tucows Domains, Ting Internet and Wavelo.
Whats next at Tucows
We embrace a people-first philosophy that is rooted in respect, trust, and flexibility. We believe that whatever works for our employees is what works best for us. Its also why the majority of our roles are remote-first, meaning you can work from anywhere you can connect to the Internet!
Today, over one thousand people work in over 20 countries to help us make the Internet better. If this sounds exciting to you, join the herd! 
About the Opportunity:
Tucows is on the hunt for a dedicated Senior Financial Analyst to join our Finance team. This individual will gain exposure to a hybrid set of Finance roles and responsibilities across our businesses. This individual will be instrumental in supporting the end-to-end financial accounting of Wavelo and our Mobile Services businesses, and other corporate reporting tasks.  You are someone who enjoys a hands-on approach and can bring learnings from prior finance roles to help the company continue to grow. This opportunity is ideal for someone that consistently delivers high-value work, can manage shifting priorities within an agile finance team while wanting to see the impact of their work in real-time.
What Youll Be Doing:
Financial Accounting (75)  Wavelo  Mobile Services

Lead the preparation of month-end balance sheet and income statement entries, balance sheet reconciliations and reporting. You will work alongside both internal and external partners to obtain information required to accomplish this and to ensure the completeness and accuracy of information in your workflow.
Lead various cash management and treasury support functions, including customer billing and cash-flow forecasting and monitoring.
Interface with SOX  Internal Controls team to document, verify, and update key controls as well as external audit for controls testing, quarterly reviews, and annual audit.
Assist in the preparation of business unit reporting packages for business leaders, including variance analysis, to provide insights on their financial and operational results, both monthly and quarterly.

Financial Planning  Analysis (25) - Wavelo  Mobile Services

Support business teams with the development of the annual budget, quarterly forecasts and investigate results versus budget and month over month variances for the Wavelo business. You will accomplish this by working collaboratively with business partners across the organization.
Develop a deep understanding of performance drivers and assist business decision makers in the development of action plans to meet financial goals and mitigate risks
Assist in the development of financial models to support ongoing management reporting requirements as well as decision support for sales, marketing and technology teams.
Partner with technology teams on orchestrating the financial impacts of Wavelos Software Development and Capitalization process.

Qualifications Required:

A minimum of 3 years of related financial accounting experience, preferably with multi-currency, multi-location, SaaS or telecommunications exposure.
A bachelor degree in CommerceBusiness with a specialization in Finance or Accounting. Knowledge of US GAAP is preferred.
A relevant professional designation (CPA, CFA, or CBV).
Advanced knowledge in the use of Excel, including complex formulas and financial modelling techniques.
Technically savvy, with an ability to learn new systems (ERPBI systems), leverage system capabilities and understand business requirements.
A proactive self-starter with outstanding work ethics who is capable of taking initiative, balancing work, and keeping commitments all with a positive demeanor.
A phenomenal teammate with strong communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to form connections across functions and all levels of the organization, including non-finance personnel and executive level.
Comfortable with shifting priorities, handling ambiguity and new challenges
Has and wants to succeed in a fast-paced, performance driven environment
Maintain the highest standards of accuracy and precision; excellent attention to detail, result-focused, highly-organized and resourceful LI-NA1 Remote

The base salary range for this position is 80,410.00 to 94,600.00. Range shown in CAD for Canadian residents. Other countries will differ. Range may vary on a number of factors including, but not limited to: location, experience and qualifications. Tucows believes in a total rewards offering that includes fair compensation and generous benefits. 
Want to know more about what we stand for? At Tucows we care about protecting the open Internet, narrowing the digital divide, and supporting fairness and equality.
We also know that diversity drives innovation. We are committed to inclusion across race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. We celebrate multiple approaches and diverse points of view.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
Tucows and its subsidiaries participate in the E-verify program for all US employees.
Learn more about Tucows, our businesses, culture and employee benefits on our site here.