Ting Internet is a leading fiber Internet provider in the United States, delivering future-proof internet in over a dozen Ting Towns across the country.
We are rapidly growing our footprint, and with a national focus on better infrastructure, we dont expect to slow down anytime soon!
As part of Tucows (NASDAQ:TCX, TSX:TC), Ting is backed by outstanding resources and talent. We embrace a people-first philosophy that is rooted in respect, trust, and flexibility. We believe that whatever works for our employees is what works best for us. Its also why the majority of our roles are remote-first, meaning you can work from anywhere you can connect to the internet!
The work we do genuinely changes lives. If this sounds exciting, wed love to hear from you!
About the opportunity:
This position is dedicated to the outside plant construction team and reports to the Manager, Construction and Operations Service Supervisor.
The Installation Technician regularly performs service activation and installs of the Ting fiber network to include construction elements such as conduit, fiber, split enclosures, cabinets and utility locating. Installation Technicians are at the forefront of Tings connection with the community and perform their responsibilities with safety and customer experience top of mind.
Expected work rotation schedule is from Tuesday to Saturday
What youll be doing:

Connecting, disconnecting, testing, repairing and maintaining Ting Fiber internet to customers.
Operate a company vehicle to perform work operations from site to site.
Understand coupling and color codes.
Reading and interpreting work plans and specifications to service a customer.
Using plans, maps, observations skills, and locating equipment to accurately locate underground facilities in response to 811 excavation notices.
Demonstrate understanding of aerial andor underground specifications.
Develop knowledge of Ting Fiber keystones.
Understands the mainline and drop blowing process and can assist teams with supervision.
Understand the basics of splicing and splice with supervision.
Build a splice dome and express dome installation with supervision.
Understand conduit continuity and light level testing.
Understand basic concepts of the data center and its components, with no contact with equipment.
Build basic knowledge of home construction and utility placements where related to wall fishing and wall penetrations. Performing installation and testing of our fiber network and maintenance dispatches, as needed, to deliver gigabit internet services to both residential and commercial customers.
Collaborating with the OSP team for fiber restoration efforts.
Ensuring all materials are purposely checked out from inventory.
Proactively review the day schedule and assist in maintaining work efficiency.
Ability to climb ladders and operate aerial lifts as needed.
Comfortable working from various elevated heights to perform installation and repair work.
Participate in on-call rotation as needed to ensure customer and business needs are supported outside of regular scheduled working hours.
Attend meetings and team events in the local market as directed by the supervisormanager.
All other duties as assigned by management.

What youll bring:

0-2 years of related work experience, preferably in the Internet Service Provider industry
Must have and maintain a valid drivers license and clean drivers abstract.
Successful completion of pre-employment checks (drivers abstractbackground checkdrug testing).
Ability to lift up to 75 pounds while practicing safe lifting techniques.

A bit more about you:

Dedication to working safely in compliance with OSHA regulations and company policies is required.
Extraordinary customer service skills are required.
Experience locating underground utilities is preferred.
Experience reading CAD and GIS files is preferred.
Outside construction experience is preferred.
Experience with FTTH networks, including splicing and terminating is preferred.
Ability to work safely in accordance with set practicesprocedures.
Ability to enterwork in confined spaces.
Ability to work independently with good organization skills and attention to detail.
Able and willing to work indoors and outdoors in all types of weather conditions, with provided weather protection materials.
Proficiency with hand tools, power tools, test equipment and comfortable performing work while on a ladder.

The hourly pay for this position is based on an annualized range of 50,000 - 55,000. Range shown in USD for US residents. Other countries will differ. Range may vary on a number of factors including, but not limited to: location, experience and qualifications. Tucows believes in a total rewards offering that includes fair compensation and generous benefits. Learn more about Tucows Benefits.
Want to know more about what we stand for? At Ting and Tucows we care about protecting the open Internet, narrowing digital divide, and supporting fairness and equality.
We also know that diversity drives innovation. We are committed to inclusion across race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. We celebrate multiple approaches and diverse points of view.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
As a safety sensitive position, Tucows reserves the right to administer pre-employment drug testing for illegal drug use for those successful candidates presented with an offer of employment for consideration.
Learn more about Tucows, our culture and employee benefits on our site here.
LI-CO1
 
LI-CO1
 