Ting Internet is a leading fiber Internet provider in the United States, delivering future-proof internet in over a dozen Ting Towns across the country.
We are rapidly growing our footprint, and with a national focus on better infrastructure, we dont expect to slow down anytime soon!
As part of Tucows (NASDAQ:TCX, TSX:TC), Ting is backed by outstanding resources and talent. We embrace a people-first philosophy that is rooted in respect, trust, and flexibility. We believe that whatever works for our employees is what works best for us. Its also why the majority of our roles are remote-first, meaning you can work from anywhere you can connect to the internet!
The work we do genuinely changes lives. If this sounds exciting, wed love to hear from you!
As the Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst, Operations you will:

Take a leading role measuring, understanding and improving the performance of Tings Operations, better known as the Networks org
Drive business operations improvement efforts to enable Ting to achieve its multi-year corporate goals and scaling ambitious
Work cross functionally with nationalcentral and regional leaders to enhance operational excellence in areas such as construction, customer installation, engineering, and supply chain

Your responsibilities will include:

Building and maintaining business performance dashboards that enable sound decision making by executives and sr. leaders
Co-build and drive forward business improvement planinitiatives
Contribute to OKR setting and tracking
Review financial reports and proactively drive desired PL outcomes
Partnering with business leaders to strengthen existing scaling capabilities (playbooks, processes, systems)

Other:

Be a positive change agent for the operation
Track record of a growth mindset and grit
US and Canada travel up to 10
All other duties assigned by your manager

Reports to:

Reports to Director, Networks Business Operations Excellence

Qualifications:

Experience converting data insights into business intelligence
Strong at visualization business performance trends to identify improvement opportunities, in tools like Power BI  Looker leverage data in Google Sheets  Snowflake respectively
Demonstrated ability to partner with operational stakeholders to build and deliver on business improvement planinitiatives
Demonstrated knowledge of ISP operational practices and improvement strategies, ideally from the US Telecom
4 years of business intelligence andor manage management experience
Organizational changescaling experience is highly desirable
Proven ability to create documentation and processes, and critical metrics
PMPPMI certification is a plus

The base salary range for this position is 96,900 - 114,00 USD for US residents OR 85,085 - 100,100 CDN for Canadian residents. Other countries will differ. Range may vary on a number of factors including, but not limited to: location, experience and qualifications. Tucows believes in a total rewards offering that includes fair compensation and generous benefits. Learn more about Tucows Benefits.
Tucows and its subsidiaries participate in the E-verify program for all US employees. 
Want to know more about what we stand for? At Ting and Tucows we care about protecting the open Internet, narrowing digital divide, and supporting fairness and equality.
We also know that diversity drives innovation. We are committed to inclusion across race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. We celebrate multiple approaches and diverse points of view.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
Whats new at Tucows
Learn more about Tucows, our businesses, culture and employee benefits on our site here.
LI-JL1 LI-remote