Ting Internet is a leading fiber Internet provider in the United States, delivering future-proof internet in over a dozen Ting Towns across the country.
We are rapidly growing our footprint, and with a national focus on better infrastructure, we dont expect to slow down anytime soon!
As part of Tucows (NASDAQ:TCX, TSX:TC), Ting is backed by outstanding resources and talent. We embrace a people-first philosophy that is rooted in respect, trust, and flexibility. We believe that whatever works for our employees is what works best for us. Its also why the majority of our roles are remote-first, meaning you can work from anywhere you can connect to the internet!
The work we do genuinely changes lives. If this sounds exciting, wed love to hear from you!
This is a completely remote role within Canada and the United States.
About the role
Ting Internet is looking for a Motion Designer to help round-out our marketing content (specifics below) with high-end motion graphics and animation. 
Were looking for candidates with graphicvisual backgrounds who are well-versed in the use of animation and multimedia authoring tools. Candidates should have experience producing engaging products that tap into established brand rules, while also pitching new and exciting directions for campaigns. The position works closely with our in-house Multimedia, Design and Copy teams. This is a remote role for a 12 month contract.
What youll be doing:

Work in a team to develop creative and engaging marketing collateral, including (and not limited to) television ads, theatrical ads, web ads, how-to videos, corporate documentaries and corporate communications.
Design and develop engaging visuals, graphics, and animations.
Collaborating with various internal partners, making sure our brand is brought to life in each video and that they follow our brand standards.
Collaborating with the planning and development of creative ideas and video design concepts with the team, including storyboarding, sourcing music and imagery.
Managing workflow of multiple projects and deliverables. Reviewing and implementing feedback and changes from colleagues and producing final production filesdigital artwork

Basic Qualifications

A university or college degree from a recognized institution.
A minimum of 5 years experience in the creative industry or experience within an advertisingdesign agency (internal or external).
Experienced knowledge of Adobe Creative Cloud (After Effects, Premiere Pro, Illustrator, Photoshop)
Experience designing in and integrating elements from the Adobe Creative Suite or other compositing packages.
Experience preparing final production video files.
Ability to work across multidisciplinary teams.

The base salary range for this position is 74,460 - 87,600 USD for US residents OR 67,150 - 79,000 CDN for Canadian residents. Other countries will differ. Range may vary on a number of factors including, but not limited to: location, experience and qualifications. Tucows believes in a total rewards offering that includes fair compensation and generous benefits. Learn more about Tucows Benefits.
Want to know more about what we stand for? At Tucows we care about protecting the open Internet, narrowing the digital divide, and supporting fairness and equality.
We also know that diversity drives innovation. We are committed to inclusion across race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. We celebrate multiple approaches and diverse points of view.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
Learn more about Tucows, our culture and employee benefits on our site here
LI-JL1LI-remote
Remote 