Tucows (NASDAQ:TCX, TSX:TC) is possibly the biggest Internet company youve never heard of. We started as a simple shareware site in 1993 and have since grown into a stable of businesses: Tucows Domains, Ting Internet and Wavelo.
Whats next at Tucows
We embrace a people-first philosophy that is rooted in respect, trust, and flexibility. We believe that whatever works for our employees is what works best for us. Its also why the majority of our roles are remote-first, meaning you can work from anywhere you can connect to the Internet!
Today, over one thousand people work in over 20 countries to help us make the Internet better. If this sounds exciting to you, join the herd! 
About the Opportunity:
Tucows is looking for a Senior Financial Analyst to support the various accounting operational functions of Tucows Domains. The role will be integral in supporting the month-end close including account reconciliations, revenue recognition, deferred revenue monthly analysis, and acting as a payrollHR liaison. This is a hands-on position. 
This position may also assist the CFO  VP Finance on other special projects for Tucows as well. 
This is a 6-month contract position with opportunity for a permanent position. 
What youll be doing: 

35, support the day to day accounting support for key parts of the domains operations, including support for our European entities 
35 support month-end reconciliations process, including credit cards, revenue deferrals, COGS deferrals, PL analytics 
10, lead various cash management and treasury support functions 
10, provide end-to-end accounting support for smaller subsidiaries within Tucows group of companies 
5, primary support for HR and month-end payroll entries 
5, interface with external auditors to support quarterly reviews as well as year- end audit deliverables 

Qualifications required: 

Accounting designation, preferably CPA, CA, CMA, or CGA with solid post-designation experience. 
3 years Accounting and Financial Analysis experience 
Experience in a fast paced, computerized, multi-company, multi-currency environment. 
Hands on experience with month-end financial package preparation, budgeting, and year-end functions. 
Strong reconciliation skills and understanding of accounting concepts. 
Knowledge of US GAAP andor IFRS 
Strong computer skills - Excel  Word. 
Intacct experience andor experience with dimension based GL would be a plus 
Excellent communication (written and oral), ability to effectively convey information to various levels of the organization in a clear and concise manner. 
High energy, friendly, collaborative, and team oriented individual. 
Excellent interpersonal skills and relationship building skills required. LI-NA LI-Remote

The base salary range for this position is 80,410.00 to 94,600.00. Range shown in CAD for Canadian residents. Other countries will differ. Range may vary on a number of factors including, but not limited to: location, experience and qualifications. Tucows believes in a total rewards offering that includes fair compensation and generous benefits. 
Want to know more about what we stand for? At Tucows we care about protecting the open Internet, narrowing the digital divide, and supporting fairness and equality. LI-NA Remote
We also know that diversity drives innovation. We are committed to inclusion across race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. We celebrate multiple approaches and diverse points of view.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
Tucows and its subsidiaries participate in the E-verify program for all US employees.
Learn more about Tucows, our businesses, culture and employee benefits on our site here.