At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
THE WORK:
Developer Operations (DevOps) at Ripple is responsible for communication, collaboration and integration between the Development and Operations teams so infrastructures, tools and processes are streamlined and effective for faster and automated delivery of products.
The Senior Software Engineer, DevOps will contribute in discovery, design and implementation of solutions to improve infrastructure and release pipelines. These solutions will include developer infrastructure, capacity  load testing, CICD infrastructure and release process automation. You will push the boundaries with new tools and technologies and use a data-driven approach for achieving desired results. Candidates should enjoy working openly and collaboratively with a diverse team and possess an ability to encourage and drive engineering best practices.
WHAT YOULL DO:

Develop, deploy, and maintain Ripples multi-region, multi-provider service platforms.
Contribute design and development of tools for automation, monitoring, and instrumentation to reduce operational friction and increase engineering efficiency
Lead discovery of next generation solutions and work with wider engineering teams on implementation, adoption and continuous improvements
Create and automate new and existing platform and application lifecycle services, leveraging data to converge on declared states with minimal human interaction
Collaborate with product engineering to ensure code is production-ready
Participate in the adoption of DevOps-first principles within the organization



WHAT YOULL BRING: 



5 years of hands-on experience as DevOps or related roles.
Strong experience in either Python, Go, or Java
Experience working with large scale, multi-region service platforms
Expertise in Kubernetes and experience working with cloud infrastructure, particularly AWS.
Experience with container schedulers and runtimes such as Docker, Rkt, or OCI running on Kubernetes, Rancher, or Mesos
Experience building deployment pipelines leveraging common CICD tools
Experience with Infrastructure-as-Code (e.g. Terraform, CloudFormation, etc)
Security awareness, with an emphasis on designing for security best practices
Experience with Agile development of distributed services, with a focus on robust software design, scalability and security
A positive attitude and a passion for sharing knowledge

 
For positions that will be based in CA, the annual salary range for this position is below. Actual salaries may vary based on numerous factors including, among other things, an individual applicants experience and qualifications for the position. This range does not include equity or additional compensation, such as bonuses or commissions. CA Annual Base Salary Range138,000—173,000 USD
WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.