At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
THE WORK:
Ripples mission is to enable payments every way, everywhere for everyone. We believe connecting traditional financial entities like banks, payment providers and corporations with emerging blockchain technologies and users is the path to an open, decentralized, and more inclusive financial future. This Internet of Value gives any internet-enabled person, application or device access to financial services that are transparent, fast, reliable, and cheap. Delivering this vision is a challenge of massive scale spanning 155 trillion in annual cross border fiat payments and the 1.5 trillion market of digital assets that has grown 10X in the last year. 
We are looking for an innovative and collaborative principal applied scientist to join us in building the Internet of Value experience for our customers and their users. This is a high-impact role on a team charged with determining and delivering optimal liquidity for every customer in the world in a cost-effective, robust and scalable manner. From forecasting supply and demand, to optimizing routing across traditional and digital assets and venues, to enabling price discovery for the long-tail of crypto assets and tokens, this role will be critical in developing the liquidity engine that powers the Internet of Value. Ideal candidates will have a track record of scientific leadership and technical strength. Successful candidates must be passionate about inventing and delivering customer-focused solutions to ambitious and ambiguous challenges. You will define and drive end-to-end machine learning solutions that solve real customer problems while helping grow and build the team that delivers them.
WHAT YOULL DO:

Design and build automated ML-based systems for forecasting, optimizing and managing access to global liquidity so our customers can send value instantly, easily, efficiently and cost-effectively to all corners of the world
Lead the scientific vision and ML strategy for how we delivering scalable, auditable, and maintainable production machine learning services at Ripple
Be a foundational member of our applied science pillar with a huge opportunity to shape its future
Develop and hire the best
Work with teams across the broader organization, including engineering, product, legal, compliance, finance and business development to think beyond the technical design in delivering the best experience for our customers



WHAT YOULL BRING:

Masters or PhD (preferred) in computer science, statistics, physics, or other quantitative field
10 years of hands-on experience delivering production machine learning solutions to complex business problems
5 years experience with Python andor Java
Broad machine learning experience including statistical modeling, time series analysisforecasting and experimentation, bonus if in finance and trading domains, especially FX
Experience with cloud-based data processing and machine learning services and tools
Experience recruiting and mentoring a world-class team of applied scientists
You are excited about blockchains; the technical details and the potential benefits
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, especially with non-technical senior leaders
Attention to detail and a commitment to excellence
An entrepreneurial problem solver with a bias for action


WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.