At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.THE WORK:
In this role, youll be responsible for the communications and relationship management strategyexecution for key groups of existing and prospective investors, current shareholders and financial analysts. In addition to the Communications team, you will work cross-functionally with most teams at Ripple. This role reports directly to the SVP of People, Places and Communications.
WHAT YOULL DO:

With the CFO and other senior leaders, build and maintain meaningful relationships with analysts, and educate existing and prospective shareholders and investors on the companys productbusiness strategy and goals, performance, financial position and announcements 
Develop strategic plans and key messages for this audience including relevant company moments such as MA, investments, liquidity events and other high-impact moments
Manage Ripples IR calendar of events end-to-end, including non-deal roadshows and speaking opportunities for senior executives at relevant financial and crypto-related investor and analyst conferences
Work with the senior leadership, Product and Marketing teams to create and update investor materials, including presentations, fact sheets, case studies, and analyses
Manage shareholder, investor and sell-side analyst communication, including drafting quarterly updates, managing a shareholder databasemailing list and investoranalyst communication database
Quarterback initiatives such as an annual Analyst Day where senior leaders brief private and public analysts on Ripples business and growth
Keep senior leaders smart on industry and peer company benchmarks by providing updates on peer company activities, relevant market updates, industry events and equity research reports

WHAT YOULL BRING: 

5 years of experience across investor relations, equity research, analyst relations, in-house communications, hedge funds, asset management, equity capital markets, or investment banking (investor relations experience within financial services or crypto a plus)
Strong knowledge and understanding of crypto andor financial markets; understands valuation conceptstechniques used by analysts and investors
Ability to network, and establishmaintain relationships with analyst community; existing relationships with industry sell-side analysts a plus
Relationship-building and superior interpersonal skills that enable you to work in lockstep with partners on the Equity Administration, Total Rewards, Legal and Communications teams
Outstanding verbal and written communication with a knack for distilling complex information and telling stories clearly and effectively
Highly organized and skilled at planning, prioritizing and executing in a fast-paced environment with keen attention to detail
Excellence in project management that requires collaborating with many contributors, including senior leaders; seeks opportunities to add value and contribute to the broader teams success
For positions that will be based in CA, the annual salary range for this position is below. Actual salaries may vary based on numerous factors including, among other things, an individual applicants experience and qualifications for the position. This range does not include equity or additional compensation, such as bonuses or commissions. CA Annual Base Salary Range151,360—189,200 USD
WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.