At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
THE WORK:
Metaco is developing world class custody infrastructure, designed for tier 1 institutions. To help with this mission, we are seeking an experienced Technical Solutions Architect to work (in India) with our technical teams and clients to customize our world class solution to the needs of our demanding clients.  
You will have the opportunity to work with the worlds largest global custodians, banks, regulated exchanges, and corporates and gain hands-on experience to an exciting emerging asset class.
WHAT YOULL DO:

Ensure client satisfaction by adapting the company portfolio to customer needs. 
Support Product unit in responding to client RFIs. 
Implement efficient client onboarding and training processes for knowledge transfer. 
Recommend clients around integration of Metaco Software to other systems, software, and processes. 
Assist clients deploying Metaco Software and passing security reviews. 
Lead the design and development process for client requests related to customizations, adjustments, extensions, or workarounds that would not be included in the formal product roadmap. 
Ensure client deployments follow the company s recommendations and highlight risks that may be incurred by the client when not following the recommendations. 



WHAT YOULL BRING: 



At least 5 years of experience with deploying enterprise class, services-oriented applications in on-premises, cloud, or hybridmulti-cloud environments.  
Experience with Kubernetes and Helm automation is required. 
Experience with OpenShift and Terraform is preferred, but not required.  
Experience with Enterprise Linux is required (RHEL, SLES, andor Ubuntu) 
Experience with s390x architecture is a plus. 
Experience with implementing systems with RESTful APIs via JavaScript or Python 
Ability to interpret and create extensions to CC, .NET and TypeScript is also a plus 
Exceptional team-working and interpersonal skills, with a positive attitude and the ability to build trust and confidence among customers, suppliers, partners, and colleagues. 
Strong communication skills, both in written and oral form.  
English Language: Fluent (written and oral) with at least 5 years working in English language environments


WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.