At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
THE WORK:
Ripples Internal Audit Team within the Legal and Compliance organisation is searching for a Internal Audit Manager to execute the risk-based audit plan as the 3rd line of defence for the company. The Internal Audit Manager will work under the supervision of the Head of Internal Audit to execute financial audits and build relationships with leaders across the organisation. To succeed, qualified candidates may exhibit the ability to problem-solve as part of a team, demonstrate the capability to actively pursue their career development, exhibit technical proficiency in audit procedures, and interact with client personnel in a professional manner.
WHAT YOULL DO:

Execute financial and operational audits successfully by conducting interviews, identifying key risks and controls, drafting workpapers, gathering evidence and performing testing.
Prepare audit work papers that comply with international auditing standards for content and quality.
Identify, evaluate, and document the design and effectiveness of the companys internal controls looking for both control gaps and opportunities to gain process efficiencies.
Test SOC 1 and SOC 2 attestation documentation and perform periodic assessment of controls.
Interact with business partners to assess audit findings including control weaknesses with an appropriate degree of professional skepticism. Keep audit management informed of audit findings, and assist business partners with the development of management action plans to mitigate weaknesses, and evaluate adequacy of managements response. Where appropriate, test corrective actions taken.
Draft audit reports to formally communicate the results of the audit and related recommendations to senior management.
Stay abreast of company business strategies, industry technology advances, and the risk profile of assigned business areas to ensure relevancy of audit approach.
Work with Ripples external auditors and statefederal regulators to support their examination efforts.

WHAT YOULL BRING: 

Bachelors Degree in Management Accounting, Finance, or equivalent business discipline.
Minimum 5 years experience conducting internal or external risk-based audits. Experience performing audits in the banking or financial services industry is preferred.
Demonstrated knowledge of accounting principles and Generally Accepted Auditing Standards.
Strong knowledge of Sarbanes-Oxley and COSOCOBIT internal control framework is a plus.
Certifications such as Certified Internal Auditor (CIA), Chartered Accountant (CA), Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Certified Information Security Manager (CISM), andor Certified Information Security Professional (CISSP) are a plus.
Organized and possess the ability to handle competing priorities and meet important deadlines.
Able to follow instructions accurately and efficiently; proactive in asking clarifying questions to ensure work effort is directed wholly toward the desired outcome.


WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.