At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
Ripple is the worlds only enterprise blockchain solution for global payments. Today the world sends more than 155 trillion across borders. Yet, the underlying infrastructure is dated and flawed. Ripple connects banks, payment providers, corporates and digital asset exchanges via RippleNet to provide one frictionless experience to send money globally.
The Senior Software Engineer will build the next generation of paymentcrypto compliance, financial accounting, risk monitoring services to support a global payments business. Payments using crypto requires innovative solutions to emerging business needs in this advancing field. This role provides opportunities to think out-of-the box to solve traditional and non-traditional problems using non-traditional approaches. To support a growing business, the Senior Software Engineer will drive quick delivery of features whilst ensuring high performance and resilient solutions.
WHAT YOULL DO

Build enterprise, business operations services including compliance, financial accounting, risk monitoring to support a payments business that uses crypto to deliver an innovative experience to customers.
Prototype new solutions for complex software problems and implement them for on premise and cloud deployments and use cases
Work with wider engineering team on the design, deployment and continuous improvement of core products
Be a technical subject matter expert and share your expertise with a growing team of engineers
Continuously raise our standard of engineering excellence by implementing and driving best practices for coding, testing, and deployment

WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR

5 years of hands-on software development experience in at least one of the leading web frontend frameworks: React JS, Angular Js. Familiarity with React JS preferred.
Experience in building transactional systems (preferably in payments  banking  e-commerce domains) , backed by an RDBMS (PostgreSQL, Oracle or MS SQL Server)


Experience in cloud native technologies and DevOps with Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, log file management and reporting, Sumo Logic, Splunk, etc.




Experience with Agile development of distributed services, with a focus on robust software design, scalability and security
Enjoy working openly and collaboratively with a diverse team
Ability to encourage and drive engineering best practices
A positive attitude and a passion for sharing knowledge
BS in Computer Science or similar




WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.