At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
THE WORK:
The Corporate Development team oversees decisions around deploying capital to grow the company through strategic investments and acquisitions across cryptocurrency, fintech and software. We are looking to add a high performing professional who can help the team execute on this global mandate.  
The ideal candidate has a passion for the cryptocurrency industry, is rigorous in their analysis, methodical, creative, and thorough in their problem-solving approach, and can easily build relationships with internal and external stakeholders.
WHAT YOULL DO:

Conduct research and summarize findings to enable the team to develop unique perspectives on key categories and companies in the crypto ecosystem, and curate related research and market intelligence, identifying critical shifts and evolving trends and communicate their implications to be at the forefront of new developments.
Engage with the broader organization (product, engineering, marketing, etc.) to further qualify opportunities and refine our areas of strategic interest.
Develop perspectives on key competitors, relative strengths and weaknesses, and implications for our business.
Support the execution of acquisitions by helping the team to define our needs, develop a market landscape with target companies, engage prospects, develop business cases, engage in due diligence and deal execution and support integration in partnership with finance, accounting, tax, legal, compliance, business, product, engineering, people and other departments at Ripple.
Establish strong relationships externally with the crypto and blockchain community of entrepreneurs and investors.
Track new opportunities and manage the pipeline.
Perform backtesting of investment performance for achievement against ingoing investment thesis.
Ad-hoc qualitative and quantitative analyses for strategic planning, investing and integration efforts.
Partner with Business Development to forge alliances that promote Ripples product and service offerings.
Take an opportunity from inception to completion, owning the process from sourcing to due diligence to execution.



WHAT YOULL BRING: 

3 years of experience in corporate development or related fields such as investment banking, management consulting ideally in the corporate finance practice or an area with substantial exposure to related topics, andor venture capital
Experience executing deal workflows and post-deal integrations
Experience working on multiple deals at once through all phases
Experience working within teams with team leadership a plus
Strong experience developing financial modeling such as market data models, three-statement analysis and valuation 
Intellectual rigor
Strong communication skills; verbal, written, and presentational
Comfort operating in white space where there is no playbook and proven ability to contribute to creative solutions and deal structures 
Strong understanding of blockchain technology and traditional financial services
High attention to detail
Proactive, energetic and collaborative



LI-SC2
For positions that will be based in NY, the annual salary range for this position is below. Actual salaries may vary based on numerous factors including, among other things, an individual applicants experience and qualifications for the position. This range does not include equity or additional compensation, such as bonuses or commissions. NY Annual Base Salary Range146,819—183,254 USD
WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.