At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.Hyper-Accelerating the Internet of Value.
 
We champion the builders of tomorrow by providing the infrastructure, tools, services, programs and support for creation on one of the worlds fastest, most sustainable and consistently reliable public blockchain - XRPL. By supporting an open community of developers, they can advance the solutions and innovation needed to allow businesses, consumers, institutions and governments to fuel the engine of a new digital economy.
 
RippleX operates on the belief that realizing the Internet of Value hinges on how easily new technology works for more people, and how effectively we can change the way the world operates today.
 
RippleX is helping more people participate in the digital economy through:

Practical support and capabilities to develop applications that move digital value faster and more easily
Empowering a community thats democratizing the digital economy 
The expertise of a technology company that is known for vision and pragmatism 
Blockchain infrastructure that is supported by RippleX and owned by everyone

 
We have a big vision and the ambition to match. We are seeking the same in engineering managers. You also see the huge potential of this technology and have the entrepreneurial spirit and technical excellence to realize the vision we have. There is a lot of work to get there, but we are committed to building out the best team to achieve this.
 
Were looking for a results oriented hands-on engineering leader to help manage and guide teams building core protocol features of the XRP Ledger (XRPL) and open source tools and libraries that enable developers to build on top of this blockchain.
 
This position can be based in San Francisco or Toronto
WHAT YOULL DO

Provide technical and business leadership defining RippleXs long term strategy, ensuring flawless execution building blockchain software and systems that are scalable and reliable 
Own and deliver the roadmaps of multiple programs while driving technical and operational excellence across the engineering organization
Mentor and guide the professional and technical development of your team, both managers and engineers
Provide hands-on technical leadership
Encourage and drive engineering best practices
Collaborate with stakeholders across Ripple and in the XRPL community
Establish team objectives and quarterly plans in alignment with business and organizational goals
Translate technical concepts into tailored content for different audiences including engineers, business and technical leaders
Scale the team by attracting and mentoring great leaders and engineers at various levels of experience

 
WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR
 

15 years of hands-on software development leadership experience, managing managers and teams of engineers.
Solid leadership and communication skills.
Hands-on experience building highly scalable distributed systems in modern technology stacks
Experience in building open source software and contributing to open source tooling and libraries.
Experience with Agile development with a focus on robust software design, scalability and security.
Eagerness to work openly and collaboratively with a diverse team, with a positive attitude and a passion for sharing knowledge.
A technical subject matter expert who provides technical leadership and shares expertise with a growing team of engineers.
BS in Computer Science or similar.
For positions that will be based in CA, the annual salary range for this position is below. Actual salaries may vary based on numerous factors including, among other things, an individual applicants experience and qualifications for the position. This range does not include equity or additional compensation, such as bonuses or commissions. CA Annual Base Salary Range263,016—328,770 USD
WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.