At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
THE WORK:
We are looking for a dynamic and collaborative individual to join our growing finance team at Metaco. The Finance Manager will be involved in all aspects of global operations and will support critical initiatives to facilitate the expansion of the companys financial infrastructure.
The successful candidate must be a driven, high energy, customer service focused individual that can work well with internal and external stakeholders at all levels. They will be expected to problem solve, recommend solutions and exercise good business judgment while performing their function. 
We are looking for someone who is detail-oriented and enjoys working in a fast-paced and dynamic team environment. There will also be opportunities to contribute to projects that arise from the constant growth of the business.
To be successful in this role, you will be highly organized, detail oriented, and able to frequently assess and reorder priorities. You also possess excellent communication and problem-solving skills, and are able to learn new concepts quickly. Additionally, you should have a genuine interest in emerging payment technology and the blockchain industry.
WHAT YOULL DO:

Lead ledger close process with SME input (Fixed assets, RD capitalization, revenue recognition), Accrual posting and reversals.
Support Accounting, Financial Operations, Treasury and cross-functional teams for finance related matters and business needs
Responsible for managing multiple Metaco entities for US GAAP and Local GAAP reporting including executing accounting processes related to month-end, quarter-end and year-end close including PL, Balance Sheet, variance analysis and quarterly management reports
Responsible for the delivery of processes for the preparation of Statutory Financial Statements and co-ordination of Statutory Audits
Deliver finance transformation initiatives by working with the broader team in design, testing and roll-out of automations to finance systemstoolsprocesses to build for scale
Localise new product initiatives for local reporting requirements and system setups
Implement and standardize scalable processes for in region finance cycles including, but not limited to Financial ReportingMonth End Close, Intercompany, Treasury, and Financial Operations
Work with external advisors to understand new laws and regulations globally and their impact on Metaco business and structure
Provide day-to-day guidance, including period end close procedures, reporting packages, financial performance insights and other duties as necessary
Define and implement scalable financial processes related to month-end and quarter-end close to provide highly reliable finance data output while designing andor maintaining strong internal controls over finance processes



WHAT YOULL BRING: 



Minimum undergraduate degree in a related field such as accounting or finance.
Professional accounting qualification (ACA, CPA, ACCA, CIMA).
Minimum 6-8 years experience in a similar role, ideally with a big 4 or in a Software provider business.
Experience with ERP or accounting software.
Solid knowledge of Swiss GAAP or IFRS or FRS 102
Strong and effective, oral and written communication skills, across all levels.
High levels of proficiency required in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.
Be proactive, innovative and motivated to achieve strategic business outcomes.
Solid knowledge of relevant legislation, policies and regulation.
Excellent planning, analytical, interpersonal and communication skills
A passion for problem solving, adaptable, able to work autonomously and willing to be hands on.
Ability to rapidly respond to changing priorities
Fluent in English, fluent in French is ideal.

 

WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.