At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.THE WORK:
This product manager role is best suited for someone with a strong product background, experience defining and shipping enterprise interfaces products at scale. You understand how to turn customer requirements into user-friendly and engaging experiences and possess the know-how to drive the adoption of those features across an organization. 
WHAT YOULL DO:

Own the product vision and roadmap for onboarding interfaces
Drive execution of cross-functional crypto payment product development features and functionality by collaborating with customer-facing and technical teams
Gather and analyze user feedback to improve the product
Developing product strategy and feature requirements for compliance and wallet verification, contract signing, integrations with partners, and first-time experience
Track and measure product performance
Stay up-to-date on the latest trends in payments and user experience
Leverage your deep expertise in payments and platform performance to inform product roadmap and go-to-market strategy

WHAT YOULL BRING:

4 years of product management experience with top Internet, e-commerce, enterprise software andor financial services companies
Strong user empathy, with an ability to transform complex data and customer insights into product vision and a prioritized roadmap.
Experienced in user-centered design with a customer-centric mindset to product development
Experience partnering with cross-functional teams of engineers, designers, sales, marketing, operations, and data scientists to deliver extraordinary products.
Exceptional communication skills, both within your team, with leadership, and with stakeholders
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Proven track record of leading and influencing a Product-driven organization
A passion for payments and a strong interest in the blockchain and crypto ecosystem

This person will bring strong and inclusive leadership skills as they will need to collaborate heavily with cross-functional internal teams and the financial ecosystem of partners and customers.For positions that will be based in NY, the annual salary range for this position is below. Actual salaries may vary based on numerous factors including, among other things, an individual applicants experience and qualifications for the position. This range does not include equity or additional compensation, such as bonuses or commissions. NY Annual Base Salary Range126,029—157,536 USD
WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.