At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.Through our blockchain technology and rapidly growing network of financial institutions, Ripple is improving the global financial system and increasing economic inclusion for more people, in more places around the world.  Ripple is looking for a passionate Information Security leader to build a world class Information Security program.  As a leader on the Information Security team, you will help us achieve this mission by actively working to protect our staff, company, and the larger crypto communities we engage with.  
 
In this role, you will build and lead a team of security professionals to deliver exceptional security solutions and processes.  You will collaborate across the business with other leaders in Engineering, Product, IT, and Compliance to ensure Ripple maintains a world class security posture.  This role reports directly to the Head of Information Security.
 
WHAT YOULL DO:

Partner with Head of Security to plan security engineering and operations strategy
Collaborate cross-functionally, including with engineering, legal, product, and IT teams, to build and strengthen information security and privacy across our service and infrastructure
Define operational metrics and key performance indicators to assure the team achieves operational excellence
Build and lead a team of security engineers and security professionals
Ensure all security services and processes are working at peak effectiveness
Drive, design, and implement innovative services to improve our public cloud security infrastructure
Relentlessly focus on prioritizing, automating, and scaling our security capabilities

 
For positions that will be based in NY, the annual salary range for this position is below. Actual salaries may vary based on numerous factors including, among other things, an individual applicants experience and qualifications for the position. This range does not include equity or additional compensation, such as bonuses or commissions. 
 
NY Annual Base Salary Range
194,000—242,000 USD
 
WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR:
 

7 years of experience in Information Security
Co-create and help articulate Information Security strategy across the company
A track record of hiring dedicated security engineers and analysts
Experience working with engineering teams to drive improvements at scale, building security capabilities, and delivering public cloud detection and mitigation strategies
A managerdirector that can still deliver as an engineer when necessary
Proficiency with common information security frameworks including SOC2, NIST CSF, and ISO 27001
Inclusive leadership and collaboration skills
Results oriented, values collaboration, self-motivated
Someone willing to adapt to change in a fast moving environment

WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.