At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.This role is open to candidates located in Toronto.
Ripple is the worlds only enterprise blockchain solution for global payments. Today the world sends more than 155 trillion across borders. Yet, the underlying infrastructure is dated and flawed. Ripple connects banks, payment providers, corporates and digital asset exchanges via RippleNet to provide one frictionless experience to send money globally.
THE WORK:
Were looking for Interns to help the Liquidity Engineering Team design and build machine learning tooling - including data and training pipelines, performance monitoring functionality, cloud stack optimizations, and other solutions -  that will allow us to deliver models that will power our growing network and improve the global payments infrastructure. During this internship, you and your paired mentor will tackle technical challenges and projects in one of the following areas:
WHAT YOULL BRING:

A degree in CS, EE or related technical experience
Experience building Machine Learning applications or other Data Science tooling with a strong interest in Machine Learning  related infrastructure; experience with time series analysis and high-frequency event data like financial markets tick data a huge plus
Our stack sits on modern cloud ML architecture and primarily uses Python and SQL. We dont discriminate by language or ML Framework but you could have built ML projects using a combination of Python, Scala, Java, Spark, or SQL; and have used frameworks like scikit-learn, Tensorflow, Torch, or Keras
Interests: entrepreneurship, economics and financial markets, strong work ethic, creative thinking, systems thinking, cryptography, creative logic, fast-paced environment

WHAT WE OFFER:

Regionally competitive pay and a one-time cash stipend 
Exposure to the crypto-currency and digital asset space!
A hands-on learning environment where you can dive into the latest technologies and engineering principles
Fully-stocked kitchen with organic snacks, beverages  coffee drinks 
Catered lunches in office 2x week
Team outings to sports games, happy hours, game nights and more
A collaborative work environment with deeply experienced cryptographers, security experts, Silicon Valley and Wall Street veterans
The opportunity to help change the way the world transacts

WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.