At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
THE WORK:
Ripple is a crypto solutions leader that is redefining how the world moves, manages, and tokenizes value. We are working to bring the Internet of Value to life - and looking for talent to help drive this crypto-enabled future. 
Ripple is growing rapidly and we are looking for a dynamic business leader to manage our joint venture partnership in Japan and bring the partnership to the next level of growth. The Director of Joint Venture Partnership will sit in Singapore and work closely with our JV team based in Japan to together grow our business in Japan and Korea and enable transformational opportunities in the region. This role reports to VP of Strategy and Operations.
The ideal candidate will be a seasoned entrepreneurial leader with experience in strategic partnerships, business development andor corporate development, having a consistent track record of handling complex relationships with large financial institutions andor technology companies. In collaboration with our strategic partners and their senior leaders, you will set JV business strategy, optimize partnership structure and explore new business opportunities. Interest, curiosity and network and experience in digital assets  crypto markets are desirable. Candidates should be comfortable working up and down organizations and with multiple stakeholders, internally and externally, and be capable of building strong relationships with partners and customers. 
WHAT YOULL DO:

Responsible for all aspects of joint venture partnerships, including strategy, partnership structure, sales and customer success, and GTM strategy with the goal to grow the teams contributions to Ripples business
Develop annualquarterly OKR targets, monitor the OKR progress and implement improvements to the existing processes
Drive alignment between the joint venture and Ripples cross-functional teams
Deliver periodic presentations on the progress of joint venture business to senior leaders at Ripple
Responsible for partnership contracts between Ripple and the joint venture by working closely with our Legal team 
Handle related partnership initiatives outside of the joint venture
Explore and execute on transformational business opportunities in Japan  Korea in the areas of crypto and blockchain; ensures that Ripple continues to expand our business footprint and thought leadership regionally
Manage a team member (JV program manager) based in Singapore
Periodic travel to Japan (and Korea) is expected



WHAT YOULL BRING: 



15 years of experience in strategic partnership and business development, ideally from a financial technology and enterprise software background; experience working in both US and Japan
Proficiency in both English and Japanese (Native Proficiency level) with outstanding verbal and written communication skills (including the ability to read complex contracts written in Japanese)
Ability to structure and solve complex and ambiguous problems
Strong understanding of the financial services (payments in particular), FinTech and crypto industry landscape in Japan and Korea; have the potential to act as a regional thought leader 
Entrepreneurial mindset and a self-starter with a strong interest in creating a new business ecosystem around crypto and blockchain
Proactive with drive and energy to deliver results independently
Comfortable working in a fast-paced global organization with multiple internal and external partners
Serious attention to detail and a commitment to excellence
MBA or equivalent experience preferred but not required

Other common names for this role: 

WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.