At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
THE WORK:
We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer, Machine Learning to optimize the way Ripple interacts with digital asset markets. Candidates will partner closely with applied scientists to deliver scalable production machine learning services to solve these liquidity challenges. You will be responsible for the implementation of the infrastructure and tools to create and deploy production models, as well as contributing back to our greater machine learning platform. You will know how the rubber meets the road in deploying models to production, working with real-time data and implementing critical checks.  This will ensure we solve business problems in as rigorously as we solve research problems; and that we use models as scientifically as we develop them.  Ideal candidates will have a track record of technical excellence in designing, building and delivering reliable solutions as part of a team. As a member of a growing initiative, you must be passionate about inventing and delivering customer-focused solutions to ambitious and ambiguous challenges.  You will contribute and maintain production-level code, raising the bar for engineering standards.  You can clearly identify feature requirements for solutions, even when problem statements are ambiguous.  You are adept at communicating across teams to drive cross-functional alignment and have the ability to think through how markets will adapt to leverage paradigm-shifting technology.  
WHAT YOULL DO:

Be an entrepreneurial builder, working up and down the data stack, mixing data engineering, machine learning and software engineering to jumpstart this new initiative.
Build the platform and tools to enable scalable, auditable, and maintainable machine learning services at Ripple
Design and implement tools and processes for the entire ML lifecycle including feature generation, model development, model deployment, model serving and experimentation
Collaborate closely with other Ripple engineers and applied scientists, bringing the benefits of automation and machine learning solutions to our customers



WHAT YOULL BRING: 



Degree in computer science or other quantitative field; masters or PhD preferred
5 years software engineering experience with 3 years developing production machine learning systems 
Experience with Python and Java
Experience with machine learning frameworks like scikit-learn, TensorFlow, or PyTorch
Experience with machine learning lifecycle platforms (KubeFlow,MLFlow) and cloud data services (GCP, AWS, Databricks)
Experience with real-time data a huge plus
A collaborative coder, comfortable with Git and code reviews
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Attention to detail and a commitment to excellence


WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.