At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
THE WORK:
Were seeking a Staff Technical Program Manager to join our team responsible for how we move, lead and make liquidity available for our customers across the globe in an efficient, robust and scalable manner. This is a challenging and technical role, requiring the expertise to synthesize business and technical requirements and the foresight to ensure we are solving Ripples current and future customer needs. You will work closely with our product and engineering teams to design robust and scalable systems, manage product schedules, remove roadblocks, and ensure high development velocity. Ideal candidates have a track record of seeing around the corner and providing technical leadership to deliver for customers. You are able to contribute to technical design and architecture discussions. You are passionate about enabling the team to invent while owning the delivery of customer-focused solutions to ambitious and ambiguous challenges.
WHAT YOULL DO:

Drive execution across our liquidity automation initiatives by understanding our customers and technology deeply.
Develop and own strategic projects around resiliency, scalability, and security.
Set up scalable processes that durably ensure alignment and accountability across all functions involved in the program.
Reduce ambiguity and risk by proactively identifying and eliminating bottlenecks, raising strategically, and making sound data-driven decisions that deliver for our customers subject to business and technical trade-offs.
Build relationships across teams and be able to anticipate, identify and manage dependencies, risks, and issues across multiple teams.
Communicate with purpose and clarity, bringing together cross-functional teams to achieve program objectives
Set up programs and practices that foster collaboration and a culture of ownership and operational excellence for teams to be their best.



WHAT YOULL BRING: 



8 years of relevant technical program management andor software engineering experience.
2 years of machine learning andor artificial intelligence experience
Experience leading the definition of technical business requirements and scope across multiple business and engineering teams.
Detailed-oriented approach coupled with superior communication skills, effectively communicating with cross-functional and multi-level stakeholders.
Enjoy working in a highly cross-functional, collaborative environment, building relationships, and achieving results without direct reporting relationships.
Strong sense of responsibility and accountability for delivering high-quality work.
Experience coordinating with geographically diverse teams.
Strong knowledge of projectprogram management methods and the insight to adjust the methods according to the teams needs.


WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.