At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
THE WORK:
In this role, As a Senior Software Engineer, you will be one of the core engineers within Ripples central Data Platform. This team implements the data infrastructure for analytics, machine learning and powering various business functions at Ripple.You are curious about the bottlenecks and failure modes of a system and look for opportunities to continually improve costperformance characteristics. You are hands-on in driving key technical decisions, ensuring the right tradeoffs are made to deliver high -quality results and deliver high, measurable customer value. You work well across functions and teams, including data science, product, application engineering, compliance, finance and others. Your passion for good engineering is complemented by strong instincts to deliver value.
WHAT YOULL DO:

Highly efficient in shipping solutions to both large and small projects. 
Often provides leadership on projects involving one or more engineers.
Can handle some ambiguity in requirements and can define and propose solutions for them.
Writes, presents, and gets agreement on the design document for a project highlighting the architecture, test plan and alternatives considered.
Owns the development and rollout for a large project.
Writes clean tech specs and identifies risks before starting major projects.
Recognizes trade-offs and identifies impactrisks between alternative solutions.
Improves code structure and architecture in service of testability and maintainability.
Plays an active role in breaking down initiatives that span multiple sprints and tasks.
Leads feature development with 1-2 collaborators.



WHAT YOULL BRING: 



Proficient( 5 - 7 yrs) in at least one primary programming language (e.g. Java, Scala, Python) and comfortable working with SQL
Ability to write elegant code and comfortable with picking up new technologies independently.
Enjoy helping teams push the boundaries of analytical insights, creating new product features using data, and powering machine-learning models.
Have a strong background in developing distributed systems with experience in scalable data pipelines
Familiar with big data technologies like Spark or Flink and comfortable in engineering data pipelines using big data technologies on financial datasets
Experience with RESTful APIs and server-side APIs integration
Highly or conceptually familiar with AWS cloud resources (S3, Lambda, API Gateway, Kinesis, Athena, etc.,) 
Experience with CICD pipeline orchestration, leveraging Gitlab, Helm, and Terraform 
Experience with administration of Docker or Kubernetes infrastructure
Appreciate the importance of excellent documentation and data debugging skills.
Excel at taking vague requirements and crystallizing them into scalable data solutions 
Excited about operating independently, demonstrating excellence, and learning new technologies and framework


WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.