At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
THE WORK:
Through our blockchain technology and rapidly growing network of financial institutions, Ripple is improving the global financial system and increasing economic inclusion for more people, in more places around the world.  Ripple is looking for an intern whos passionate about Information Security to help  build a world class Information Security program.  As part of the Information Security team, you will help us achieve this mission by actively working to protect our staff, company, and the larger crypto communities we engage with.  
WHAT YOULL DO:

Support IT-related audits and examinations conducted by external parties including ISO 27001 and SOC2 Type 2
Support Governance team in creating or updating policies, standards and procedures in alignment with compliance objectives
Support preparation of metrics and reports for management on the status of GRC objectives
Support Risk Management Team in performing risk assessments, issue management and proper documentation. 
Partner with risk and business teams to perform third-party risk assessments
Working with engineering teams to perform GRC recurring tasks as required 
Assist in selecting, configuring andor administering GRC tools
Assist with building andor testing integrations and automations with SaaSIaaS platforms to collect evidence for security audits and monitor for security configurations
Assist with developing configuration monitoring capabilities for SaaS and IaaS platforms



WHAT YOULL BRING: 



Currently pursuing a BS or BA in business, science, security or technology from an accredited university
Proven strong academic performer with a minimum GPA of 3.0
Interest in learning Information Security concepts and industry standard methodologies.
Ability to develop and demonstrate leadership, interpersonal and communication skills
Desire to show innovation through unique ideas and propose them to the team

Other common names for this role: 

WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.