At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.THE WORK:
As the Head of Global Total Rewards  HR Systems, youll have the opportunity to be strategic, creative and highly impactful in developing plans, programs, projects and systems that enable Ripple to scale as we expand our footprint globally. Located in 15 locations around the world with almost 1,000 employees we are entering our next phase of growth and development.
Reporting to the Vice President of People  Places, this role will lead a team across compensation, benefits, HR systems and analytics focused on program development, customer service, process improvement and support for employees and key stakeholders. 
WHAT YOULL DO:
You will lead a team of individuals in the day-to-day operations and delivery of Ripples Total Rewards and HR Systems and Analytics Programs. Some of your key responsibilities will include:
Total Rewards

Drive the strategic design and execution of our global Total Rewards Programs (base and variable pay, merit, promotions, quarterly bonuses, equity, benefits etc.) in line with the business needs, culture, and values.
Lead the design, implementation, and administration of innovative compensation and benefits programs and policies.
Serve as an integral member of the People Leadership Team to advise on programs impacting the organization as a whole.
Collaborate with People Business Partners and management to understand and address the unique needs of their various client groups.
Play a key role in the creation of materials for Compensation Committee meetings along with CPO and CFO to drive annual recommendations for executive compensation, equity programs, and other analysis requested by the Committee.
Early diagnosis of trends (external or internal) that could impact the business and provide workable solutions.
Lead the team through regular benchmarking cycles to analyze and assess market data, industry trends, and best practices to create market competitive reward packages and to identify potential opportunities and gaps.
Ensure that program objectives, programs and procedures are effectively communicated company-wide and understood through a variety of education and communication methods. 
Develops recommendations to adjust Total Rewards strategies and programs (ie; salary structures, benefit programs)  in response to changing organizational needs and market values.
Leads major benefits and compensation initiatives: annual performance managementmerit cycle, key incentives,equity awards and open enrollment.

HR Systems  Analytics

Leads team responsible for project planning from conception to delivery of key HR Systems initiatives, including; determining and documenting business requirements, streamlining and improving current processes and presenting new programs to the client groups as appropriate.
Evolve and enhanceour HR programs, processes, technologies, and vendor portfolios.
Driving the Ripple culture through our programs and customer service standards.
Evaluate complex datainformation to make recommendations that will assist the business in attracting, retaining, motivating and rewarding top performers.

WHAT YOULL BRING:
Were looking for a great relationship builder with powerful communication and organizational skills who wants to take the initiative and have a real impact on the future direction of our business. This role will require you to partner with people cross-functionally across the business.
We expect that youll have been in HR Total Rewards andor Systems for at least ten years, which means youll be able to demonstrate considerable experience in:

Being accountable for outstanding customer service to all external and internal customers
Developing and maintaining effective relationships with business leaders and managers, through effective and timely communication
Develop, propose and implement Total Rewards and HR Systems strategies that support business growth and scale
Responding to and resolving customer service issues quickly
Managing a variety of projects effectively
Leading and developing a global team

 
WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.