At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value. 
Ripples mission is to enable payments every way, everywhere for everyone. We believe connecting traditional financial entities like banks, payment providers and corporations with emerging blockchain technologies and users is the path to an open, decentralized, and more inclusive financial future. This Internet of Value gives any internet-enabled person, application or device access to financial services that are transparent, fast, reliable, and cheap. Delivering this vision is a challenge of massive scale spanning 155 trillion in annual cross border fiat payments and the 1.5 trillion market of digital assets that has grown 10X in the last year.
We are looking for a software engineer to join our team building trading and liquidity infrastructure at Ripple. These systems are a key part of Ripples strategy to simplify access to crypto and cross-border liquidity for enterprises. In this role, you will bring technical excellence and high standards in building highly performant trading systems.
WHAT YOULL DO:

Deliver reliable, high-throughput, low-latency (micro)services to manage trading and execution to deliver best-in-class liquidity to our customers.
Participate in the full software development lifecycle, from sculpting technical vision and software design to unit and integration testing
Dive deep in researching and understanding what practices to bring from traditional financial systems to the crypto space.
Continuously raise our standard of engineering excellence by implementing and driving best practices for coding, testing, and deployment

WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR:

5 years of hands-on Software Development experience on large scale distributed systems, including experience in high performance setting
Experience in building automated real-time trading and risk systems
Experience building and deploying containerized applications (e.g. Docker) into modern distributed computing environments such as Kubernetes
Experience with Agile development of distributed services, with a focus on robust software design, scalability and security
Eagerness to work openly and collaboratively with a diverse team
Ability to encourage and drive engineering best practices
A positive attitude and a passion for sharing knowledge
BS in Computer Science or similar

WHAT WE OFFER:

Established startup environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact
Competitive salary, equity, and benefits
Industry-leading parental leave policies
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite programs
Flexible approach to WFH and flexible vacation policy—work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Employee giving match
Modern office in London
Fully-stocked kitchen with organic snacks, beverages, and coffee drinks
Weekly company meeting—AMA style discussion with leadership team
Team outings to sports games, happy hours, game nights and more!

WHO WE ARE:
Ripple is doing for value what the internet did for information: enabling its instant and seamless flow around the world. We call this the Internet of Value (IoV). Using blockchain and cryptocurrency technology, Ripple is dedicated to creating powerful gains in financial efficiency, equity and inclusion. In addition, Ripple is developing and enabling the future use cases that will catalyze the new digital economy for governments, businesses and consumers.
Ripple has offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, London, Mumbai, Singapore, So Paulo, Reykjavk, Washington D.C. and Dubai.
WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.