At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
THE WORK:
Were looking for an impactful Product Manager who is passionate about using crypto technology to redefine the 160T cross-border payments space. In this role you will help across multiple initiatives including building solutions that help scale the liquidity capacity for crypto payments and enabling data to be used to make optimal business decisions. To succeed, you will be strategic and detailed to lead cross-functional teams on initiatives that improve the experience of our customers and partners.
WHAT YOULL DO:

Deeply understand the needs of customers, partners, and stakeholders to deliver an incredible cross-border payments experience and achieve our OKRs. 
Translate these needs into opportunities and be responsible for the roadmap to achieve OKRs
Engage with a wide range of cross-functional teams such as markets, finance, customer support, and data science to gather requirements and drive go-to-market
Work closely with various engineering teams to build products and features that delight users
Be a data guide and surface the data to relevant users in an easy, reliable and accurate way



WHAT YOULL BRING: 



Passion for crypto technologies and how they can be used to improve traditional finance.
Ability to take a big ambiguous problem and translate it into product requirements and roadmap
Ability to understand both business needs and technical requirements and communicate across different teams
Experience in analyzing, understanding and improving data to drive business decisions 
Experience working cross-functionally to drive alignment and execution
Experience being diligent while simultaneously keeping the big-picture in mind
Minimum 5 years of professional experience and 2 years in product management
Prior experience at a fast-paced technology company
Bonus points - familiarity with blockchain crypto, payments, andor markets liquidity; understanding of trading and markets
 

Other common names for this role: Product Manager

WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.