At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.etaco is developing world class custody infrastructure, designed for tier 1 institutions. To help deploy its solutions to customers globally we are seeking an experienced enablement engineer to help on-board new clients into the platform, help them design governance flow and operating models, as well as leading API implementation.
You will have the opportunity to work with the worlds largest global custodians, banks, regulated exchanges and corporates and gain hands-on experience to an exciting emerging asset class.
 
WHAT YOULL DO:
 

Join an exciting team and onboard clients onto the cutting-edge Harmonize platform through a mix of trainings and support. Showcase how Harmonize can meet clients business needs and help formalize their requirements.
Provide functional and technical expertise across all of Metacos products and service offerings. Own and manage customers training sessions, contributing to the knowledge database by writing articles, best practices, and how-to documents.
Assist clients with deploying innovative Metaco products and solutions. Utilize data to provide insights and recommended action plans to improve customer experience workflows. Ensure client deployments follow the companys recommendations and highlight risks to increase customer satisfaction.
Drive product maturation via customerpartner feedback and ideation work with Product Management and Engineering. Partner closely with Metaco product and engineering on feature definition, prioritization, design reviews, and rollouts. Work with Sales, Business Development, Account Management, and Product to ensure processes and tools are in place for the wider rollout of new products.
Lead solution design and integration discussions with customer business and technical teams to ensure requirements are understood, documented, and meet expectations. Break down project objectives into appropriate and manageable tasks and milestones.
Provide business and technical expertise in customer dialog and up-selling of new Metaco services. Advise and guide customerspartners to achieve maximum benefits from their implementation. 
Travel to customer and partner locations when work-related travel resumes (20-30). Embrace innovation and strive to improve support processes to increase customer experience and satisfaction. 
Join a dynamic and innovative team that values creativity and teamwork. Play an integral role in driving the growth of the company and shaping the future of the crypto custody industry.

 
WHAT YOULL BRING:

Strong understanding of complex software product architecture, including SaaS deployment and on-premise. Experience with REST API, web technologies, Docker, Kubernetes, and scripting languages such as JavaScript or Python.
Experience writing code and applying new technologies to create market-leading solutions on a global scale. In-depth knowledge of the wider market dynamics, challenges, and technological advancements surrounding Ripple and its customerspartners.
Proactive and driven with a talent for leading and inspiring others. Expertise in driving customerpartner software integration engagements and providing exceptional support across multiple channels.
Utilize knowledge of crypto markets to solve complex challenges and demonstrate aptitude in decision-making and problem-solving. Possess excellent planning skills and able to manage multiple priorities and tasks. Adaptable to meeting the evolving needs of a high-growth and fast-paced organization.
Exceptional team-working and interpersonal skills, with a positive attitude and the ability to build trust and confidence among customers, suppliers, partners, and colleagues.
Strong communication skills, both in written and oral form. Excellent level of English.

WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.