At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
Hyper Accelerating the Internet of Value
This role is open to candidates located in Toronto.
RippleX supports one of the worlds fastest, most sustainable, and consistently reliable blockchains - the XRP Ledger. (Fun fact: its been carbon neutral for over two years now!)
Were focused on helping others to solve their own problems using the XRPL. For example:

Weve written intuitive libraries for developers to easily send money through their apps. 
Weve contributed specs to the open source ledger to handle new use cases like NFTs. 
Were creating a toolkit for people to spin up their own sidechain networks to experiment with.
Were enabling blockchain infrastructure that is supported by RippleX and owned by everyone.

Our mission is to make it easier to tap into the power of instant decentralized payments by providing infrastructure, tools, and support for developers to build on the XRPL.
We are seeking software engineering (computer science) interns who match our beliefs in the power of this technology. You also see the huge potential of this technology and have the entrepreneurial spirit and technical excellence to realize the vision we have. There is a lot of work to get there but we are committed to building out the best team to achieve this.
WHAT YOULL WORK ON: (Based on skills and interest)

Building developer-friendly libraries to make it easy to use and understand the XRP Ledger (using languages like Python and JavaScript)
Helping to create a webapp used by central banks to issue and manage their own digital currencies (React)
Making an open source Slack bot to monitor the ledger and notify people about important events (TypeScript)
Implementing tools to help new developers quickly ramp-up and leverage the XRPLs capabilities

Note: These are potential projects - you dont need to know every language listed.
WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR:

You are currently in a Bachelors or Masters program in Computer Science, Engineering or similar 
Youve worked on open source projects, developer platforms, andor API-driven software
Youre experienced working with any of TypeScriptJavaScript, Java, Python, or C
Youre excited to learn about blockchains and how to make the ecosystem better
You look to solve problems with simple solutions, rather than technically perfect ones

WHAT WE OFFER:

Regionally competitive pay and a one-time cash stipend 
Exposure to the crypto-currency and digital asset space!
A hands-on learning environment where you can dive into the latest technologies and engineering principles
Fully-stocked kitchen with organic snacks, beverages  coffee drinks 
Catered lunches in office 2x week
Team outings to sports games, happy hours, game nights and more
A collaborative work environment with deeply experienced cryptographers, security experts, Silicon Valley and Wall Street veterans
The opportunity to help change the way the world transacts


 
WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.