At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
THE WORK:


Ripple is expanding its Global  Compliance team and seeks to hire an experienced Senior Due Diligence Specialist. This position will be heavily focused on carrying out and overseeing due diligence to mitigate regulatory, reputational and sanctions risks associated with Ripples institutional clients, counterparties and corporate partners to ensure compliance with Anti-Money Laundering (AML), Counter-Terrorist Financing, Fraud and Economic Sanctions regulations. You will be part of our growing and agile Global Compliance team and responsible for providing due diligence reviews in support of business units throughout the company. This position reports to the Senior Manager, Global KYC   Due Diligence.


WHAT YOULL DO:

Carry out the day-to-day corporate due diligence to support Ripples global business engagements.
Conduct Customer Due Diligence and Enhanced Due Diligence on prospective customers that onboard to Ripples U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries.
Conduct Know Your Customer (KYC) analysis and risk profiles in accordance with policies and procedures.
Ensure that the regional KYC standards are met by coordinating with regional Compliance leads.
Perform quality control on onboarding submissions, ensuring accuracy and providing constructive feedback as needed.
Conduct watchlist and negative news screening and dispositioning tasks, escalating any items requiring additional attention.
Collect, synthesize, and analyze data derived from multiple sources, including publicly available databases and websites.
Identify information gaps and recommend action items to close any gaps identified.
Identify procedural inefficiencies and help develop and drive process improvements.
Manage incoming requests by prioritizing workflows and assigning as applicable.
Clearly summarize, document, and communicate findings and recommended action items in a timely manner to compliance management andor other internal stakeholders when appropriate.
Provide guidance, clarifications, and answer queries from stakeholders on operational matters.
Work cross-functionally with teams across the enterprise to address compliance related issues.
Conduct periodic training on topics ranging from policy and procedures, industry trends, and regulatory updates.
Perform periodic due diligence reviews on customers based on their assigned risk scores.
Collaborate closely with client onboarding, technology, legal, and members of the Compliance teams including the regional er Compliance leads.
Assist the Due Diligence Leadership in strategic ad hoc projects related to the due diligence program.



WHAT YOULL BRING: 



5-8 years of experience in compliance in financial services, FinTech or cryptocurrency industries, with at least 2 years of experience with KYC, due diligence and OFAC sanctions screening
Well versed with AML, sanctions, money transmission, and virtual currencies regulations, and industry best practices
Demonstrated knowledge in Sanctions screening utilizing systems such as LexisNexis, WorldCheck, RDC, and Google
Experience with andor keen interest in cryptocurrency and blockchain
Strong writtenverbal communication, both internally and externally Good presentation skills, multitasking capability, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills
Excellent research, analytical, and due diligence skills
Comfortable executing independently in a team environment with minimal supervision
An attention to detail and a sense of curiosity
Professional certifications (e.g. CAMS, CFCS, CFE, and CCAS) a plus

Other common names for this role: 
For positions that will be based in NY, the annual salary range for this position is below. Actual salaries may vary based on numerous factors including, among other things, an individual applicants experience and qualifications for the position. This range does not include equity or additional compensation, such as bonuses or commissions. NY Annual Base Salary Range100,000—129,000 USD
WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.