At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.THE WORK:
As a member of Ripples Financial Risk team, youll play a critical role in identifying, quantifying, and mitigating the financial risks present across Ripples business lines. Youll work cross-functionally with many Ripple teams including Sales, Business Development, Trading and Markets, Legal, Product, Engineering, and Finance to simultaneously enable growth and manage Risk. This role will serve as the in-region lead and primary point of contact for managing risk and related communications.
WHAT YOULL DO:

Participate in periodic enterprise-wide risk assessments
Credit Risk Management: 

Work closely with commercial teams to assess risk, implement process, and drive education
Conduct credit underwriting  financial statement analysis to gauge counterparty financial health and make business recommendations accordingly
Build and implement credit risk models in-line with local standards to meet financial and regulatory reporting requirements
Analyze and monitor Ripples existing and evolving customer portfolio including setting credit exposure limits, allocation, concentration, pricing, terms, stress testing, etc
Develop the processes and tools for managing, tracking, and reporting of financial covenants and collateral
Minimize bad debt expense by effectively negotiating and structuring workout agreements
Assist in developing and refining Credit policies and procedures

Market Risk Management: 

Partner with the Trading and Markets team to review, reconcile, and report on Ripples trading activity 
Build and implement the necessary reporting tools to quantify and display Ripples exposure to both fiat and digital currencies

Other Risk

Develop the processes and procedures to identify and manage risks associated with growing commercial activity and expansion of products and services

Build and implement a robust governance structure and risk reporting systems to ensure senior management and the local Board of Directors remain abreast of Ripples risk profile

WHAT YOULL BRING: 

3 years of experience in financial markets, credit risk management, trading, or related financial services roles
Higher education in a quantitative field, such as Economics, Finance, Data Analytics and etc.
Commercial mindset and proven ability to understand complex products and work with business teams to implement creative solutions 
In-depth knowledge of financial statement analysis
Strong relationship building skills and willingness to collaborate cross functionally
Strong communicator and ability to convey highly technical topics in an easy to understand manner
Crypto andor cross-border payments experience a plus
Prior debt restructuring andor workout negotiations experience a plus

Behaviors:

Highly accountable; takes ownership over tasks to ensure successful outcomes
Team first attitude 
Adaptable to shifting priorities, ability to multitask, and performs well under pressure
Leads with inclusive actions and has a strong work ethic

 
WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.