At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.We are looking for a Director in Engineering to lead our teams charged with determining and delivering optimal liquidity for every customer in the world in a cost-effective, robust and scalable manner.
THE WORK
You will mentor, lead and grow the team of Applied Scientists, Engineers, and Technical Program Managers building our liquidity and trading platforms that power Ripples payments and crypto liquidity products. From forecasting supply and demand, to optimizing routing across traditional and digital assets and venues, to enabling price discovery for the long-tail of crypto assets and tokens, to building a globally distributed, highly performant trading platform—the team uses cutting-edge ML and engineering techniques to dramatically simplify access to liquidity.
Ideal candidates will have a track record of leadership and technical excellence in designing and delivering reliable global-scale solutions. You will be a hands-on leader, diving deep to set the right goals, set technical direction and deliver results in an incremental manner without sacrificing a long-term vision. You must be passionate about inventing and delivering customer-focused solutions to ambitious and ambiguous challenges.
WHAT YOULL DO

Provide technical and scientific leadership for our forecasting, planning, routing, risk management, execution and experimentation systems that scalably and reliably deliver best-in-class liquidity to our customers.
Own and deliver your roadmap while driving technical and operational excellence across our engineering and machine learning systems
Be a program owner, responsible for business outcomes and technological innovation
Mentor and guide the professional and technical development of your team, both your direct reports and the broader org
Instill a spirit of continuous improvement in the teams inventions and processes, so we can rapidly deliver innovations for customers

WHAT YOULL BRING

Degree in computer science or other quantitative field; masters or PhD preferred
Demonstrated ability in software development
Experience building, growing, and leading hard-working engineering teams.
Experience delivering complex, real-time internet-scale systems involving machine learning and AI; preferred if in finance or trading domains
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, demonstrated through experience working with technical and non-technical teams
Grow with autonomy and responsibility.
Track record of recruiting and mentoring world-class teams

For positions that will be based in NYC, the annual salary range for this position is 234,080 - 292,600.  Actual salaries may vary based on numerous factors including, among other things, an individual applicants experience and qualifications for the position.
WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.