At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.Performance Engineer
Ripples mission is to enable payments every way, everywhere for everyone. We believe connecting traditional financial entities like banks, payment providers and corporations with emerging blockchain technologies and users is the path to an open, decentralized, and more inclusive financial future. This Internet of Value gives any internet-enabled person, application or device access to financial services that are transparent, fast, reliable, and cheap. Delivering this vision is a challenge of massive scale spanning 155 trillion in annual cross border fiat payments and the 1.5 trillion market of digital assets that has grown 10X in the last year.
THE WORK:
We are looking for performance engineers to join a growing team that is in charge of performance, scalability and reliability of the XRPL network. You will work closely with developers, scientists, devOps and other members in the performance team to gain deep knowledge on softwares design; use cases and its data flow, model realistic load profiles and conduct comprehensive performance testing and tuning on products and features we deliver as a team to the XRPL community. The ideal candidate should have a strong CS background, be passionate about problem solving, possess strong analytical and logical thinking skills and be very detail oriented.
WHAT YOULL DO

Work with teams across the organization in acquiring performance requirements and load forecast metrics
Participate in the full software development lifecycle, from software design and requirements gathering to iterative performance testing
Work with the development team to understand feature details and call flows in order to design realistic performance testing load model and test data shapes
Develop comprehensive load simulators and all necessaries tools required for the testing


Conduct iterative performance testing; bottleneck detectingremoving; code profiling and comprehensive tunings at all levels (OS, network, software and database)


Provide tuning and sizing guidelines for the software products
Work closely with the devOps and infrastructure team to provide key performance monitoring and alerting metrics
Be a technical subject matter expert, provide technical leadership and share your expertise with a growing team of engineers
Continuously raise our standard of engineering excellence by proactively looking out for problematic signs that may affect products performance andor reliability

WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR

Bachelors degree or higher in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent industry experience
3 years of experience in software performance engineering or software engineering field with a focus on performance and scalability
5 years of experience in software industry
Experience with Apache JMeter or other load testing tool(s), working knowledge of Python or other scripting languages
Working knowledge with at least one Object-Oriented programming language.
Solid computer science background with deep understanding on OS, networking, and web facing technologies
Familiar with LinuxUnix shell environment, basic system administration skills
Excellent communication skills in both verbal and written

WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.