At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
We are seeking a Software Architect to join our Engineering team in Switzerland.
WHAT YOULL DO:

Contribute, mentor, and review product change proposals to ensure architectural quality
Learn, analyse, and propose improvements to our current architecture
Make technical decisions, produce standards and guidelines, and ensure that the system meets the business, technical, and quality requirements
Collaborate with internal partners to validate architectural changes, collect feedback, and share the architecture ownership
Build and maintain documentation and diagrams to communicate the architecture internally and externally
Collaborate with clients to understand their needs and requirements, occasionally providing guidance on technical topics
Learn continuously and stay up-to-date on industry standards and emerging practices, providing suggestions to the team



WHAT YOULL BRING:


3 years of architecture and systems design experience
Knowledge of software architecture principles, patterns, and practices
Experience scaling high-availability distributed systems
Experience with on-premise and SaaS contexts 
Knowledge in one or several of these topics: blockchains, enterprise software integration, front end architecture, data lakes, secure systems, cryptography
Positive communication and interpersonal ability, willingness to work with remote teammates and clients
Ability to mentor and coach team members

Other common names for this role: Scala Developer, Scala Engineer, Scala Architect, Technical Architect, Systems Architect, Technical Design Engineer, Technical Design Lead, Application Architect, Software Architecture, Service Architect, Platform Architect
WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.