At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.Ripple is expanding its Global Compliance team and seeks to hire an experienced Head of Compliance (AMLCFT Officer) in its Singapore office. This role will be focused on building and leading the Singapore Compliance program and maintaining its digital payment token business activities. 
 
Reporting to the  Vice President, Global Head of Compliance in the United States, you will oversee, implement and maintain the Financial Crime Compliance e.g., Anti money laundering (AML) and General Compliance programs in Singapore, work with the Global Compliance teams in the United States to execute controls that adequately comply with applicable regulatory requirements, work with business teams on compliance matters, respond to regulatory queries and act as the point of contact with regulators to represent Ripple on compliance matters.
 
What Youll Do
 

Drive strategy, framework and execution of Ripple Singapores Compliance program to ensure applicable regulatory requirements and risk requirements are being met comprehensively.
Develop compliance risk assessments and draftamend policies and procedures for new products, services and activities.
Work collaboratively with cross functional partners, including Licensing, Legal, Policy, Finance to support regional license expansion initiatives (e.g., new regional applications or license amendment applications) by providing necessary compliance materials, addressing queries and coordinating regulatory responses.
Be point of contact for the day to day implementation and execution of Compliance policies related to the Singapore region. 
Work closely with the Global Compliance team to carry out General Compliance and Financial Crime Compliance operations such as customer onboarding,  enhanced due diligence reviews, transaction monitoring, STR filing, sanctions screening, vendor reviews, business continuity etc.
In coordination with the Global Compliance team:

Maintain and execute risk-based Know Your Customer (KYC), transaction monitoring (both on-chain and off-chain), watchlist screening, and regulatory reporting procedures.
Lead the end-to-end implementation of new compliance tools, draft model documents, and perform annual model validation of KYC, transaction monitoring and sanctions screening tools to detect unusual activity and investigate and report suspicious activity in accordance with regulatory requirements.

Build relationships with relevant internal teams (product, sales, business development, customer success) to ensure that compliance queries are responded to in a timely manner and that such teams operate in accordance with the global compliance standards.
Oversee annual QA review and internal audits, coordinate responses to third-party audits and regulatory queries, and lead remediation efforts of any resulting findings andor corrective actions in a timely manner.
Conduct annual risk assessments and make annual updates to policies, procedures, and other relevant program documents. 
Work with Compliance leads across various jurisdictions to provide strategic planning, organizational structure, and focus areas to meet quarterly goals and key results. 
Serve as the compliance Subject Matter Expert to the business,  actively communicating cross-functionally to identify compliance gaps, implement controls, provide recommendations, and oversee any resulting corrective actions and program enhancements.
Prepare reports to the Global Head, senior management, and the Board of Directors to communicate all relevant compliance issues and escalate any important or high risk compliance issues.

 
What Were Looking For
 

12 years of relevant experience within a financial servicestechnology regulatory compliance role, law enforcement role, or government agency role with deep expertise in financial crimes compliance.
2 years of people management experience.
Experience with cryptocurrency AML and sanctions program management.
Strong operational knowledge in building and running a sound compliance program, with hands-on knowledge and an understanding of regulatory requirements for Singapore.
Proven ability to understand complex AML and sanctions risk and operational issues and develop practical and risk-based solutions.
Ability to provide practical, strategic and business-oriented advice.
Ability to effectively present on AML and sanctions topics to internal and external parties, including the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Proven ability to oversee multiple concurrent projects.
Strong written and verbal communication skills; at ease communicating and presenting to senior management.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively.
Experience with technology andor financial services companies.
CAMS or other equivalent certification preferred.

WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.