At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
Hyper-Accelerating the Internet of Value.
We champion the builders of tomorrow by providing the infrastructure, tools, services, programs, and support for creation on one of the worlds fastest, most sustainable, and consistently reliable public blockchain - XRPL. By supporting an open community of developers, they can advance the solutions and innovation needed to allow businesses, consumers, institutions, and governments to fuel the engine of a new digital economy.
RippleX operates on the belief that realizing the Internet of Value hinges on how easily new technology works for more people, and how effectively we can change the way the world operates today.
RippleX is helping more people participate in the digital economy through:

Practical support and capabilities to develop applications that move digital value faster and more easily
Empowering a community thats democratizing the digital economy 
The expertise of a technology company that is known for vision and pragmatism 
Blockchain infrastructure that is supported by RippleX and owned by everyone

We have a big vision and the ambition to match. We are seeking the same in engineers. You also see the huge potential of this technology and have the entrepreneurial spirit and technical excellence to realize the vision we have.There is a lot of work to get there but we are committed to building out the best team to achieve this.
WHAT YOULL DO:

Support and create tools and services that surprise and delight the community of developers
Contribute to the technical vision of our products and services
Create and support user interfaces that surprise and delight customers
Prototype new user experiences relating to CBDCs and the XRP Ledger
Work with other internalexternal partners and stakeholders to gather feedback and improve our products and services



WHAT YOULL BRING: 

5 years experience building front-end applications using React
Knowledge of front-end fundamentals: HTML, CSS, Javascript
You care about UX and work well with design teams
Experience building responsive and accessible user interfaces
Experience working with, defining, and consuming APIs (REST andor GraphQL)
You seek to deeply understand the low-level details of the technologies you work with and the problems you work on
You look to solve problems with simple solutions, rather than technically perfect ones
Bachelors in Computer Science or similar plus 5 years of software development experience

NICE TO HAVE:

Typescript experience preferred
Experience working on open source projects
Experience working on developer platforms


WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.