At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
THE WORK:
Ripple is growing and we are looking for a dynamic and growth-oriented candidate to join the Sales Team as Sales Director for North America based in New York. Ripple is a crypto solutions leader that is transforming how the world moves, manages, and tokenizes value. We are working to bring the Internet of Value to life - and looking for talent to help drive this crypto-enabled future.  The candidate is responsible for growing our customer base here in North America and identifying and validating new customer segments. As a member of the Sales team, the candidate will help to shape regional sales strategy, and source and secure customers which may include payment companies, fin-techs, banks, corporates, and others.
WHAT YOULL DO:

Develop the market, driving real world use of blockchain for non-speculative use cases
Identify and source new customers such as payment players, fintechs, regional banks, and corporates that require cross-border payment solutions 
Achieve quarterly and annual targets set by the Company
Be the voice of the customer and work with product, marketing, customer successsales teams to help drive use cases for cross-border payments and other products
Build internal relationships and partner with other Ripple teams to help introduce a full line of Ripple products, services and capabilities to prospects
Help product marketing to refine go-to-market strategies based on feedback from customers 
Work with cross-functional teams to formulate deal strategies, tactics, and account plans to develop the necessary relationships and move deals to closure



WHAT YOULL BRING: 



Bachelors degree required
8 years of experience in the sales and BD, preferably in payments industry
12 years of product sales experience, ideally payments product related, at a major enterprise software vendor or other relevant industry player
Highly accomplished sales career, with a proven track record of successful sales, culminating in multiple sales achievement awards
Strong knowledge of global financial and payments markets
Working knowledge of regulations surrounding the financial services industry in North America
Excellent communication skills with demonstrated ability to hunt and exceed targets
A history of achieving goals with quantifiable results, demonstrating outstanding negotiation and closing skills
Excellent at cultivating relationships with decision makers in client organizations, including demonstrable evidence of the ability to credibly interact with, and influence, senior level and C-Suite executives
High energy, with a constantly positive outlook
Ability to work in a fast-paced, high pressure environment with frequent domestic travel
Highly adaptable with a growth mindset and able to flourish in a very dynamic environment where change is a constant

 
For positions that will be based in NY, the annual salary range for this position is below. Actual salaries may vary based on numerous factors including, among other things, an individual applicants experience and qualifications for the position. This range does not include equity or additional compensation, such as bonuses or commissions. NY Annual Base Salary Range150,000—150,000 USD
WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.