At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.Ripples mission is to enable the world to move value like it already moves information on the web today. With 300 customers around the world, were providing a frictionless experience for banks, payment providers, and exchanges to send money globally, using blockchain technology and the digital asset XRP. Were solving unique challenges but we cant do it alone. We look for teammates who push us to work smarter, harder, and faster.
The Data team internship is a great way to drive impact and contribute to the continued success of Ripples solutions for cross-border payments.
WHAT YOULL DO:
You will work with a team of data scientists and engineers who use data to drive Ripples Product strategy and success. The entire Payment Data Science team works collaboratively and is a strong partner for teams across the company. You will get to meet and learn from diverse and talented colleagues.
Data science and applied science candidates will dive in on high priority initiatives, including developing liquidity strategies for RippleNet products, defining new performance metrics for the RippleNet network and analyzing emerging DeFi and blockchain applications.
 
WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR:

Currently enrolled in an undergraduate or in a graduate program, preferably in a science or quantitative field
Hands-on experience with tailoring and applying quantitative approaches to business questions, and analyzing and interpreting data
Experience with SQL, Python or R, and data visualization tools
Solid understanding of statistical concepts and machine learning models
Comfortable collaborating with cross-functional teams using strong written and verbal communication skills
Leads with inclusive actions and has a strong work ethic
Interests in open-source, entrepreneurship, economics and financial markets, creative thinking, systems thinking, or cryptography are a plus

WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.