At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value. 
We are seeking a Senior Support Engineer L2  to join QA and Support team in India
The ideal candidate will be responsible for providing top-tier technical assistance to our clients, offering guidance on using our software, and using their expertise in API integration and scripting to assist client into their technical queries. As a key member of our support team, the Senior Support Engineer L2 will play an essential role in ensuring our clients satisfaction.
WHAT YOULL DO:

Provide Level 2 technical support to clients, addressing their queries and concerns in a timely and professional manner. 
Offer expert advice and guidance on the use of our software, including its features, functions, and best practices. 
Troubleshoot and resolve complex technical issues related to our product, escalating to higher support levels as necessary. 
Assist clients with API integration, providing clear and concise documentation and support. 
Collaborate with internal teams, including developers, product managers, and QA, to ensure continuous product improvement and customer satisfaction. 
Create and maintain technical documentation, including knowledge base articles, FAQs, and user guides. 
Train and mentor junior support engineers, sharing knowledge and expertise. 
Stay up-to-date with industry trends, emerging technologies, and best practices in the financial services and digital asset management space. 

WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field. 
A minimum of 5 years of experience in technical support 
Strong knowledge of API integration, RESTful APIs, and API troubleshooting. 
Proficiency in scripting languages such as Python, JavaScript, or Bash. 
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills, with the ability to diagnose and resolve complex technical issues. 
Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to explain technical concepts to non-technical users. 
Strong customer service skills and a commitment to delivering a high level of client satisfaction. 
Ability to work independently and as part of a team, managing multiple tasks and priorities. 
Technical knowledge in blockchain and crypto is a big plus 

WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.