At Ripple, were building a world where value moves like information does today. Its big, its bold, and were already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 
If youre ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.Build end-to-end machine learning-enabled solutions. Develop the liquidity engine that powers the Internet of Value.   Utilize technical expertise and analysis of data and user requirements to plan, invent, design, build and deliver reliable customer-focused solutions. Determine, deliver, and build automated systems for delivering crypto liquidity instantly, efficiently, cost-effectively and in a scalable manner. Forecast supply and demand, optimize routing across traditional and digital assets and venues, and price and risk management systems. Design and implement scalable, auditable, and maintainable machine learning services. Collaborate with Ripple engineers and data scientists to build a world-class machine learning platform. Telecommuting permitted 50 or more but less than 100 per week within same geographic location as assigned office location.
40 hrsweek, Mon-Fri, 8:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m.  
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: 
Must have a Masters degree in Statistics, Physics, Data Science, Analytics, Computer Science or other related quantitative field, plus two (2) years of experience with machine learning. 
Of the required experience, must have 2 years of experience in all of the following technologies: 

SQL;
Using common Python ML tools including Pandas, Scikit Learn, Numpy, andor Tensorflow; and
BI tooling using Tableau, Excel, PowerBI, andor Looker.

Of the required experience, must have 2 years of experience communicating to non-technical stakeholders how machine learning models affect business outcomes, and using BI tools to visualize results in a user-friendly way.
Of the required experience, must have 2 years of experience in statistical modeling, time series analysis, supervised and unsupervised learning, and experimentation using machine learning models. 
Of the required experience, must have 1 year of experience in four or more of the following:

Cloud computing platforms (AWS, GCP, or Azure);
Text mining or natural language processing;
Anomaly detection;
Agile development practices;
Docker; and
Deploying client-facing analytics applications.

LI-DNI
 For positions that will be based in CA, the annual salary range for this position is below. Actual salaries may vary based on numerous factors including, among other things, an individual applicants experience and qualifications for the position. This range does not include equity or additional compensation, such as bonuses or commissions. CA Annual Base Salary Range176,490—179,000 USD
WHO WE ARE:
Do Your Best Work

The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work from home, from our offices, or a combination of the two around our centers of gravity (15 global offices).
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!

Take Control of Your Finances

Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend

Take Care of Yourself

Twice a quarter RR days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite  virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacksbeverages, and plenty of fun events

Benefits listed above are for full-time Ripple employees. For all Metaco roles, please discuss benefits with your recruiter. 

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Were committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UKEU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.