Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The Financial Crimes Sanctions Investigations team at Robinhood ensures our firm complies with all laws, regulations, and guidance related to sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets (OFAC).
As a Financial Crimes Sanctions Quality Assurance Associate, youll perform QA case reviews, across all workstreams from blocked property reports to customer screening to money movements. Youll review a diverse range of processes and controls across our business, and may also conduct QA reviews of vendor resources. The right candidate has prior Sanctions quality assurance experience working with a broker-dealer or FinTech company.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Manage the quality assurance process from sampling and script development to performing the quality assurance reviews and developing reporting
Collaborate with management to share quality performance issues and provide regular reports on overall performance and trends, ensuring adherence to predetermined quality assurance standards and business operating procedures
Review and analyze all work streams and to identify opportunities for efficiencies and to mitigate potential risk to the firm
Be the subject matter expert for all of the Sanctions processes, employee performance, and controls, escalating critical issues as they are identified

What you bring 

Bachelors Degree
3 years working in Sanctions Quality Assurance for a broker-dealer or FinTech company
Knowledge of Sanctions regulations, risks, and applicable rules
Experience with sanctions screening tools and blockchain analytics software (e.g. LexisNexis, Actimize, Chainalysis, TRM Labs,Elliptic)
High attention to detail with critical thinking and problem solving skills alongside strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to effectively manage multiple priorities and adapt to a changing environment
Experience in analyzing data to provide recommendations that drive the efficacy of the teams workflows and processes.
Exceptional interpersonal skills and ability to develop strong working relationships
Resourceful, persistent and ability to thrive in fast paced, entrepreneurial environment

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 74000 - 87000US Zone 2: 65000 - 77000US Zone 3: 58000 - 68000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.