Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
Our Content Design team contributes to our mission to help build the most intuitive product experiences and make financial wellness accessible to everyone. The ideal candidate is passionate about crafting product content that enables users to understand the world of finance and all it has to offer. This is an outstanding opportunity to join a team that has garnered significant accolades including the Apple Design Award and Google Play Award.
Were looking for an experienced Content Designer to jump into our Equities team with a mission to make Robinhood the best  safest place to trade stocks.
This role is perfect for someone who wants to dig into the inner-workings of investing that make Robinhood tick, and help shape our core trading, extended-hours trading, and new investment category experiences. This team is focused on a healthy mix of pioneering new products while evolving current offerings, and you could have a huge impact on some of our most used products.
This team in particular has a strong focus on culture, with its own values (People First, Dream Big, Growth Mindset, Hyper Collaborative, Strong Ownership Mentality), a weekly social, and occasional (optional) in-person outings.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Partner with design, product, and research to build delightful user experiences and shape the product roadmap
Engage throughout the product development process to improve the overall experience and ensure consistency
Create and advocate for approachable language that best communicates our mission externally
Develop frameworks, guidelines, audits, and processes to help define and improve product content at Robinhood
Balance customer experience and business impact with speed and quality
Incorporate user research into content decisions for product experiences
Ensure high-quality content for our products in terms of simplicity, education, and delightfulness
Share your work with other Content Designers and provide feedback during weekly crits

What you bring

4-6 years of experience in UX writing or content design experience
Eagerness to shape product direction and vision from ideation to post-launch
Experience defining, tracking, and reporting on content metrics and an ability to communicate this efficiently to the team
Ability to adapt quickly and work independently in a fast-paced environment with shifting constraints
Experience collaborating with designers, product managers, and user researchers
Familiarity working with compliance and legal teams during the content development and approval process
A portfolio or selection of writing samples and past work to share

Bonus points:

A keen sense of humor
Deep interest in reinventing finance a major PLUS

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 200000 - 235000US Zone 2: 176000 - 207000US Zone 3: 156000 - 183000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.