Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The Network Engineering Team at Robinhood exemplifies our Safety First value by building and automating the fabric that connects our customers, partners, and products. We operate Tier-0 services in production, as well as secure interconnected environments.
As a Staff Software Engineer on our Network Engineering Team, you will be leading, building and owning our next generation network automation stack. You will be working on our network control services, and integrating them with Robinhoods production services.
You will be working alongside a team of engineers responsible for building automation services, monitoring, deployment management, AWS connectivity, and production peering. You will work closely with security, corporate engineering, business automation and third parties to ensure secure and reliable availability of network services.
What youll do

You will design and build our network automation platform.
You will write high quality and well tested, secure code to ship to our customers.
You will create and implement strategies to continually improve the security posture and reliability of Robinhoods network.
You will participate in a 247 on-call rotation for network services.

What you bring 

You love to code, and have integrated software with network devices, routing protocols and AWS.
You have a strong familiarity with change control in an uptime critical environment.
You have experience with network security principals.
You have a strong familiarity with automation of cloud infrastructure such as AWS, Azure and GCP.
You have experience with tools such as Ansible and Terraform
You have built and shipped network automation platforms from zero-to-one

What we offer

Market driven and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 217000 - 255000US Zone 2: 190000 - 224000US Zone 3: 169000 - 199000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.