Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the Team  Role: 
Robinhood is looking for a Client Platform Engineer to join the Client Platform Engineering team. The CPE team is responsible for building out and supporting endpoint management tools for internal employees across our supported platforms.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What Youll Do:

Work with cross collaborative teams to expand upon, and maintain the security and stability of our endpoint management infrastructure with a primary focus on macOS.
Build out, support and maintain management tooling for ChromeOS, Windows, and mobile phones.
Assist in the building of new tools based on internal requirements and specifications.
Act as a point of escalation for other Corporate Engineering teams and assist in triaging issues related to CPE tooling.
Perform code reviews, write documentation and drive engineering best practices.

What Youll Bring:

Previous experience supporting a fleet of macOS devices
Have a basic understanding of modern endpoint management tooling
Have a strong IT support background
A scripting background using languages such as Python, or Bash
Be a creative thinker and problem solver that can just as easily work on their own or as part of a team

Bonus points:

Experience supporting Windows and ChromeOS
Experience building out API integrations for SaaS tools.
Experience with Open-Source tools

What We Offer:

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more! 
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 111000 - 130000US Zone 2: 97000 - 114000US Zone 3: 76000 - 89000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.