Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
Robinhood is looking for a data governance and protection professional who is passionate about data governance, security, and privacy to become a member of the Security team. This role will work with teams across Robinhood to ensure our products and services protect user and business data by designing architectures, tools, and features that make Robinhoods data collection, storage and processing safe and secure throughout the data lifecycle. You will be the technical advocate for data governance decisions, designs, and discussions. You will not only lead the development of industry-vetted data governance solutions but drive innovative ideas to implementation as the company evolves and grows.
 
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Partner with non-technical teams (legal, compliance, product) to maintain a strong understanding of relevant legal and compliance requirements that impact our business and our products
Architect and design technical governance and security solutions to meet applicable legal and compliance requirements and adhere to our internal policies and industry best practices. Areas of focus include data access controls  identity and access management (IAM), data encryption, data recovery, data loss prevention, and scanning and alerting, as well as foundational data governance capabilities including discovery, classification, tagging, lineage, retention and deletion
Deliver clear technical requirements to technical engineering teams to inform the build of technical governance and security solutions, with the capability to map the same back to upstream legal and compliance requirements 
 Discover and document the ways that data is currently collected, stored, and processed across our products and infrastructure to ensure our practices are aligned to industry best practices, legal and compliance requirements, and our internal policies
Embed with engineering and product teams during design and development phases to offer by design guidance as it relates to data governance, security, and privacy 
Conduct technical, product, and policy reviews for new products and features and identify risks and mitigations 
Advocate for data governance, security, and privacy solutions and identify innovative opportunities to advance our posture

What you bring

B.S. or M.S. Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience
4 years of work experience in security engineering or software engineering
Experience with AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
Code maintenance and review experience in one or more general purpose languages
Experience building relationships and influencing stakeholders across multiple disciplines
Experience in data security and governance with the following principles or technologies: data access control design and implementation  identity and access management (IAM), data encryption, data recovery, data loss prevention, scanning and alerting, data discovery, tagging, classification, and inventory; data obfuscation techniques (encryption, pseudonymization, tokenization); and data anonymization. 
Experience with concepts and practices such as threat modeling, data anonymization and classification, auditing access to data, and review of requests for data access
CISSP 
CIPT
Experience in Finance and portfolio trading

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 191000 - 225000US Zone 2: 168000 - 198000US Zone 3: 150000 - 176000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.