Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
The Quality Control (QC) Team, part of Financial Crimes Governance, supports the enterprise Financial Crimes Program by reviewing its output and controls.   This process allows the QC team to assess the quality of AML Program records and ensure they are compliant with procedures and industry standards.
As a Quality Control Specialist in Financial Crimes, youll be responsible for helping maintain the quality control program across the team, which is inclusive of transaction monitoring, trade surveillance, case investigations, enhanced due diligence, sanctions and more. Youll perform quality control by ensuring operational processes are in line with standard operating procedures, conducting assessments and tracking quality metrics. This role will be essential to ensuring high standards of quality across Robinhoods Financial Crimes team.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Review and test all elements of Robinhoods AML and Sanctions Program, including surveillance, case investigations, enhanced due diligence, sanctions and account onboarding to ensure they are aligned with internal practices and regulatory requirements
Analyze testing results to identify trends and thematic issues relating to control design and operating effectiveness
Help assess operational quality and track the fulfillment of improvement initiatives and action plans
Brainstorm procedural andor programmatic improvements to the AML and Sanctions Program, such as training needs or other improvement opportunities
Assist in tracking testing metrics across each function of Robinhoods Financial Crimes team for periodic reporting
Contribute to the maintenance and development of Quality Control materials in response to new products, procedures or controls

What you bring

3 years experience in Financial Crimes Compliance or AML and Sanctions AuditQCQA
Knowledge of AML regulations and applicable rules (i.e. BSA, FinCEN, NYDFS)
Experience with Actimize or similar case management system
Experience in analyzing data, identifying trends, and recommending strategies to remedy issues
Contribute to continuous improvement of core processes to ensure quality is maintained while efficiency is optimized
Ability to learn quickly, think critically, and apply problem-solving skills with strong written communication skills and an extreme attention to detail

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 94000 - 110000US Zone 2: 82000 - 97000US Zone 3: 73000 - 86000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.