Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
Were looking for a Sales Executive to join the Say team at Robinhood! As a Sales executive on the Say team, youll work to scale our innovative shareholder engagement platform and build out a first-class business development and sales process to drive adoption of Says shareholder communication and engagement platform across the industry.
You will be responsible for driving sales with public issuers and empowering investor relations professionals, corporate secretaries, corporate communications professionals with the opportunity to be on the leading edge of innovation in shareholder engagement. Says products impact millions of investors and connect shareholders with the companies they own in new and engaging ways. Your contributions will help public companies better reach, nurture, and understand their shareholders. This position will be instrumental in scaling Says shareholder engagement platform and building deep, long-lasting relationships with the Issuer community.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Prospect, target, and close deals with public issuers to help them establish a more modern, innovative investor relations, corporate governance and shareholder engagement program
Attend weekly public issuer pipeline meetings to report progress.
Maintain a deep understanding of Says products and the industry we operate in to effectively articulate our value to potential customers
Build and establish deep relationships with industry advisors, leaders and influencers
Work closely with the customer success team to define and implement a strategy to improve customer experience
Collaborate with product and engineering leadership to deliver the best experience for prospective customers

What you bring 

5 years proven experience in sales, business development, relationship management, customer success.
Strong communication and presentation skills; willing to communicate via any number of mediums and to both technical and business teams.
Strong understanding of public issuer client needs and how products drive value to them
Experience across investor relations, capital markets, and corporate communications technology
Comfortable working in an agile, fast-paced environment
Outstanding customer service skills and a commitment to quality and partner success

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a sales incentive plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 148000 - 174000US Zone 2: 131000 - 154000US Zone 3: 116000 - 136000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.