Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
Robinhoods network engineering team is in search of a hardworking and proficient Network Engineer with extensive experience to become a valuable member of the team. The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of IP networking and be able to architect, implement, and maintain diverse network infrastructure. Additionally, the candidate will also have experience with network automation tools and programming languages such as Python, Ansible, and Terraform.
You will be working within a team of engineers and architects responsible for automation, monitoring, network deployments, AWS service management, and production peering support. You will be working closely with teams such as security, corporate engineering, business automation and third party partners to ensure a secure and reliable access to internalexternal resources and services.
What youll do

Design, develop, and maintain automated network solutions
Working in our cloud environment designing and maintaining end to end connectivity using Terraform
Fix and resolve complex network issues in a timely manner
Monitor network performance and proactively identify potential issues and participate in on-call rotation.
Develop and maintain network documentation and diagrams
Stay up to date with industry trends and standard methodologies for network engineering
Design and maintain automation scripts for the purpose of network device management.
Collaborate with other IT teams to ensure effective network operations

What you bring

5 years of experience in network engineering or a related field
Experience with routing and switching protocols including OSPF, BGP, MPLS, VLAN, and VPN
Solid understanding of network security and standard methodologies.
Experience with automation and scripting tools such as Ansible, Python, Terraform
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills along with excellent communication and partnership skills
Experience with cloud infrastructure and automation solutions such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform

Core Tech Stack:

AWS Networking (Transit Gateway, SGs)
Infrastructure Security (Multi Factor Authentication, Access control ListsSecurity Gateways, ZeroTrust)
External  Internal Monitoring (SNMP, Netflow, Looking Glass)
Routing protocols (OSPF, BGP)
Network hardware (Juniper, Mist, Arista, PAN, Cisco, Zscaler)
Network architecture and design
Infrastructure as Code (Terraform, Ansible)

What We Offer:

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more! 
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 132000 - 155000US Zone 2: 116000 - 136000US Zone 3: 103000 - 121000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.