Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The Brokerage team is the bread and butter of Robinhood and houses many of our founding products. As a member of this group, youll be at the epicenter of all the action, orchestrating and crafting the very essence of what defines Robinhood. Picture yourself at the forefront of trading activity that unfolds within our app. When people think of Robinhood, they envision these particular ecosystem of products.
As a Sr Staff Product Designer within the Options pod, your ownership will be paramount in building upon the bedrock upon which Robinhood stands tall. Youll have the opportunity to craft fabulous, friendly experiences that innovatively serve the investing needs of our customers, that empower both new and sophisticated investors with the tools and knowledge to make informed decisions.
This is an outstanding opportunity to join a growing team that has garnered significant accolades including the Apple Design Award and Google Play Award. The ideal candidate will be able to map out a diverse set of creative solutions and work with leadership to help craft Robinhoods investing products.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Leading design projects across the entire product lifecycle and multiple product launches
Setting a vision for the user experience and crafting a space for others to collaborate
Partnering closely with engineering, product, and business teams to find refined but practical solutions to design challenges
Listening to users to develop the right product strategy and solutions that delight our customers
Rapidly producing multiple concepts and prototypes; knowing when to apply pixel-perfect attention to detail, and when to make low-fi sketches and prototypes.

What you bring 

8 years of experience in product design
Excellent portfolio that demonstrates love and care for their craft
Strong product sensibility
Experience developing wireframes and prototypes
Expert level skills in Figma and Adobe Creative Cloud (Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects)
Proven experience building excellent consumer-facing mobile and web products
Interest or experience in investing

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 187000 - 220000US Zone 2: 165000 - 194000US Zone 3: 146000 - 172000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.