Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The Learning  Development (LD) team works cross-functionally to enable Robinhoods growth and business success. We act as a new hire (on boarding) and skill building utility that enables associates to provide positive client interactions, help drive business impact and allow Robinhood to grow faster and scale more effectively. We develop data-driven insights that enable our business partners to make decisions related to service model design and talent strategies. We program manage high impact, cross-functional learning projects. Ultimately, we are a team of curious, creative, humble, and analytically-minded individuals with a bias toward action and impact.
As a Learning Partner, you will play an integral role in shaping the portfolio of work we commission in support of the business roadmap and key metrics. You will do this by helping us to understand and respond to various business needs, identifying areas for performance optimization through learning, and ensuring we have the resources to execute on approved work. Additionally you will facilitate projects to ensure our LD teams work with our cross functional business partners in a coordinated, efficient, and focused way.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Partner with the business to understand critical organizational needs through assessment  skill gap analysis to inform learning priorities.
Demonstrate strategic and critical thinking capabilities and be able to translate those strategies and ideas into meaningful actions and execute them effectively.
Conduct the needs analysis and participate in the design of learning solutions in partnership with other LD partners and the business employing innovative learning multi-modalities to transform the learner experience  including application, measurement and sustainment.
Plan, organize, prioritize, and effectively manage multiple complex projects concurrently within a fast-paced environment.
Evaluates the effectiveness of learning programs.
Actively participates on cross-functional teams to support the rollout of large training initiatives.
Serve as a credible and trusted advisor on effective, leading-edge learning strategies.
Partner closely with LD peers, business leaders, Product Operations Management, Workforce Management, Talent Management and People Partners to ensure successful delivery of all committed work.
Lead large strategic initiatives to support and drive impact on business OKRs aligned to job-specific needs.

What you bring 

5  years of experience leading and managing multiple large andor complex projects simultaneously.
Excellent presentation, speaking and communication (verbal and written) skills; ability to communicate and influence across the organization.
Proven track record in an entrepreneurial and ambiguous environment.
Demonstrated success in Learning  Development, Project and Program Management skills.
Proven experience in planning, managing, and monitoring sophisticated processes and projects.
Excellent relationship management skills with a track record of operating in a cross-functional environment.
Resourcefulness, persistence, and ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Strong analytical abilities and a curiosity about new innovative ideas.
Experience and knowledge of adult learning methodologies and research.
A tireless advocate of thinking, speaking and collaborating inclusively, fostering a culture that encourages and celebrates diverse experiences and perspectives.

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 115000 - 135000US Zone 2: 101000 - 119000US Zone 3: 89000 - 105000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.