Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
This role is eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the U.S. Check with your recruiter for more information.
The Crypto CISO will be responsible for supervising all cybersecurity matters across Robinhood Crypto in accordance with cybersecurity laws and best practices as well as state regulatory (e.g., NYDFS) rules.
This individual will provide oversight to ensure all aspects of Robinhoods Cybersecurity Program are current and in adherence to regulatory requirements. Specifically, this role will take ownership of the RHC Cybersecurity risk assessment, complete recommendations to remediate identified risks, review the Cybersecurity policy on a yearly basis and update as necessary, retain all evidence of the review performed (incl. actions taken, systems analyzed, reports produced), and provide reporting to the RHC board on the Cybersecurity program. This individual will be responsible for selection of comprehensive cybersecurity controls most appropriate to the firms technology and threat environment and implement corresponding defense strategies. Finally, the head of Cybersecurity will be responsible for supervising risk from third-party vendors and system dependencies.
This role will include serving as an advisor on the RHC board of managers for cybersecurity matters. No licenses are required.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Engage and partner with Operation and Engineering teams to ensure crypto solutions are built with appropriate security considerations
Provide Cybersecurity strategic guidance to the GM and aid in strategic decision making with a Cyber lens
Serve as the point person for contact with Robinhoods regulators, including NYDFS, etc. during audits and throughout the year for any crypto cybersecurity matters
Review and approve cybersecurity related procedures, policies and written supervisory procedures supporting Robinhood Crypto
Continuously identify and detail asset vulnerabilities and internal and external threats, and audit critical security and continuity practices
Drive selection, implementation and monitoring cybersecurity controls appropriate to Robinhoods systems, especially the custody operations  (e.g., Robinhood app, all communications, physical office, encryption, remote customer access)
Champion a culture of compliance at Robinhood. Implement adherence to cybersecurity measures across the company

What you bring

2 years of experience with operating crypto custody platforms andor assessing Smart Contracts
10 years of experience in cybersecurity
Extensive experience working with Security, DevOps, and Incident Response teams
BABS in the relevant fields (Computer Science, Programming, etc.)
Experience working in a highly regulated industry and working with regulators 
Direct to consumer experience preferred
Familiarity with AWS or other cloud systems
Familiarity with Docker, Kubernetes, or other container based systems.
Proficiency in Python, Golang, or similar dynamic programming language
Experience with data warehousing and data analysis

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 278000 - 327000US Zone 2: 245000 - 288000US Zone 3: 217000 - 255000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.