Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
Insights from data power most decisions at Robinhood. Data Scientist here works with other data scientists and engineers to collect, organize, and analyze data from all parts of our business to power these decisions.
Every decision made at Robinhood is backed by data. Our company trajectory is defined by the systems, tools, and analytics powered by our exceptional team. We integrate multifaceted data streams such as rapidly changing market data, user data based on app activity, and brokerage operations data to perfect our processes and workflows.
We are looking for an experienced data scientist to join our experimentation platform team to lead our experimentation strategy and excellence. This role requires deep domain knowledge on experimental design and statistical methodology. Prior experience in developing  experimentation tooling capabilities is preferred. 
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Shape the roadmap and experimentation best practices for teams across Robinhood
Evaluate current experimentation practices across the organization and identify opportunities for improvement
Improving the statistical methodology backing our experimentation platform
Enhance our experimentation quality and velocity
Develop best practices for experimentation capabilities across the organization
Partner with engineering team to develop platform capabilities to support a culture of experimentation and data-driven decision making
Consult with data science and engineering teams to provide guidance on statistically valid approaches to problems

What you bring

PhD or masters degree in a quantitative field such as mathematics, statistics, engineering or natural sciences.
Extensive hands-on experience with experimentation and causal inference
Solid understanding of statistical analysis and machine learning algorithms
Excellent programming skills, including expert-level familiarity with either Python or R programming languages
At least 6 years of experience in statistics, design of experiments, AB testing, causal inference
Demonstrates strong communication, proactiveness, creativity, and prioritization skills.

Bonus points: 

Passion for working and learning in a fast-growing company

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 187000 - 220000US Zone 2: 165000 - 194000US Zone 3: 146000 - 172000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.