Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
Robinhoods Account Servicing team is essential to supporting the growth of Robinhood and supporting our customers at critical points of their relationship with Robinhood. The team handles various account servicing tasks including application review, legal name changes, the estate process, and much more. As the first point of contact for most customers, we value customer understanding, emotional intelligence, and technical expertise.
Robinhood is seeking a Team Lead for its Estates and Transitional Services team. This is an individual contributor role where youll help coach, train, and technically develop existing and new team members. You will serve as the primary point of contact for technical and procedural issues that may arise during estate, POA, and divorce processing. In addition to team coaching, you will contribute to building programs to help meet the demand of a growing customer base.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Provide mentorship and technical expertise for the team responsible for handling all Estate, Decedent, POA, and Divorce processing across multiple lines of business
Ensure relevant WSPs and SOPs are adhered to and provide feedback on necessary improvements and updates
Provide subject matter expertise and serve as a primary escalation point on the team
Ensure teams satisfactory performance against agreed Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and take appropriate steps to address and meet changing client and industry trends
Actively manage, monitor, and document daily caseload by utilizing various available technology resources
Keep current on Regulatory, Compliance, and Firm guidelines and apply to processing and all interactions to ensure risk mitigation
Perform regulatory supervision and oversight functions for your team, as needed
Work with engineering, compliance, and legal teams to streamline the estates process for both customers and internal associates, as needed

What you bring 

FINRA Series SIE, 7 and 63 or Series 66
FINRA Series 24 required within 120 days of hire
3 years of Estate, Divorce, and Power of Attorney processing experience within a brokerage firm
Proven ability to mentor and train employees through coaching and guidance
Be self-motivated and able to work in a strong team and fast paced environment
Attention to detail and strong analytical skills
Ability to work with cross-functional teams (e.g. Margin, Options, Asset Movement, Retirement, Fraud, etc.) to develop customer centric solutions, such as reducing resolution times and streamlining operational processes
Ability to think critically and apply logical problem-solving skills to isolate and resolve issues
Bachelors Degree from an accredited institution or relevant work experience
CES (Certified Estate and Trust Specialist) Designation

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 81000 - 95000US Zone 2: 71000 - 84000US Zone 3: 63000 - 74000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.