Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
Market Datas charter is to provide Robinhood users with the most informative, relevant, accurate, and performant market data to help them make the investing decisions that will shape their financial future. As a foundational team in Brokerage, we want to enable our users to invest in any asset, anytime, any way, and from anywhere. 
Today, Market Data Platform is not a singular feature; rather it spans the entire Robinhood user experience with a foundational service that provides data to power experiences across asset classes such as advanced charts, new trading hours, portfolio views, and even new areas that will be going out to the world soon. Nearly every Robinhood feature operates with some Market Data involvement.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Technical Vision  Strategy: Plan, design, and lead new development toward a scalable, reliable, and performant platform for ingesting, processing, and delivering data to internal services.
Technical Leadership: Drive technical direction by keeping a pulse on the teams projects to provide feedback, perform architecture reviews, and help make key decisions as needed.
Engineering Excellence: Deeply understand the operational challenges the team faces and collaborate to create new, self-sustaining processes that adhere to industry best practices and standards. This is to drive excellence in areas such as testing, oncall, CICD, release management, DevEx, and more.
Mentorship: Lead and mentor a team of software engineers, providing technical guidance, reviews, and generally up-leveling the team.
Software Development: Take a hands-on approach by owning and implementing solutions for critical andor particularly complex projects.
Collaboration: Navigate conversations and align on tough decisions with numerous stakeholders while representing this critical, foundational service.

What you bring

Experience architecting and designing large-scale distributed data processing systems, preferably in the financial industry.
Ability to deeply understand non-functional requirements of a platform with clear articulation of trade-offs.
Experience with data integration technologies, message queues, streams, and event-driven architectures.
Expert proficiency in programming languages such as Go or Python, and strong grasp of the teams tech stack (Postgres, Kafka, K8s, Redis, or similar technologies).
Ability leading data platform teams of 8 or more engineers to drive business-wide impact.
Strong communication and collaboration abilities, with a proven track record of working effectively in cross-functional teams.

Technologies we use:

Python  Django
Go
Postgres
Kafka
Kubernetes
DynamoDB
Redis
AWS

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

 
The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 217000 - 255000US Zone 2: 190000 - 224000US Zone 3: 169000 - 199000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.