Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
Robinhood is looking for a Staff Technical Program Manager to develop and drive high impact programs in Reliability and systems resilience that support the companys top most values of Safety First and Radical Customer Focus.
The role will be centralized within our growing Technical Programs team, and will partner with the cross-functional stakeholders to help craft programs to support the overall strategy, establish effective communication processes, build strong collaboration across the organizations, and ultimately drive execution within the Engineering org.
To be successful in this role, you will need to be able to be agile and adapt to the growing needs of the business, and have the ability to help build the sustainable practices that lead to a successful team.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Hands on, end-to-end program management from design to delivery
Establish, monitor, and analyze reliability metrics and devise plans for continuous improvement.
Establish robust processes to help the engineering teams to establish appropriate Reliability metrics, incorporate them into regular planning, and goal settings. 
Help evangelize the Reliability perspectives to include in the teams plans and overall company strategy (alt:  Facilitate communication between teams to ensure effective and efficient implementation of reliability practices.)
Collaborate with different engineering teams to troubleshoot and improve system performance and reliability.
Identify potential areas of weakness in our infrastructure and proactively drive changes to enhance system resilience.
Build strong relationships with XFN partners on the business side to ensure the alignment of needs and priorities with Engineering initiatives
Integrate High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) strategies and ensure they are incorporated into all projects.

What you bring

Proven experience as a Technical Program Manager or similar role in an engineering or software development environment, ideally with a focus on system reliability and availability.
8 years of experience with managing technical programs at scale
Strong technical background with advanced understanding of high availability strategies, disaster recovery measures, and system uptime. Familiarity with software development and system operations is a plus.
Distributed Systems: Experience working with large-scale distributed systems, which requires an understanding of how systems work together to provide a seamless user experience.
Cloud Providers: Extensive experience working with major cloud computing providers such as AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure. This includes a solid understanding of cloud architecture, cloud deployment models and cloud services reliability.
Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), and Software as a Service (SaaS): Familiarity working with these service models, and understanding their impact on system reliability and application performance.
Comfort with navigating ambiguity and translating it to impactful results
Effective written and verbal communication skills with both engineering and non-engineering audiences
Ability to juggle multiple responsibilities and prioritize automation over manual processes.
Familiarity with AWS or other cloud systems.

Bonus points:

Experience in Finance and Brokerage space.

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 191000 - 225000US Zone 2: 168000 - 198000US Zone 3: 150000 - 176000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.