Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
As the newest member of Robinhoods product marketing team, youll play a key role in growing and nurturing Robinhoods Power Customers.
We are looking for a consumer product marketer who can build marketing strategies that drive growth and loyalty. Youll develop the right engagement strategies, as well as own the go-to-market strategies for some of our most innovative products alongside cross-functional teams from product management, creative, research, legal and more!
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Build the marketing strategy and be the champion for Robinhoods Power Customers
Lead go-to-market strategy and execution for product and feature launches and ongoing marketing campaigns
Partner with performance, lifecycle, and brand marketing teams to define and implement strategic growth strategies
Craft end-to-end marketing campaigns that build relevance and excitement for the Robinhood brand and high value customers in particular
Create differentiated narratives with messaging that continuously improves with user feedback, testing, and a deep understanding of our target audience
Drive market and competitive assessments with research and data teams by surfacing qualitative and quantitative customer insights to craft product and engagement strategies, ensure product-market fit, and shape the product roadmap
Track and analyze the impact of the work with our target customers in partnership with product, benchmarking, legal, compliance, and policy teams
Understand the multiple players in the ecosystem (including consumers, policymakers, news media, government)
Be a strong customer champion, creative marketer, and problem solver

What you bring

Background in consumer-facing product marketing capacity in tech (preferably fintech) companies
Experience with top customer loyalty preferred
Ability to autonomously develop break-through marketing strategies
Capacity to break down complex concepts so that theyre simple, clear, and human
Strong relationship-building capabilities and ability to work cross-functionally
Data-driven approach to your work and decision-making
Qualitative analytical ability and familiarity with AB testing
Thrives in a fast-paced environment with a bias towards action
Experience working in or curious about the brokerage industry

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 191000 - 225000US Zone 2: 168000 - 198000US Zone 3: 150000 - 176000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.