Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
Robinhood is looking for a Risk  Compliance Associate to join our Risk  Compliance team based in the United Kingdom (UK). We are looking for a compliance professional with experience in securities and brokerage regulatory compliance issues who is excited to work at the intersection of regulation, technology, and finance. We are looking for a highly adaptable and collaborative person who can handle ambiguity and rapidly shifting priorities with flexibility and patience.
Were thrilled to be expanding this year as Robinhood is hiring world-class talent in the UK. Our team of Hoodies in the UK will enable Robinhood to continue creating great financial products on our journey towards democratising finance for all.
As we transform the future of finance, we invite you to help us define our place in a global conversation.
What youll do

Support the design and implementation of risk  compliance processes based on internal policies and frameworks
Identifying regulatory issues proactively and recommending remedies to promote compliance
Evaluating the efficiency and effectiveness of controls and compliance processes and improving them continuously
Responsible for supporting the operational fincrime processes resulting from customer and transaction monitoring processes
Initiatives to improve effective and efficient processing of the fincrime and compliance related processes
Reviewing risk disclosures and risk warnings in any communications or other materials to ensure compliance with local requirements
Identifying and assessing risks in a joint effort with the 1st line of defence
Fostering and contributing to a culture of high ethical standards and integrity and promoting the core values, risk culture and risk appetite

What you bring 

Based in the United Kingdom
Bachelors degree or equivalent practical experience
3 - 6 years of compliance practice experience specialising in financial services in the UK
Thorough knowledge of compliance topics such as: compliant financial promotions, communications, complaint handling, business continuity, AML, market abuse, integrity, KYCCDD, GDPR, outsourcing, governance and risk  control frameworks
Exceptional attention to detail and strong problem-solving skills
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Open minded, curious, knowledgeable, proactive and not being afraid of asking for help and offering help
Self-starter with ability to work independently and coordinate across multiple functional groups
Resourceful and adaptive in fast-paced, entrepreneurial environments
Experience working in an international team environment

Bonus points:

A regulatory compliance background with an FCA regulated firm
Passionate about financial services
Experience working across large projects with multiple work streams and coordinating cross functional teams
Ability to quickly understand systems and process flows
Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.