Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
Robinhood is seeking a highly qualified Art Director to join our Product Creative team. The Product Creative teams mission is to build highly engaging, thoughtful, narrative-driven product experiences within the Robinhood app. As an Art Director in the product, you will work closely with our brand and product teams to develop unique identities for the launch of new products and features.
You will be responsible for helping craft distinctive designs that tell a compelling story, support a cohesive vision, and powerfully broadcast the Robinhood brand across all platforms. Successful executions will be guided by a combination of user research, business objectives, and emerging design paradigms that create memorable moments within the app. The ideal candidate has a rich understanding of familiar UX patterns yet has a hunger to subvert user expectations within a product environment.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Work to advise productfeature concepts with your team partners to be responsible for execution inside the product surface area either directly or through advising other members of the pod
Consult with both the Creative and Product teams on best practices for user experience within the interface.
Develop unique product experiences driving design work alongside product designers, motion designers, visual designers, and illustrators.
Work with Brand Creative Directors to identify areas within the product that require motion, illustration, visual, or copy support from Pod members.
Collaborate with your critical team members to create a cohesive visual strategy for product launches and new features.
Conceptualize, design, and implement product experiences. Including onboarding flows, outstanding app interactions, data visualization, and unique brand moments.
Work alongside brand and product designers to design inventive experiences that are captivating and intuitive to use.
Participate in design critiques, and contribute your insights to ensure designs align with overall brand guidelines.
Stay up-to-date with the latest design trends, techniques, and technologies to ensure the company stays ahead of the competition.

What you bring 

Proven experience in visual design or a related field, with a portfolio demonstrating a range of design techniques and styles.
Ability to shift between marketing and product environments and translate marketing strategy into compelling visual designs.
Ability to cultivate a harmonious vision when launching latest offerings, and ensure design consistency across all digital channels.
Deeply thoughtful visual storyteller with experience in crafting engaging visual narratives, guidelines, and systems.
Strong expertise in Adobe Creative Suite, Figma, and other design tools. Bonus points for Cinema 4D and After Effects
Excellent communication skills while working collaboratively with cross-functional teams.
Strong attention to detail and the ability to prioritize multiple projects simultaneously.
Outstanding portfolio, showcasing sophisticated conceptual thinking and strong visual design. Process work, sketches, mood-boards, and other rough stuff is greatly appreciated.
Comfortable designing in a wide range of styles.
Ability to meet deadlines and work under pressure with careful attention to detail.

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 179000 - 210000US Zone 2: 157000 - 185000US Zone 3: 139000 - 164000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.