Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The Credit Card Product Engineering team owns the entirety of Robinhood Credit Cards product suite. The team is full stack, developing all products and features end-to-end: from web to mobile to backend product systems. Its blazing fast implementation capability is a differentiator for growth and execution.
Do you want to build the best credit card consumer product in the world? Join us and drive the full scope of execution, delivery and growth on our credit card products as we prepare for our biggest launch yet.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Lead a team of full-stack Product Engineers that deliver blazingly fast implementations of excellent quality.
Guide key technical decisions around new Product initiatives.
Ruthlessly prioritize, allocating your team optimally to achieve both outstanding Product delivery as well as superb team development and growth.
Own your teams delivery, quality and timely execution.
Grow and develop a world-class Product Engineering team in a dynamic and exciting business environment.
Collaborate closely with our founders, Head of Engineering, Design and Product organizations as we build the best credit card products in the world.

What you bring 

You are hungry to grow in a fast-paced and dynamic environment that will challenge you to always bring your best game.
You have high standards, and drive yourself and your team to bring quality and consistency to both code and product without compromising velocity.
No less than 2 years of experience in an engineering leadership role.
Prior experience developing, or leading development on, world-class mobile application consumer products.
Strong Computer Science fundamentals: in addition to having an undergraduate or graduate degree in Computer Science or a related field, you love the art of creation through code.
You have a sense of urgency.
You love being close to the business.
You are engaging and have excellent communication skills.
You are able to ruthlessly prioritize, reasoning about tradeoffs and complexities under time pressure in order to make strong decisions.

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 217000 - 255000US Zone 2: 190000 - 224000US Zone 3: 169000 - 199000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.