Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
We are looking for a creative and detail oriented Workplace Operations leader who is passionate about creating safe and productive workspaces that not only reflect company culture, but energizes it! In this position, you will oversee operational strategy, implementation, and experience of multiple offices and operations teams. The Workplace Operations team represents the companys value system by creating new and maintaining existing office locations. You will be responsible for establishing a highly functional, organized, and fun workplace that meets the needs of a diverse employee population. The Workplace Operations team is dedicated to excellence through an execution mindset, attention to detail and a profound sense of pride in our work.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Managing, mentoring, and inspiring Workplace Operations Managers across multiple offices Globally
Identifying gaps and driving solutions to maintain, improve, and scale standard office operating procedures company-wide
Leading cross-functional projects by facilitating communication, coordination, planning, and execution across HR, Marketing, Real Estate, Physical Security, IT, etc.
Leading and supporting various ad hoc projects within the facilities and operation teams
Identifying and driving the development of tools, templates and processes to improve efficiency and effectiveness across the organization
Utilizing metrics to advise standards development through both quantitative and qualitative analysis
Developing and implementing sustainability programs in accordance with applicable state regions
Supporting and guiding business leaders and related functional groups on the best way to roll out initiatives based on workplace planning
Maintain high performance from our 3rd party suppliers through rigorous vendor selection, contract negotiation, controlling costs, reducing vendor-related risks and ensuring service delivery.

What you bring 

Bachelors Degree or equivalent, relevant experience
8 years of experience in Workplace Operations
5 years of experience managing a team of direct reports
Experience building and scaling operations in a high-growth, rapidly adapting environment
Experience managing, coaching, and retaining talent
Demonstrated change management, administration, and vendor management experience
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Outstanding organizational and time management skills, with strong attention to detail and a proven ability to take ownership of multiple projects
Excellent problem solving skills, with an ability to recognize opportunities and develop ways of addressing them
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously, work autonomously, and navigate ambiguity with ease.

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 162000 - 190000US Zone 2: 142000 - 167000US Zone 3: 126000 - 148000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.