Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
Robinhood is looking for an Assistant General Counsel to join our growing Regulatory legal team. We are looking for an attorney with experience in retail broker-dealer regulation who is excited to work at the intersection of regulation, technology, and finance. We are looking for a highly adaptable and collaborative person who can handle ambiguity and rapidly shifting priorities with flexibility and patience. This is an exciting opportunity to join a growing company and contribute to our mission to democratize finance for all.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Navigate complex regulatory frameworks to help the business design innovative financial products and services
Identify and draft necessary changes to the firms systems and procedures to meet the requirements of new rulesregulations
Engage with regulators, including the SEC and FINRA, and other external parties
Draft agreements, policies and procedures, disclosures, account documentation and website materials
Review marketing materials, advertisements, and other communications with the public
Resolve customer account issues related to estates, bankruptcies, powers of attorney, and related matters. 
Monitor SECFINRA and SRO rule developments and making resulting recommendations
Research securities and brokerage questions and providing legal analysis and recommendations
Partner cross-functionally with teams including litigation, compliance, product and government affairs

What You Bring:

J.D. degree (or foreign equivalent) and membership in at least 1 U.S. state bar
5 years of legal practice experience specializing in advising retail broker-dealers
Knowledge or expertise in the rules and regulations relevant to broker-dealers, including for example: sales practice rules, Reg BI, Form CRS, licensing and registration, communications with the public, and books and records
Track record of developing practical solutions to novel problems
Exceptional project management and communication skills
In-house legal experience
Experience at a federal or state financial regulatory agency
Experience with technology or start-up organizations
Ability to provide practical, strategic and business-oriented legal advice
Ability to effectively manage multiple time sensitive tasks
Experience drafting comment letters, working with industry trade groups, and engaging in rulemaking and legislative advocacy efforts

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 230000 - 270000US Zone 2: 202000 - 238000US Zone 3: 179000 - 211000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.