Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
At Robinhood, our Detection and Response Team stands at the forefront of our commitment to Safety First. The team is dedicated to crafting and managing services that prioritize our customers security and privacy. Our team specializes in detection engineering, automation, and incident response. Our mission? To promptly identify and evaluate threats, delve deep into data analytics, and counteract malicious activities.
We want to talk to you if youre interested in being part of an impactful and inclusive team built on teamwork that encourages your diverse ideas and perspectives.
 
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do 

Automation: Streamline manual response workflows to minimize engineering overhead and enhance our response agility.
Threat Detection: Design sophisticated detections to pinpoint potential security threats, drawing on insights into attacker tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs).
Incident Management: Serve as the primary incident commander, directing incident analysis and articulating potential risks and remediation strategies.
Collaborative Exercises: Partner with our Threat Intelligence and Offensive Security teams to orchestrate purple team drills, identifying and addressing our security vulnerabilities.

What you bring

5 years in security operations, threat detection, incident response, or related fields.
Exceptional communication skills, adept at breaking down intricate technical concepts for diverse audiences.
Robust analytical and problem-solving capabilities, with a keen eye for objectively evaluating security risks.
Familiarity with AWS, Kubernetes, andor other cloud infrastructure platforms.
Proficiency in crafting detections from a diverse set of log sources.
Comfortable using scripting languages such as Python, Bash, PowerShell, or equivalents.

 
What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 187000 - 220000US Zone 2: 165000 - 194000US Zone 3: 146000 - 172000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.