Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
Were excited to have versatile Web and Full Stack engineers join our team to build an incredible experience for our Robinhoods Customer Trust and Safety team.
We build internal operations platforms with outstanding web experiences to empower peoples day-to-day work. This team works closely with multi-functional teams like product management, operations, program management, and other engineering teams to deliver high-impact features.
Our ideal candidate is a passionate expert in building up the best user experience through detailed technical standards, using their strong product sense to solve sophisticated problems.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Build high-quality, performant products that leverage technologies like React, CSS-in-JS and Python
Own and drive features from inception and design to implementation and launch, being the web expert on your team
Build and improve tools to support Robinhoods operations and platforms, providing leverage across the company
Build reusable components and abstractions to materially accelerate and empower broader use cases
Contribute to brainstorming, planning and prioritization of day-to-day work.
Technologies we use; React  Redux, NodeJS, Babel  Webpack  Bazel, Jest  ESLint  Prettier, Jenkins  Buildkite  Docker  Kubernetes, Figma, Python

What you bring 

3 years of professional experience with modern Web technologies and frameworks
An expert at writing and efficiently debugging React.
Proficiency in a backend language a plus
Constantly setting a high standard for code quality, advocating for best practices in testing, and improving code review processes
Effective communicator

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 157000 - 185000US Zone 2: 139000 - 163000US Zone 3: 122000 - 144000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.