Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The Finance  Strategy Manager for the Engineering Finance team plays an impactful and critical role in Robinhoods success by driving financial planning processes, providing  decision-making support, and working with various business partners to develop strategic analysis around key initiatives. 
The ideal candidate will have experience influencing business leaders and supporting decision making in evolving and fast paced technology environments. This role requires someone who can navigate ambiguity and interdependence, successfully lead and drive multiple cross-functional projects end-to-end. This role has regular interaction with Engineering and Security leadership at Robinhood and will require strong interpersonal and communication skills and executive presence.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Successfully deliver on a wide breadth of financial processes including (but not limited to): month-end close and forecast, expense and headcount plans, financial consolidation, resource allocation, and analysis and recommendations for business partners
Engage directly with Security and Engineering teams to drive the strategic and financial planning processes (e.g., monthly business reviews, forecasts, annual budget, and long range plans), and prepare financial models and analysis to influence investment decisions
 Analyze results of business critical metrics, and present risks and opportunities to Business Partners, Finance Leadership, and the Executive team
 Partner with senior leaders and find opportunities to create efficiencies, measure business performance, and find additional sources for cost savings
 Collaborate with cross-functional People teams such as Recruiting and Workforce Planning
Conduct business case modeling, run analyses and ad-hoc financial analysis as needed
 Improve and simplify processes, drive standardization, and build scalable solutions to support the next wave of Robinhoods growth

What you bring

B.A. in Economics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or a related field
5 years of work experience in Finance, with 2 years supporting business partners (ideally EngineeringSecurity business partners), in high growth technology companies 
Excellent analytical financial modeling, forecasting skills, and the business judgment to balance the details while not losing sight of the big picture
Ability to work independently and operate in a fast-paced dynamic environment 
Ability to influence decisions through use of data, logical reasoning, and the presentation of alternatives
Strong familiarity with analytical tools (Looker, Excel) and financial reporting softwares (such as AWS Cloud Spend, Oracle or Anaplan)
A positive attitude! You have a desire to work hard, be creative, stay curious, and maintain a can-do approach
MBA or an advanced degree in business, management or finance

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more! 
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
 Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 136000 - 160000US Zone 2: 120000 - 141000US Zone 3: 106000 - 125000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.