Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
Robinhoods Account Operations team is critical to supporting the growth of Robinhood and supporting our customers at critical points of their relationship with Robinhood. The team handles various account servicing tasks including application review, customer information updates, reviewing levy notices, and much more. As the first point of contact for most customers, the Account Operations team values customer understanding, emotional intelligence, and technical expertise.
As an Account Maintenance Associate, youll serve as an integral part in our account opening and maintenance processes by reviewing new account applications, analyzing documents with keen attention to detail, working with cross-functional partners to address customer escalations, and performing daily account maintenance activities. This is an opportunity to be a part of one of the most efficient and important pillars of Robinhoods business.The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Review new account applications with a mindset of risk mitigation
Review customer-related documents for completeness and process any necessary changes in customer accounts
Consistently meet productivity goals with minimal error
Act as subject matter expert in the firm account opening and maintenance processes with the ability to clearly communicate this with other teams and customers with outstanding customer service.
Interact and troubleshoot with customers for more complex account application issues
Perform daily account maintenance requests related to customer accounts such as deactivating and reactivating accounts, levy notice processing, and updating customer information after their account has been opened
Adhere to the Customer Identification Program.
Assist in all account maintenance activities through document review, restriction placing and lifting, and information maintenance

What you bring 

Bachelors degree or equivalent practical experience
Ability to meet productivity goals
Exceptional attention to detail and strong problem solving skills
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Self-starter with ability to work independently
Resourceful and adaptive in fast-paced, entrepreneurial environments
Ability to make appropriate independent decisions within established frameworks
Ability to work some weekends
Bonus points: SIE active FINRA license, 2 years in a financial services role, familiarity with brokerage operations and consumer technology

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan.US Zone 1: 21 per hourUS Zone 2: 21 per hourUS Zone 3: 20 per hourBase pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.