Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
Robinhood is looking for an Assistant General Counsel to join our growing Regulatory legal team. We are looking for an attorney with experience in retail broker-dealer regulation who is excited to work at the intersection of regulation, technology, and finance. We are looking for a highly adaptable and collaborative person who can handle ambiguity and rapidly shifting priorities with flexibility and patience. This is an exciting opportunity to join a growing company and contribute to our mission to democratize finance for all.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Support all stages of the patent and trademark lifecycle, including identification, filing, prosecution, maintenance, defense, pre-litigation, litigation, and any other corporate matters as they relate to IP
Execute on Robinhoods IP strategy
Establish and maintain internal practices and procedures for trademark and copyright-related information, filings, and deadlines
Perform trademark and patent searches to help advise the business on new ideas, products and campaigns
Manage a large global trademark portfolio
Assist with trademark clearance projects, including U.S. screening, full searches and international screening
Prepare and prosecute patent applications
Review agreements or portions of agreements pertaining to intellectual property, including research agreements, commercialization agreements, and licenses
Provides other general legal advice and represents the company in matters relating to intellectual property law
Manage U.S. and international patent and trademark prosecution
Handle a wide range of other IP issues including support for litigation, licensing, commercial and MA transactions, and counseling on open source software projects

What you bring:

Knowledge of IP related enforcement matters, including identifying infringing, reviewing takedown notices and cease and desist letters
Familiarity with worldwide IP prosecution and strategy
Strong organizational and time management skills
Reliable and collaborative team-player
Action and results-oriented, with ability to adapt quickly to new surroundings and in a fast-paced environment
Excellent communication skills
Ability to work independently and to manage multiple projects concurrently
Familiarity with USPTO system and filings
Experience in trademark procurement and enforcement, including USPTO prosecution, disputes, TTAB actions, and at least some litigation experience
Bonus points: experience in the financial services industry or representing financial services clients, in an in-house capacity

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 202000 - 238000US Zone 2: 178000 - 209000US Zone 3: 158000 - 186000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.