Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
Were excited to invite talented and motivated Android Engineers to join our award-winning team to help expand Robinhoods mobile experience for our customers.
The Money Movement is responsible for building best in class payment experiences for our users. We are building the most reliable and robust payment platform to support the success of Robinhood businesses.
Were looking for passionate and skilled engineers who lead by example, building up the product and people around them through hard work, mentorship, and proven best practices.
What youll do

Work with a fast-growing team to revolutionize finance at speed and scale
Build smooth, stable, and elegant products with Kotlin and the newest Android APIs
Own features from inception to design, implementation, and launch
Work cross-functionally with Product Designers, Product Managers, Backend Engineers, and Data Engineers

What you bring

3 years of professional Android development experience building consumer Android applications at scale, preferably in Kotlin and Compose
Attention to detail, passion for writing clean, readable and  maintainable code
Proficiency in Kotlin or Java, and Jetpack
Motivation to improve Robinhoods app and codebase to ensure the highest quality for our customers
Strong product sense and ability to collaborate with Product Managers and Designers
Excellent communication skills and passion for solving technical challenges
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or a related field preferred; equivalent training or work experience also acceptable

Technologies we use:

Kotlin
Coroutines
RxJava
Retrofit  OkHttp
Dagger  Hilt
Room

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 157000 - 185000US Zone 2: 139000 - 163000US Zone 3: 122000 - 144000
 Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.