Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
Were looking for an experienced Growth Product Designer to join us on our mission to make financial wellness accessible to everyone. This role is on the Growth team, which is laser-focused on deepening our customers engagement with all Robinhood has to offer. Growth is a lean, nimble team grounded in deep user empathy and driven to learn what motivates them.
Growth Product Designers balance high-quality craft and crisp execution with agility and speed to learning. You may be a good match if youre a rigorous systems-thinker, love to generate and test creative ideas quickly, and see big impact in the details. You understand how to read metrics to shape the product experience — and also how to look beyond the numbers to understand what customers really want.
This is an outstanding opportunity to join a growing team that has garnered significant accolades including the Apple Design Award and Google Play Award.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Partner with product, content design, data science, engineering, and research to create well-articulated experiment plans and shape the product roadmap
Incorporate data insights and user research to develop solutions that delight our customers
Lead cross-functional idea generation sessions and brainstorms
Design meaningful customer experiences with measurable business impact
Rapidly producing multiple concepts and prototypes; knowing when to apply pixel-perfect attention to detail, and when to make low-fi sketches and prototypes
Balance both the customer experience and Robinhood outcomes, designing with responsibility

What you bring 

Excellent portfolio that demonstrates love and care for their craft, evidence of business impact, and experience with experimentation for learning
Demonstrated metrics literacy, with experience defining, tracking, and reporting on metrics through effective communication and presentation
Ability to adapt quickly and work independently in a fast-paced environment with shifting constraints
Strong product sensibility
Experience developing wireframes and prototypes
Expert level skills in Figma
Proven experience (Ideally 3-5 YOE) building excellent consumer-facing mobile and web products
You are a positive and resilient employee; embracing input with a desire for continuous iteration and improvement

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 187000 - 220000US Zone 2: 165000 - 194000US Zone 3: 146000 - 172000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.