Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
As an Applications Engineer on our Financial Crimes Engineering (FinCrimes) team, you will be building, integrating and owning the Actimize service and infrastructure that power our anti-money laundering systems. Your work will keep bad actors out of Robinhood and out of the financial system. You will also gain an outstanding look into how the US financial systems works on the inside and strengthen your financial-domain knowledge.
What youll do

Youll be a hard-working and hands-on engineer that enjoys building scalable solutions.
Youll have curiosity about financial crimes technologies and financial services.
You will deploy and develop anti-money laundering software using cloud technologies and containers.
You will engage with partners and collaborate with business leaders in Brokerage, Crypto, FinCrimes Operations, Fraud and Identity domains.

What you bring 

2 years of hands on coding and deploying Actimize, an AML software.
2-5 Years of overall software engineering experience using JavaJ2EE, SQL, Python and Bash.
Experience deploying Actimize using AWSKubernetes.

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 132000 - 155000US Zone 2: 116000 - 136000US Zone 3: 103000 - 121000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.