Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
Robinhood is looking for a First Line Margin Risk Director to define and lead the evolution of its brokerage financial risk management function. This person will partner with business leaders to influence the end-to-end design and daily oversight of first line risk management for the brokerage organization. This role is at the leading edge of Robinhood next generation risk management and requires a deep understanding of Reg T and futures risk best practices blended with development of real time systems, understanding and communication of regulatory requirements, and defining desired customer experience. The risk organization is expected to increase in complexity and scale over time, relying on this person to define and adapt frameworks and the team tasked with supporting them. You will champion methodologies in real time risk management as well as forecasting and designing experiments to gauge firm risk in various market stress scenarios. This person is expected to bring extensive risk management experience and be able to communicate complex risk topics to an array of internal audiences of varying sophistication. The ideal candidate has superb verbal communication skills with a proven presentation track record and is able to clearly and effectively relay information to any business line during times of stress.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Define clear Reg T and futures risk management processes and implement alongside engineering, operations and customer experience
Drive the importance of risk culture and embed it firmwide, inclusive of customer-first risk principles
Develop a real-time risk and credit program to take action on at-risk accounts for reasons relating to firm policy, market conditions, or individual account behavior.
Provide risk-specific executive communications and support communications counsel
Coordinate and manage across different organizational verticals, knowing how financial risk intertwines them all
Build and enhance the team(s) tasked with Robinhood financial risk management.
Collect research and analyze client account information including futures, high value equities, and complex options to determine margin call and risk.
Participate in cross-functional initiatives aimed at strengthening trade risk management, formulating policy in response to changes in the market and the market place, and improve systems used to manage risk and execute client orders
Stay up-to-date on changes in the trading markets and changes in regulatory rules, guidance and structure
Develop an internal risk brand and prepare to be the subject matter expert for all things first line brokerage risk related at Robinhood
Manage regulatory backlogs including margin calls and margin violations

What you bring 

10 years proven experience in first line brokerage risk management across all products, inclusive of Reg T and futures
A Bachelors Degree or equivalent experience years business experience in Business or Finance
Series 7 and 63 required, Series 3 preferred
Exceptional writing, editing, and presentation skills
Experience building relationships with diverse stakeholders and company leaders
Proven track record of managing programs and organizational changes
Comfort leading in a tech-first company and engineering domain
Eagerness and aptitude to learn a new environment quickly and explain risk subject matter effectively
Dedication to cultivating community in work, school, or volunteer settings

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 230000 - 270000US Zone 2: 202000 - 238000US Zone 3: 179000 - 211000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.