Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
Robinhood is looking for a Corporate Applications Engineer to join the Corporate Engineering team. This role will be a part of the Corporate Applications team within Corporate Engineering. As a member of the team, youll be responsible for planning, designing, implementing, and maintaining company SaaS applications and tools. This includes partnering with cross functional teams (HR, Finance, Security, Legal, and other organizational stakeholders) to assist with any and all application integrations. You will work to ensure that the corporate SaaS technology architecture and governance are aligned to strategic business initiatives, company goals, and the mission to democratize finance for all. This role is a great opportunity to join the team on the ground floor and help build out the corporate applications function at Robinhood.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Application administration, installation, configuration and upgrades of corporate SaaS solutions in the collaboration and productivity space.
Implementing SaaS system changes and administering access to systems and information within approved IT security policies, guidelines, and standards.
Assessing business requirements, evaluating possible solutions and then implementing andor recommending solutions.
Working closely with cross functional teams to develop scalable and reliable solutions.
Assisting in technical support problem resolutions related to business application software systems.
Maintaining standards, procedures, security controls and documentation related to areas of responsibility. May participate in system audits and perform testing for disaster recovery or SOX controls, ensuring a secure processing environment that protects the integrity and availability of information.
Participate in recommending budget items; implements and allocates resources following budget approval.

What you bring

5 years of experience in the IT space with 3 years of experience in design, development, implementation, and support of corporate SaaS applications (Google Workspace, Slack, Okta, Atlassian tools, etc)
Familiarity administration with SSOSAMLIAM systems.
Proven experience with managing cloud applications and platforms.
Ability to find out-of-box solutions to best fit Robinhoods needs.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with both engineering and non-engineering audiences with customer focus and problem solving mentality.
Self-starter with the ability to overcome all obstacles and challenges with little to no supervision.
Ability to juggle multiple responsibilities and prioritize automation over manual processes.
Experience working with teams across different offices and timezones.

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 132000 - 155000US Zone 2: 116000 - 136000US Zone 3: 103000 - 121000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.