Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
The ACAT teams mission is to strive for excellence by ensuring accurate processing of customer account transfers, providing swift issue resolution and delivering world-class service to our business partners and clients. As an ACAT Lead, you are a subject matter expert equipped with a deep knowledge of account transfers and understanding the operational overlap with key players throughout our organization. Youll lead the team by collaborating with various stakeholders and utilizing your passion for process efficiency improvements.  You are also a strong leader and problem solver with a focus on supporting the team. 
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Provide support for critical business functions such as transfer review, reclaims and residual transfers
Take ownership of standardized operational procedures and training sessions
Use your subject matter expertise to support and lead the team
Responsible for assigning coverage for daily assignments
Identify areas of need and implement measures for improvement
Handles complex account transfer requests and escalated operation inquiries from external and internal stakeholders
Address high-risk or compliance issues for back-office clearing activities
Partner with the product, engineer, and operations teams to help launch, improve, and scale Robinhood products and systems
Assist ACAT manager in various tasks
Other projects and duties may be assigned

What you bring 

Exceptional attention to detail
Ability to thrive in a fast paced and ambiguous work environment
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills with a bias toward action
Ability to identify inefficiencies in operational processes and help design and implement solutions
Strong leadership and delegation skills
Ability to collaborate and build relationships with external partners
Clearing Operations andor Asset Movement experience
Experience processing in DTCC portal and Settlements Web
Familiarity with OCC
Series 7  24 licenses required

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more! 
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 102000 - 120000US Zone 2: 90000 - 106000US Zone 3: 80000 - 94000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.