Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
The preferred location for this position is in or around Robinhoods offices in New York, NY or Menlo Park, CA with in-office work capabilities, as may be required by management.
Robinhood is hiring a Consumer Communications Manager who will be responsible for delivering exceptional media and consumer results focused on our technology, services, and products. Youll help us share stories about our core products and technology across Robinhood to consumer-focused publications and media outlets, including broadcast TV. Youll be adept at bringing colleagues together across product, marketing, and brand to capture the imagination of customers and drive brand awareness and participation. Youll explore innovative ways to tell our story through consumer press, finding new ways to reach people and to help them see themselves as investors. This role reports to our Director of Communications.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Drive consumer communications around Robinhood products and technology. 
Work cross-functionally to develop and lead consumer PR strategies that amplify integrated campaigns with Product Marketing, Brand and other teams
Develop and execute PR strategies for product launches and updates that reach a consumer audience, supporting the broader product communications strategy.
Manage proactive news engine across consumer print, web and broadcast outlets and reactive inbound media inquiries 
Coordinate press briefings, media tours and events, and create press materials including blog posts, media pitches, FAQs and fact sheets 
Work closely with Compliance and Legal regarding all aspects of your role

About you:

5 years of experience in fields related to public relations, communications, and journalism 
A track record of launching products and identifying evergreenfeature stories that resonate with consumer audiences
Strong relationships with consumer publications, broadcast outlets and culturally relevant media organizations 
Expertise in boiling down complex topics in an easy-to-understand way
Deep experience working cross-functionally and influencing internal stakeholders; communicating up, down and across the organization on media strategy; and managing multiple projects on tight deadlines 
Excellent writing and media relations skills 
Proven ability to reach Gen Z and Millennial audiences 
Experience leading campaigns and product launches globally 
Have a strong pulse on culturally relevant trends  

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 115000 - 135000US Zone 2: 101000 - 119000US Zone 3: 89000 - 105000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.