Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
We are seeking a Marketing Program Manager to join the Marketing team at Robinhood! Youll work closely with senior leadership to drive operational  executional excellence across our Brand  Product Marketing, Lifecycle, Growth, and Social teams, and have a prominent role establishing processes with cross-functional partners. This is a crucial role for enhancing  scaling our marketing capabilities — ensuring that our marketing managers, social managers, producers, strategists, and agency partners are set up for success in delivering the best work possible for our customers.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Work horizontally across all Marketing Functions: Brand  Product Marketing, Lifecycle, Growth, and Social marketing teams
Interface with key cross-functional stakeholders: Creative, Legal, Data Science, CX  Product
Champion a culture of excellence by partnering with Marketing leadership to establish a scalable operating model to drive process efficiencies and simplification
Build, implement, and maintain campaign toolkits, trackers and templates that continually improve the output and effectiveness of marketing team efforts
Support the planning  objective setting processes, reporting, and communications cadences defined by assigned programs scope
Manage marketing information and archiving centers, ensuring documentation is kept up-to-date, files are properly archived, and that they reflect appropriate status and content
Facilitate meetings to ensure information exchange and understanding across teams - creating and owning agendas, action items, and follow ups
Support the budget management and tracking process specific to program area
Onboard, coordinate, and cultivate relationships with both internal partners and external vendors and agencies specific to program area
Ability to get into the details, manage multiple complex projects at once, and roll up your sleeves, and do hands-on work.

What you bring 

4 years of experience in program and or project management in a highly regulated industry (i.e., Fintech, Technology, or Healthcare tech) thats worked closely with brand, product marketing, creative and legal teams
Demonstrate excellent communication, organizational, and time-management skills
Able to organize information quickly and at a high level in order to address potential roadblocks, define the best way forward, and communicate trade-offs where appropriate
Strong analytical skills - can analyze and interpret data to inform marketing decisions and identify risk in projects and programs early so that mitigation steps can be taken
Experience operating and driving work independently in a dynamic environment, and comfortable navigating ambiguity
Diligent work ethic and ability to adapt quickly while managing multiple projects simultaneously
Understanding of asset creation (i.e. Creative, Deployment, etc.) and approval cycles (Stakeholder Reviews, Legal Approvals, etc.)
Exceptional written and verbal presentation abilities
Ideal candidate can build positive relationships with stakeholders
Passion for democratizing finance and a deep understanding of Robinhoods mission, products, and target customers
Experience working in or curious about the brokerage industry

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 119000 - 140000US Zone 2: 105000 - 123000US Zone 3: 93000 - 109000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.