Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The Experimentation  Configuration Platform team at Robinhood owns Kaizen, Robinhoods Experimentation platform  SerVars, Robinhoods Dynamic configuration platform.
Using these services, Robinhood is able to run significant experiments to identify new and novel ways to continue to democratize finance! These services are widely used across the company and reach upto 300K TPS! We build the service in modern Python, Go, React and work very closely with cross functional partners to ship features daily. Its an exciting team where you work closely with your customers, using feedback to continuously iterate on a significant product. We currently believe that we are in the walk stage of the platform and are working towards iterating to the leapfly stages.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Build and own core features of some of Robinhoods most heavily trafficked services!
Craft large scale systems within a team, making the right tradeoffs for risk and long-term maintainability
Work with cross functional teams to understand their needs and build systems that help us reach company wide goals to improve bottom line metrics such as revenue, customer satisfaction and operational efficiency
Mentor both formally and informally engineers and data scientists at Robinhood, define and formalize the architecture design process and guide the overall architectural direction
Be a champion for engineering excellence, improve operational efficiency of the team and drive these initiatives across the organization

What you bring 

Have built and led feature development on an industry leading experimentation platform for a scaled organization
You are a proven staff engineer with experience planning and leading large projects with long-term impact on a single system or team.
Experience working with Bazel  Blaze, Buck, Pants, Kubernetes, AWS, Kafka, Elasticsearch and Presto.
Passion in mentoring junior engineers and improving the engineering craftsmanship.

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 217000 - 255000US Zone 2: 190000 - 224000US Zone 3: 169000 - 199000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.