Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
Robinhood is looking for a Oracle Financial Applications Engineer in the enterprise application space to join our Corporate Engineering team. As a member of the team, youll be responsible for planning, designing, implementing, and maintaining company SaaS applications and tools. This includes partnering with multi-functional teams (HR, Finance, Security, Legal, Procurement, Tax etc) to assist with any and all application integrations. You will work to ensure that the enterprise SaaS technology architecture and governance are aligned to strategic business initiatives, company goals, and the mission to democratize finance for all. This role is a great opportunity to join the team as a founding member and help build out the enterprise applications function at Robinhood.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Partnering with Finance and Accounting to transform business and automate processes to improve month-end close cycle times.
Assessing business requirements, evaluating possible solutions and then implementing andor recommending solutions
Working closely with multi-functional teams such as finance, customer experience, engineering, procurement, tax and legal, as well as vendors and external partners
Performing Proof of Concept exercises to test and evaluate competing design ideas and demonstrate functionality to business partners
Implementing SaaS system changes and administering access to systems and information within approved IT security policies, guidelines, and standards
Creating and maintaining standards, procedures, and documentation related to areas of responsibility. May participate in system audits and perform testing for disaster recovery or SOX controls, ensuring a secure processing environment that protects the integrity and availability of information
Creating sandboxtest environments for evaluation and testing of new technologies

What you bring

Minimum 3 years demonstrated ability with Oracle Fusion Financial Cloud Services
2 full life-cycle Oracle Fusion Cloud Financials Implementations
Strong background in P2P (Procure to Pay) and R2R (Record to Report)
Modules - GL, AP, AR, FA, Cash Management and FCCS
Experience in designing the oracle financials and consolidation solutions and reporting in fast-paced, high-volume environments
Strong conceptual understanding of Accounting Hub Cloud Services (AHCS), or Fusion Accounting Hub (FAH)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with both engineering and non-engineering audiences with customer focus and problem solving approach.
5 years in the IT space with 3 years of proven experience in design, development, implementation, and support of enterprise SaaS applications.
Strong working knowledge of compliance regulations and its implementation in the ITSaaS applications space.
Drive to achieve the highest standards of service, implementation excellence and on-time delivery.
Proven experience with managing cloud applications and platforms.
Ability to find out-of-box solutions to best fit Robinhoods needs.
Self-starter with the ability to overcome all obstacles and challenges with little to no supervision
A focus in developing automated business systems

Bonus points:

Oracle Fusion Cloud Certification in Finance modules
Experience using Anaplan or similar planning, budgeting, and forecasting software
Experience with programmingscripting languages (SQL, Python, Go, etc)
Prior experience working with a fintech company

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more! 
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 162000 - 190000US Zone 2: 142000 - 167000US Zone 3: 126000 - 148000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.