Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the role:
The preferred location for this position is in or around Robinhoods offices in Menlo Park, CA, or New York City, NY, with in-office work capabilities of at least 3xweek.
Robinhood is looking for a senior Program Manager to provide horizontal support for our Design and Creative teams with expertise and passion for program strategy and operations in a product-driven environment.
The ideal candidate is a problem solver who takes responsibility and ownership to make processes and programs run smoothly, and they understand needs and dynamics of the team as they evolve. This role requires a breadth of project management experience, as well as deep expertise in both the Design and Creative development processes. Strong organization skills, communication skills, and operational excellence are critical, as this person will lead workflows, communicate and remove roadblocks, and continuously iterate on and improve the teams operating model. They will be the right hand of Design and Creative leadership, make sure everything is running like clockwork, and ensure that our Design managers, Creative Managers, and Producers are set up to make the best work possible for our customers.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
Your day-to-day will involve:

Supporting and liaising for the Design and Creative teams - connecting these functions to product development and marketing, ensuring inter-dependencies are understood and planned
Establishing and driving planning processes with leadership, budgeting (with finance), reporting, and communications cadences
Serving as air traffic control and being the central source for project launch prioritization and partnering with leadership to resource new initiatives
Developing and maintaining tracking solutions for launches, ensuring systems connect strategically to existing trackers and communication centers for reporting to leadership
Managing information and archiving centers - ensuring documentation is updated and that files are properly archived and reflect appropriate status and content
Working with finance to actualize functional costs at the end of each month (i.e. for license assets, stock photos, animations, music, etc.)
Managing legal, compliance, and procurement processes for all vendors and softwares, as well as licensing and employee access
Establishing onboarding toolkits and templates for new hires, ensuring documentation and resources are up to date

Some things we consider critical for this role:

5-7 years of experience in Design or Creative program management or project management in a product development or agency environment
Expertise in Design and Creative development processes
Excellent communication, project, and time-management skills with an ability to learn quickly and accommodate rapid change
Able to organize information quickly and at a high level in order to address potential roadblocks and define the best way forward, keeping in mind the quality of the work while giving it room to develop
Strong understanding of digital and video asset creation and approval cycles
Able to work independently and have a strong sense of ownership

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 149000 - 175000US Zone 2: 131000 - 154000US Zone 3: 116000 - 137000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.