Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The Securities Lending Senior Trader will support Robinhoods ambitious growth plans for Securities Finance (Short Selling, Alternative Securities Lending, and Repo). They will serve as a domain expert, functional area advisor, and contribute to our business plans for measurable short to mid-term growth. The candidate will drive the scoping and planning of critical projects and manage their execution. Additionally, the candidate will be responsible for presenting new ideas and areas for growth and will influence senior leaders on the direction to take the desk.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Be the face of RHS to the Street; acting as an account rep, salesperson and ambassador for the firm.
Constantly collaborate with the Director of Securities Finance, and other groups within the organization.
Adhere to, and remain compliant with Robinhood Securities Securities Lending Trading related Written Supervisory Procedures.
Process Robinhood Securities regulatory inquiries, reporting and audits.
Manage and resolve counterparty relationships and issues at the executive level.
Meet and exceed daily, weekly, monthly and annual revenue targets.
Manage trade blotter and optimize revenue stream by seeking out, identifying and selling special situation trades and deal stocks to our counterparties.
Mentor other traders on the desk and coach them to provide unique solutions to complex problems.
Collaborate with senior leaders, executives, legal, compliance, product managers and engineers.

What you bring 

15 years of experience and be recognized as an expert by the industry.
Aggressive approach to trading with the ability to operate in an extremely fast paced environment.
Engaging personality and excellent relationship management skills.
Ability to learn quickly, think critically and apply problem-solving skills to resolve issues and implement process improvements.
Trustworthy, self-motivated and able to thrive in an entrepreneurial environment.
A passion for Robinhoods product and our mission to democratize access to Our Financial System.
Previous Securities Lending experience and expertise.
FINRA Series 7 or attained within 90 days.

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 166000 - 195000US Zone 2: 146000 - 172000US Zone 3: 129000 - 152000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.