Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.
About the team  role
 
Robinhood is looking for an Anaplan Applications Engineer to lend their expertise to several Anaplan projects and production support activities.  You will be responsible for partnering across multiple Robinhood business units to gather requirements and perform model building, change management, product-level reporting, and managing engineering tasks to support our mission-critical FS applications.  This role is an excellent opportunity to join the team as a founding member and help build out the Financial Planning Engineering team Robinhood.What Youll Do Day-to-day
 

It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.

 
What youll do

Review  support the Anaplan Workspace usage and configuration changes
Work closely to partner and build relationships with leadership across FS, finance, engineering, and TAFR, as well as vendors and external partners
Operate cross-functionally with some ambiguity, and provide expertise to FPA team on best practices for modeling and reporting
Escalation on JIRA tickets for Access, Enhancements, and Integration failures
Translate existing solutions, spreadsheets, and business problems into Anaplan multi-dimensional models
Design Anaplan integrations with Oracle Fusion Cloud Financial Services, Oracle FCCS and Workday
Work closely together with teams and share expertise to ensure product success
Enhance skills beyond own core functional focus and work on other tasks for the benefit of the team
Produces, maintains and conducts test plans for user acceptance testing for new functionality and defect resolution; regression testing and testing of fixes to defects in releases.
Assessing business requirements, evaluating possible solutions and then implementing andor recommending solutions
Performing Proof of Concept exercises to test and evaluate competing design ideas and demonstrate functionality to business partners
Creating and maintaining standards, procedures, and documentation related to areas of responsibility. May participate in system audits and perform testing for disaster recovery or SOX controls, ensuring a secure processing environment that protects the integrity and availability of information
Partner with FS to identify process improvements and coordinate with teams to identify MVP product for each phases
Establish operating modelownership of Anaplan activities to maintain the application and product engagement
Participate in SOX discussions to make Anaplan a compliant financial reporting tool
Participate in requirement gathering and user story development
Participate in data integration and migration solutions
Participate andor lead UAT testing and deployment
Create UAT test cases, scripts and Traceability Matrix
Manage delivery of scope and deliverables across IT and FS Team
Triage issue log of PROD reported issues and assign work accordingly
Weekly communication of project status across tracks
Knowledge share and train partner organizations on best practices for feature usage

What you bring

3 year or more experience of successfully implementing Anaplan solutions
Advanced Google Sheets,  Microsoft Excel, and financial modeling skills
Core FPA business process knowledge
Willingness to learn and use new technologies and touch any system to accomplish your goals
Extremely data-driven. You instrument and analyze everything about your systems
Strong communication skills and presentation skills
Finance, MIS background or any other relevant fields of study
Experience with high-growth startups
Knowledge of Oracle Cloud EPM (FCC), Leases, GL, AP, or AR
Experience with programmingscripting languages (SQL, Looker, etc)
Experience with JIRAConfluence, ServiceNow, Coupa and Workday financials
Prior experience working with a fintech or start-up is a plus

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more! 
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 132000 - 155000US Zone 2: 116000 - 136000US Zone 3: 103000 - 121000
Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.