Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
As a Software Engineer on the Streaming Platform Team, youll be building large scale distributed systems powering nearly all microservice communication and stream processing across the company.
We build platforms to enable real-time streaming, stateful stream processing, and database change data capture. We heavily rely on open source frameworks and build our platforms on top of them. These platforms power everything from placing a trade on the Robinhood app, to new products like IPO Access, to critical day to day business operations.
Our customers are product engineers, infrastructure engineers, ML engineers, data engineers, data scientists, and analysts with Robinhood. We collaborate closely with them to provide reliable, secure, and delightful platforms that enable them to unlock new ways of solving problems.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Designing, operating, integrating, and developing data infrastructure platforms
Collaborating closely with our internal customers to develop highly effective platforms
Working with open source technologies like Kafka, Flink, and Debezium (with opportunities to contribute back to the community!)
Building a phenomenal customer experience for developers using the infrastructure you build
Mentoring and coaching others to drive successful projects across the team

What you bring 

5 years of software engineering experience.
Experience with building scalable distributed systems, both from scratch as well as on open source frameworks.
Passionate about building platforms for developers and data professionals
Deep understanding of the tradeoffs between different data tools and technologies
Comfortable with working on containerized technologies

Bonus points

You have opinions on Kafka vs Kinesis, Spark vs Flink
Contributions to open source projects like Kafka, Spark, Hudi, Flink e.t.c.
Love talking to other engineers and enjoy debugging issues in all parts of the stack

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 187000 - 220000US Zone 2: 165000 - 194000US Zone 3: 146000 - 172000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.