Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The preferred location for this position is in or around Robinhoods offices in Menlo Park, CA or New York, NY or Chicago, IL or Seattle, WA with in-office work capabilities, as may be required by management, but remote work in limited geographies within the U.S. may be considered. Check with your recruiter for more information.
The Corporate Strategy team is a diverse group of professionals, who work across ProductMarket, Finance, Internal Operations, and Customer Loyalty. We collaborate with teams across the organization to drive decision making on our highest level company priorities. The Lean Implementation Leader will join the team to build and grow Robinhoods Lean and Operational Excellence capability and program.
The ideal candidate will be able to work across functions to identify, map, and optimize operational processes using LeanSix Sigma toolkit and frameworks. You will be a strategic problem solver, who can scope projects, conduct process mapping, analyze data, and identify process improvement opportunities. This role will work cross functionally at all levels of the organization to gather information, test hypotheses, and inspire change.
What youll do

Root Cause analysis: Source, structure, and analyze data to find opportunities and key gaps.
Program Management: Support complex programs, align scope with cross functional partners and present results to team members at all levels of the organization.
LeanSix Sigma Expertise: Become a go-to expert for helping the organization build and implement a successful Lean program. This includes bringing a toolkit, training, facilitation, and execution capabilities to the team.
Navigating Ambiguity: Distill complex business problems into their essential elements and prioritize work that helps Robinhood improve and grow.

What you bring 

8 years of related experience, ideally building and leading a LeanSix Sigma program in a complex organization, with a proven track record of reducing costs and improving customer experiences.
Robust qualitative and quantitative analytical skills, excellent attention to detail, and strong business acumen. Ability to analyze Pareto charts, identify root causes, and propose process improvements.
Self-starter who can navigate ambiguity and a constantly evolving work environment.
Strong communicator with broad facilitation skills; able to influence decision making and engage audiences across levels and functions.
Results driven with the ability to challenge the status quo, inspire change, and measure impact
Lean Six Sigma certifications
Knowledge of NPS

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more! 
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 170000 - 200000US Zone 2: 150000 - 176000US Zone 3: 133000 - 156000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.