Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
Were looking for an exceptional individual to lead the Robinhood Creative Team. In this role, youll be responsible for setting the Creative vision for everything we do, including all of our Brand and Marketing efforts, as well as influencing the Product experience. Youll partner closely with leaders across the company while also leading and developing our diverse team of Creatives. You are an experienced creative, manager, and inspiring leader who can elevate the work and scale the team.
You think strategically and holistically about Brand and Marketing experiences, including how our brand shows up in the Product experience. Youve developed brilliant creative work across the entire customer journey from top of funnel awareness campaigns through effective and engaging performance marketing efforts, and everything in between. You are a proven innovator who thrives on leading teams to deliver memorable and unique creative executions.
As we embark on the next stage of our business, as the Head of Creative you will be instrumental in creating the foundations we work off for years to come. Youll work in close partnership with our executive team to set the vision and then lead your team to bring it to life. The creative campaigns you lead will communicate our vision of democratizing finance for all with the world.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Drive the evolution of our brand, voice, and creative strategy as Robinhood evolves to the next phase of our product and brand
Lead, manage, and inspire a team of creatives, including creative directors, art directors, designer, and writers, to deliver their best creative work and grow in their careers
Push creative boundaries, keeping a high bar of quality, with exquisite taste
Foster an open culture of design critique and feedback across Brand and Marketing executions
Work closely with our c-suiteexecutive team to translate our founders vision into Brand and Marketing experiences
Help us define the next phase of Robinhoods brand story and evangelize it through a variety of channels and mediums
Partner closely with Product, Marketing, Design, Research, Brand and PR to define and align our creative work with company-wide business initiatives
Lead the full creative team to work cross-functionally for brand campaigns, partnerships, product launches, events, and more, while ensuring cohesive execution across all brand touchpoints
Manage and guide the work of creative agencies and external partners

What you bring

Minimum of 12 years of experience in the creative space as a CD or GCD
Portfolio of previous work, that displays an ability to turn an idea into a cohesive campaign across different channels and mediums
A strong operator, able to drive a clear creative vision and bring along executive leadership, while still supporting your team
Exquisite taste with an eye for exceptional creative, copy and visual design
Endless curiosity about pushing the boundaries of creative informed by your experience working in a variety of different areas
Ability to convey creative concepts in a way that inspires your team as well as stakeholders
Communicative and transparent with your work, enabling more collaboration in your team
Strong sense of design sensibilities, from high-level strategic direction down to small design details
Experience directing illustrators, brand designers, motion designers and copywriters
Experience working both in-house and at agencies a plus

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 230000 - 270000US Zone 2: 202000 - 238000US Zone 3: 179000 - 211000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.