Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
Developer Infrastructures mission is to empower engineering to build with quality, velocity, and confidence.
To realize our mission were building a platform that enables Robinhood Engineering to quickly and confidently ship quality software to market. Our platform currently comprises the following teams: Developer Experience, Test Experience, Web Platform, and Mobile Platform. Were responsible for all the tooling, systems, and processes that enable engineers to traverse the software development lifecycle at Robinhood.
Our teams help engineering move quickly and safely. We find, fix, and left shift production issues back to development. We view engineering as a whole and drive systemic improvements to our development processes and culture. We sweep up and janitor anything which is generally painful. We are the last line of defense if something is wrong in engineering.
What you bring

Experience leading a medium to large size team of engineers.
A focus on software engineering craftsmanship; testing, static analysis, continuous integration, delivery, and deployment.
Understanding of what metrics to drive to increase engineering velocity and quality.
Passion for mentoring junior engineers and improving engineering craftsmanship.
Eagerness to learn and use new technologies and share with the team.
Experience with Monorepos and modern build systems (ie Bazel, Buck, Pants).
Ideally, youve managed an engineering productivity or developer experience team previously.

Technologies we use:

Bazel
Buildkite and Jenkins
Kubernetes
Python and Go
Intellij and VSCode
Monorepo
Phabricator
GitHub
Git

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 217,000 - 255,000US Zone 2: 190,000 - 224,000US Zone 3: 169,000 - 199,000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.