Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
In this role, you will be a member of the Litigation and Regulatory Enforcement team within Robinhoods Legal and Corporate Affairs team and work on a wide variety of important regulatory enforcement matters. You will serve as a key contributor on high-stakes disputes and interactions with regulators. To be successful, you must be an organized self-starter and excellent teammate. This role requires pragmatic judgment and the ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks and responsibilities in a fast-paced environment.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Strategically manage a variety of regulatory matters in jurisdictions around the country
Partner closely with outside counsel to represent Robinhood in connection with all aspects of regulatory investigations
Contribute on litigation matters
Work collaboratively with cross-functional business partners to proactively address risks
Assist with special projects as may be assigned

What you bring 

J.D. from an ABA accredited law school (or foreign equivalent) and strong academic record
Member in good standing of at least 1 U.S. State Bar
At least 5 years of significant investigations experience
Prior work experience at a top-tier law firm, in-house legal department, or government agency
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong attention to details
Demonstrated ability to successfully lead and manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment, both independently and as part of a team

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 202000 - 238000US Zone 2: 178000 - 209000US Zone 3: 158000 - 186000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.