Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The Internal Communications teams mission is to inform and inspire Robinhoodies through communications that connect them to our business and culture.
As an Internal Comms Manager, you will own the communication strategy and messaging for programs, changes, and news coming from our PeopleX (HR) function (i.e. compensation, benefits, and other employee programs). You also will lead manager-facing communication efforts, and serve as the comms point for other GA functions such as ethics, compliance, learning, legal, community affairs, finance, and more.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Develop strategy and messaging to communicate HR news to the company
Improve manager-facing communications channels and cadence
Own communications originating in our administrativeservice functions
Manage internal information and collaboration tools, such as our editorial calendar and wiki page
Partner with HR teams for story mining and amplification, including IEB, recruiting, talent brand, and more
Support corporate communications efforts, such as deals, earnings, and other announcements

What you bring 

4 years of experience in Internal Communications, including partnering with internal HR teams to communicate changes and updates to the broader org
Exceptional writing, editing, and presentation skills
Experience managing programs, events, and organizational change
Eagerness and aptitude to learn and explain broad subject matter quickly
Expertise with information and collaboration apps
Track record of cultivating community and culture

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 115000 - 135000US Zone 2: 101000 - 119000US Zone 3: 89000 - 105000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.