Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The Storage Team is responsible for some of the most critical database and caching systems at Robinhood. We own and build all things related to Robinhoods relational, non-relational databases, including all things related to caching infrastructure. We utilize and build with technologies such as PostgresSQL, AWS DyanmoDB, Memcached, Redis and Kubernetes among others.
Our work is instrumental to Robinhood as we have workloads that are transaction heavy and real time which presents a host of challenges. You will help scale our storage infrastructure to 100 million users and beyond, and we truly believe that few opportunities like this exist elsewhere. We hope you will join us on this mission.
As a Senior Software Engineer on the team you will help architect, build and lead projects in software to help us build storage systems that can significantly scale!
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Design large-scale, distributed storage systems within the team, making the right tradeoffs for risk and long-term maintainability
Set up and drive technical directions of the project while mentoring and up-leveling junior engineers on the team.
Supporting core backend systems for the team and helping build out new greenfield initiatives.
Partner cross functionally to ensure teams are set up for success in regards to their testing and use of the product

What you bring 

Experience building and maintaining storage infrastructure systems, ideally offering relational, non-relational or caching products, that are designed to handle significant scale
Experience with CGolangPython.
Experience mentoring and leading junior engineers.
Experience with a variety of database technologies
Bonus points for open source contributions to PostgreSQL, MySQL or similar products

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 187000 - 220000US Zone 2: 165000 - 194000US Zone 3: 146000 - 172000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.