Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
Robinhood is looking for a Senior Tax Operations Analyst to join our team! This is a pure project management role, and we are seeking driven individuals who thrive in a fast-paced environment, and who can juggle multiple high priority initiatives. If youre a self-starter, who can work independently, but also are excited to drive and collaborate on Tax projects - this is a great opportunity for you! 
This role will be reporting to the Senior Manager, Tax Ops and will work closely with our Tax, Product, and Engineering teams to prioritize all projects that impact Robinhoods Tax Operations. This role will manage and help develop the Tax Operations teams strategic roadmap, including tax involvement in company-wide projects and launches, vendor strategy, and tax regulatory project management.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Develop and manage the Tax Ops roadmap for key projects that impact tax operations, and communicate requirements to senior leadership and key stakeholders in cross-functional teams
Manage all tax related communications and training materials to ensure customers and other stakeholders are aware of key deadlines, including the tax season calendar
Strategically lead various tax-related projects to launch, improve, and scale Robinhood products and systems (i.e. Securities, Crypto, and Cash-related products) both domestically and internationally
Understand and prioritize regulatory projects and deadlines, including tax season preparation and coordination in partnership with Product Managers andor Engineering teams across all lines of business to secure vital resources and ensure timely delivery
Monitor and track new product launches, use metrics and KPIs to evaluate team progress, and hold vendors accountable to service level agreements and delivery timelines
Collaborate with various business partners on tax projects designed to enhance customer experience by offering new reports or functionality and by improving communications and help content

What you bring 

Bachelors Degree or higher
5 years experience in successful project delivery; including 2 years of project management experience for financial services, securities, or crypto companies - project management certifications are a plus! 
High attention to detail and ability to drive projects to completion in a deadline-driven and highly regulated environment
Strong analytical and communication skills
Experience leading large-scale projects impacting a retail customer base
Knowledge of tax information reporting and withholding rules for US and non-US customers, including 1099 and 1042-S reporting and withholding, is a plus!

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 115000 - 135000US Zone 2: 101000 - 119000US Zone 3: 89000 - 105000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.