Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
Our People team plays a critical role in finding and growing world-class talent to achieve our mission, and we need your help!
As a People Partner (what we call HRBPs) within our technical PP group, youll help make Robinhood an amazing place to work where our engineers can grow and thrive. By partnering with a set of client groups which could include groups like Data Science, Infrastructure or Customer Trust and Safety, youll implement key people programs across the departments, and youll support our leaders in tackling some of the toughest problems in the financial  tech industries. This is a critical role on the PeopleX team that will help to build and maintain initiatives, manage operational processes, and deliver programs that help people succeed.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Advise and influence senior andor executive leaders: Youll enable the technology organization to solve critical and complex business challenges by building close partnerships with some of our most senior leaders in engineering, security and privacy, product, and research and design, and by obtaining a deep understanding of Robinhoods business and the foundational role that our Infrastructure Team plays
Create and execute a people strategy aligned with business goals: By working alongside business leaders, youll bring together your people expertise with knowledge of our business to create and execute on a people strategy that proactively grows, develops, and engages our talent
Coach and develop managers: Youll leverage your experience in change management, building high-performing teams, and navigating difficult conversations to coach managers and leaders and to set them up for success from onboarding through the full range of the employee journey
Manage organizational change: Youll collaborate with other People team members to effectively communicate and land organizational changes by advocating for your groups specific needs and facilitating company-wide communications and trainings
Advise on compensation design: By partnering directly with our compensation team, youll help drive decisions that align our culture with our reward strategies while ensuring internal parity
Champion Robinhoods technical culture: Youll be responsible for championing and stewarding the culture of our Engineering teams - ensuring that their unique voices, perspectives, and challenges are heard
Roll up your sleeves: From data entry to ad-hoc administrative work, youre ready to jump in and do what it takes to support our people operations and programs
Project-manage complex programs: Youll work closely with the business, COEs, and fellow people partners to drive the project management of certain programs where were building the foundation of the technology group. As we scale quickly, we need to make sure our foundations (how we level, define career paths, measure and reward success) are growing too.

What you bring 

7 years of HR experience
Experience as an HRBP in a more mature or later stage company within the technology sector, as well as in an earlier stage, high growth, fast paced environment.
If experience is exclusively in later stage companies, must have worked with a technology focused client group.
If experience is at both an early stage tech startup and then a mature non-tech company, that suffices even if they did not support a technical client group.
High agility and willingness to change and adapt as priorities evolve
Expertise in building relationships based on trust with leaders at all levels
A focus on leading with an Enterprise Mindset
A deep sense of empathy and understanding for the needs of diverse groups of people
Ability to strike a balance between strategic partnership-building and getting things done
Ability to drive programs forward through their own project management capabilities
Comfort with interpreting and using people data to tell a story and translating it into actionable strategy

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 145000 - 170000US Zone 2: 128000 - 150000US Zone 3: 113000 - 133000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.