Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
At Robinhood, we believe in equipping our product teams with a robust platform through our Infrastructure Engineering Organization. We champion transparency, teamwork, and inclusivity, ensuring every member feels seen and heard. Our driving force is to enable data-driven decisions and to design platforms that can handle substantial data scales efficiently.
We value diverse voices and experiences, understanding that they enrich our workspace. If you have expertise in data infrastructure or have captained teams in similar roles, were eager to collaborate. Your contributions will be vital in elevating our platforms experience for all collaborators.
Join us in our mission to democratize finance for all.
What youll do

Empower  Elevate: Mentor and grow a team of top-tier engineers, fostering a culture of continuous learning, collaboration, and excellence.
Drive Impactful Decisions: Collaborate cross-functionally with product, analytics, and engineering teams to translate business needs into robust, scalable, and efficient data infrastructure systems.
Champion Reliability  Efficiency: Be responsible for the optimization of our data lake infrastructure, ensuring lightning-fast data delivery, minimal downtime, and maximum scalability.

What you bring 

You bring along 5 years of hands-on engineering prowess, specializing in crafting expansive data infrastructure systems.
Over the past 2 years, youve thrived as an Engineering Manager.
Complex technical projects? Youve led them from conception to completion, redefining overarching objectives into tangible results.
User privacy is paramount to you. Youve designed systems rooted in meticulous data governance standards, championing both privacy and security.
Your commitment to fostering team development shines through. You take pride in guiding engineers, elevating their expertise, and cultivating an environment of technical excellence.

Technologies we use:

Languages: Python, Java
FrameworksPlatforms: Spark, Flink, Kafka Connect, Hudi, Debezium, Airflow, etc.
Databases and Query Engines: Presto, Hive, PostgreSQL, DynamoDb, etc.
Infrastructure Management: Kubernetes, Docker, AWS, Terraform, SaltStack

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 217000 - 255000US Zone 2: 190000 - 224000US Zone 3: 169000 - 199000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.