Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
Privacy Infrastructure teams mission is to build tools and infrastructure that helps our customers manage privacy of their data effectively. This team sits in Data Infrastructure organization and works very closely with our Security Engineering team. Team is responsible for building tools and features that improves Robinhoods overall Privacy posture and ensure we not only meet but exceed our regulatory requirements.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What you bring

Passion for Privacy.
Lead a team of software engineers, developing tools and infrastructure to support data Privacy initiatives and promote Privacy by Design principles across the organization.
Collaborate with cross functional partners to create a Privacy strategy and Roadmap for Robinhood, involving Product Engineering, Legal, Security, and Platform engineering.
Promote inclusive conversations and leverage your technical expertise to make informed engineering decisions that drive progress.
Coach and mentor engineers, prioritize quality, and recruit talented individuals to enhance the teams skills.
Monitor and contribute towards improving the stability of our engineering solutions.
Proficiency with Python or Golang.
Ideally you have previously led a Privacy Engineering team focused on GDPR or CCPA implementation.

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 217000 - 255000US Zone 2: 190000 - 224000US Zone 3: 169000 - 199000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.