Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
Robinhood continues to build out its Brand team. As the Brand Campaign Manager, youll help elevate and amplify the Robinhood brand and our products to audiences key to our business growth through compelling, provocative, and impactful marketing campaigns.
We are looking for a customer- and culture-obsessed marketer who can develop campaign strategy, then execute on it by leading a cross-functional team. As a champion of the audience and the brand, youll recommend powerful consumer and cultural insights rooted in data that will be the springboard for work that cuts through the category noise to our target audience, inspiring action and driving business impact.
Youll work on our most innovative and meaningful products alongside cross-functional teams from Product Marketing, Media, Operations, Creative, Data Science, Comms, Research, Legal and more.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Independently orchestrate end-to-end 360 campaign development from insight mining to ideation to execution as the strategic and operational backbone of a cross-functional team, across digital, social and IRL channels
Leverage data and research to inform cut-through channel and activation strategies to reach our target audiences in an bold, impactful and efficient way resulting in outsized impact beyond that of the planned media spend.
Identify opportunities to test and learn, pushing beyond the expected while ensuring that we have appropriate measurement set up for each learning agenda.
Standardize and improve campaign development processes that empower yourself and others to work more efficiently
Provide thought leadership and best practices recommendations grounded in a pulse of the category, understanding of our competitor landscape, best in class marketing, and past learnings first-hand.

What you bring 

4-6 years of professional work experience in a Brand Campaign or Integrated Marketing capacity
Naturally keeps a pulse on the marketing andor financial services industries and applies learnings to their day-to-day.
Strong relationship building capabilities and ability to work cross-functionally
Experience managing creative, media, andor research agency partners
Experience in tech companies where customer insight is paramount

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 136000 - 160000US Zone 2: 120000 - 141000US Zone 3: 106000 - 125000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.