Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The preferred location for this position is in or around Robinhoods offices in Menlo Park, CA or New York, NY with in-office work capabilities, as may be required by management, but remote work in limited geographies within the U.S. may be considered. Check with your recruiter for more information.
The Internal Audit Team at Robinhood assists the companys Audit Committee of the Board with protecting assets, reputation, and sustainability of the organization. The Internal Audit function provides independent, objective, reliable, valued and timely assurance regarding the effectiveness of internal controls that mitigate current and emerging risks and help strengthen the internal controls ecosystem.
Robinhood Markets (RHM) is the parent company of various lines of business, including Brokerage, Crypto, and Cash services. We are looking for a Technology Director to join our dynamic team of auditors.  You will be charged with overseeing the execution of audits in the Engineering and Security functions and supporting integrated audits across the various lines of businesses.  
This position requires a leader with expert understanding of risks in a regulated Fintech setting. The successful candidate is a proven leader, collaborative, analytical, technical expert that can lead audits across multiple disciplines such as information security, software development privacy, cloud technology etc. The preferred location for this position is in or around Robinhoods offices in Menlo Park, CA or New York, NY with in-office work capabilities, as may be required by management, but remote work in limited geographies within the U.S. may be considered. Check with your recruiter for more information.
This position reports to the VP of Risk and Internal Audit. 
What youll do

Assist Audit leadership with the development of the Internal Audit plan and the overall strategic direction of the Internal Audit program
Be accountable for the achievement of Internal Audit objectives as they align to the internal audit strategy and company OKRs
Be responsible for the execution of end-to-end audit procedures in the audit lifecycle: plan and lead audits to assess controls and processes in the areas of Engineering and Security, incl. audit planning, execution, reporting and remediation validation
Conclude on audit results and present ratings and recommendations to senior management, C-Team members and the Audit Committee as needed.
Lead the discussion on  enterprise-wide topics to various levels of management within Security  Engineering. Influence management to act on recommendations to strengthen the control environment and make process improvements.
Establish and manage relationships with senior leaders and risk partners. Share perspectives including industry best practices, audit standards, regulatory requirements and global impact with key stakeholders.
Support the creation of reports and presentations for the department, Robinhood entities, Audit Committee, regulators and external auditors.
Partner on continuous development and enhancement of the Audit practice to align with the overall objective and goals of the Audit function (including development of frameworks, metrics, procedures, partnerships, communications and training programs).
Participate in special projects and perform other duties as assigned.

What you bring 

Masters degree in a relevant field of study (e.g. Computer Science, Information Systems, Data Science or Computer Engineering)
10 years of technology auditing experience, including IT and Operations auditing, risk management, IT Compliance, Information Security, or software development
Financial Services knowledge and financial product knowledge is preferred
Ability to partner with business, engineering, data and product teams to strengthen controls environment using automated techniques
Experience in end-to-end project management, system evaluation, and cross-functional collaboration
Experience with information system lifecycle processes, including source code management, continuous integration, scalable architecture concepts, and decentralized software development governance.
Deep understanding of infrastructure components and corresponding relevant risk mitigation techniques.
Audit experience related to systems reliability, cloud computing, software development processes, database design, setup and administration, product design and configuration of complex financial and regulatory requirements with systems
Experience assessing environments for privacysecurity risk using privacysecurity fundamentals (i.e., cookies, encryption, anonymization, perimeter defense, etc.)
Experience auditing Cyber and Cloud ComputingAWS, data privacy, business continuity planning and disaster recovery
Experience conducting audits using frameworks such as COBIT, ITIL, ISO, IT General Controls (ITGC), NIST, GDPR, NYDFS andor other industry standard control frameworks to document and assess Cybersecurity  IT processes.
CISA, CISSP, CRISC, CDPSE or CISM certifications

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more! 
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 213000 - 250000US Zone 2: 187000 - 220000US Zone 3: 166000 - 195000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.