Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The Fraud Detection and Prevention Senior Lead is responsible for developing, managing, monitoring and continuously optimizing fraud detection strategies, rules and procedures. Youll also partner with data modeling and fraud operations teams, and leverage 3rd party and in-house capabilities to detect and deter fraud related to Robinhood products (Brokerage, Money, Crypto).
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Analyze data to discover novel ways to detect fraud
Work with Fraud Operations, Data Science, and Engineering to develop features and implement fraud rules
Optimize fraud rules to ensure effectiveness and impact (e.g. balance fraud losses against operational efficiency and customer friction)
Develop fraud dashboards to monitor fraud rule performance
Partner with card networks and payment processors to enhance fraud detection techniques
Leverage 3rd party fraud detection services to compliment in-house processes
Summarize high level fraud trends, behavior patterns, and financial metrics in both informal (ad-hoc meetings, Slack) and formal (presentations) deliverables

What you bring 

Bachelors degree in Finance, Mathematics, Computer Science or other related field
7 years experience in Risk andor Fraud detection
5 years of hands-on SQL experience
Proficient experience with Python or other scripting languages
Proven understanding of analytical techniques like unsupervised learning, pattern recognition, and statistical analysis on fraud datasets
Proficient experience in data visualization tools such as Tableau, Looker etc.
Strong communication and influencing skills, experience working with cross-functional teams, including operations, data science, product, and engineering teams

What we offer:

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 174000 - 205000US Zone 2: 153000 - 180000US Zone 3: 136000 - 160000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.