Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The Service Discovery and Communication team is a critical component of Robinhoods infrastructure and has some of the highest throughput systems in the organization! Our products are powered by a multitude of powerful microservices working in unison. In order for these microservices to work, they need to be able to locate and communicate with each other. The technologies we use are PythonGo with Django as the framework of choice, and C is a bonus as we construct our global edge. We also use tools like Envoy, Nginx, and gRPC for inter-service communication. We build and deploy the fundamental systems that enable this real-time, inter-service communication all while being highly-scaleable, robust and reliable!
As an Engineering Manager, you will lead and develop a highly technical team. You will have true ownership of the features built, lead the execution and delivery of these features, all while developing and fostering a high performant team. This is all in an effort to continue to delight our users and ensure systems are constantly communicating seamlessly.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Lead the teams execution including implementing appropriate processes, establishing a high standard of performance, managing risks and resource allocation
Lead architecture design sessions in tandem with your technical lead, to facilitate your team to design large scale systems making the right tradeoffs for risk and long-term maintainability.
Guide the team to keep a focus on software engineering craftsmanship; testing, static analysis, continuous integration, delivery, and deployment.
Proactively identify and drive optimizations and improvements to the infrastructure and systems.
Grow and develop a team of inspired and hardworking engineers who have high expectations of themselves and their teammates to chip in to ensuring Robinhoods success

What you bring 

Proven understanding of Networking and Microservice Architecture and a familiarity with writing highly concurrent systems with load balancing techniques.
You are able to tackle sophisticated engineering problems that deliver results which help the team to achieve its objectives.
You have built and developed an impactful team of passionate engineers.
Passion in mentoring junior engineers and improving the engineering craftsmanship!

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 217000 - 255000US Zone 2: 190000 - 224000US Zone 3: 169000 - 199000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.