Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
The Capacity Engineering and Analysis team (CEA) is a dedicated engineering group within Infrastructure Engineering, that is tasked as the guardians of our cloud costs for Robinhood. Join a team that works multi-functionally building critical systems to identify and reduce costs to ensure we optimize for scaled cloud use. The team is expected to continue to expand its scope from observability and cost dashboards to much more as the team continues to grow!
We are looking for an Engineering Manager to lead the team as part of our infrastructure group within Robinhood.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll bring 

Coach and mentor Robinhoods talented engineers by giving them actionable feedback, setting clear goals, and coordinating project work with other teams and managers
Deliver high-quality, impactful projects in record time with thoughtful planning centered around cost saving measures within the cloud.
Build out road maps and ensure your team is set up for success to deliver through as needed recruitment, technical expertise, and empathic leadership.
Improve the quality of Robinhoods products and engineering by refining metrics and establishing processes for improvement
Work with other various cross functional partners and engineering managers to refine and improve Robinhoods processes and systems as we optimize for cost savings.

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 247000 - 290000US Zone 2: 217000 - 255000US Zone 3: 192000 - 226000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.