Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
As a member of this team, youll be the companys voice and will use exceptional empathy and product expertise to ensure our users feel understood and valued.
You will be empowered to help our customers with a range of needs from simplistic to complex by phone, email and chat. This work will range in various topics including equities trading, margin, and options trading-related issues. Your job is not only to help our customers, but to help us learn as a company from each interaction, so that we can make our customers experience using our products as seamless as possible. We offer a variety of schedules designed to meet our customers and employee needs.
Available Shifts

Sunday - Thursday 3:00pm-12:00am ET
Sunday - Thursday 11:00pm-8:00am ET
Tuesday - Saturday 7:00am-4:00pm ET
Tuesday - Saturday 3:00pm-12:00am ET
Tuesday - Saturday 11:00pm-8:00am ET

The role is located in the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Delivering an outstanding customer experience for customers through phone, email, and chat channels
Driving continuous improvement to delight customers by acting as the voice of the customer by identifying and communicating better ways to serve our customers
Growing your financial services expertise as you develop deep subject mastery of complex financial concepts like equities trading, margin, and options trading

What you bring

Active FINRA Series 7 and 63 Licenses with an ability to quickly put your brokerage knowledge into action
Excellent customer service, written and verbal communication skills with a passion to support customers
Effectiveness and willingness to adapt to CX experience delivery through phone and written channels
Ability to quickly defuse customer anxiety through exceptional customer service skills
Self-starter and ambitious learner who is comfortable with ambiguity and fast paced environment
Able to exercise independent thought and judgment, adapt to new tasks, and the ability to prioritize tasks in a multi-task environment
Schedule flexibility as we evolve to meet the growing demands of our customers (initial andor future shift assignment may include evenings and weekend hours)

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan.
US Zone 1: 24.65 - 29 per hourUS Zone 2: 24.65 - 29 per hourUS Zone 3: 23.80 - 28 per hourBase pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.