Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The CPE team is responsible for building out and supporting endpoint management tools for internal employees across our supported platforms.
The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of Corporate networking and be able to architect, implement, and maintain diverse corporate network infrastructure. Additionally, the candidate will also have experience with network automation tools and programming languages such as Python, Ansible, and Terraform.
What youll do

Work with cross collaborative teams to expand upon, and maintain the security and stability of our endpoint management infrastructure with a primary focus on VPN, network monitoring and device telemetry.
Build automation to support networking infrastructure and VPN tooling.
Act as a point of escalation for other Corporate Engineering teams and assist in triaging issues related to CPE tooling.
Monitor network performance and proactively identify potential issues and participate in on-call rotation
Leads in the design and building of new tools based on internal requirements and specifications.
Perform code reviews, write documentation and drive engineering standard methodologies.

What you bring 

5 years of experience working in network engineering or a related field
Experience with routing and switching protocols including OSPF, BGP, MPLS, VLAN, and VPN
Proven understanding of network security and standard methodologies.
Experience with automation and scripting tools such as Ansible, Python, Terraform
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills along with excellent communication and partnership skills
Experience with cloud infrastructure and automation solutions such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform

What we offer

Market driven and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 132000 - 155000US Zone 2: 116000 - 136000US Zone 3: 103000 - 121000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.