Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
We are looking for an experienced and innovative attorney to be responsible for a range of legal matters arising from Robinhoods marketing and communications initiatives and programs. You will work closely and collaboratively with Robinhoods marketing and communications organizations. This is an exciting opportunity for a highly adaptable and collaborative team player to join a growing company and contribute to Robinhoods mission to democratize finance for all.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Work collaboratively with marketing and communications teams in support of initiatives and campaigns, including reviewing claims and collateral
Conduct legal reviews of marketing communications, in particular business and product marketing communications to ensure compliance with relevant laws and regulations, including those related to consumer protection, advertising standards, including FTC, FINRA and SEC marketing regulations. 
Identify legal risks associated with our marketing efforts and provide pragmatic advice to help our marketing and communications teams manage legal requirements while achieving their business goals
Work cross functionally across the enterprise with stakeholders in marketing, compliance, product, business operations and other subject matter experts as well as executive leadership. 
Train clients and colleagues on legal and regulatory issues related to marketing and communications and changes in the regulatory landscape.
Serve as a subject matter expert within the company for advertisingmarketing law issues, and staying up-to-date on marketing-related and communications-related legal issues including recent enforcement actions.  
Advise on marketing and communications strategy

What you bring 

J.D. degree from an ABA accredited law school (or foreign equivalent)
Membership in at least 1 U.S. State Bar, with good standing
4 years of legal practice, including support of marketing and communications initiatives and programs, ideally with both a law firm and as in-house counsel within a fast-paced financial services, fintech andor payments company
The ability to provide clear, concise legal advice, work effectively cross-functionally to drive to results
Extraordinary interpersonal and communication skills; phenomenal ability to communicate information effectively internally and externally, including to non-legal audiences, and to drive cross-functional alignment and action
Execution-oriented mindset with the humility, drive, and scrappiness to get things done
Experience with publicly traded companies and advising PR and communications teams regarding relevant issueslawsregulations
Deep background in the financial services, fintech or payments industry
Knowledge of online marketing channels, social media platforms and recent trends.

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 179000 - 210000US Zone 2: 157000 - 185000US Zone 3: 139000 - 164000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.