Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
Robinhood is looking for a Leader to oversee the Creative Production function that supports our Creative, Marketing, and Product teams. As the Senior Manager of Creative Production, your duties will include overseeing all aspects of Creative Production and Creative Operations, as well as leading a team of exceptional creative producers in developing campaigns for all of Robinhoods products and Brand Marketing initiatives.
This is a highly strategic role, owning the partnership with Marketing  Creative teams working directly with our leaders. The ideal candidate has proven experience managing and mentoring a growing team, leading large-scale production for integrated campaigns, and a deep passion and expertise in creative operations. 
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do 

Oversee, mentor, and coach a team of Creative Producers. Maintain and enhance a culture of performance, delivery and continuous improvement.
Oversee the successful execution of all creative campaigns across product and marketing
Develop and maintain master creative production schedule, roadmap and budgets.
Define overall staffing requirements and balance workload to optimize the effectiveness of the team.
Partner with department leaders to establish creative and production standards, define working models with marketing, and help scale the creative production discipline and practice. 
Partner closely with Creative and Marketing leadership to drive alignment and desicion making
Drive operational improvements to reduce cost and increase overall impact of creative production campaigns.
Develop measurements to define progress and ultimate success; establish ongoing reporting requirements and key performance indicators for planning and recognizing adoption and success.

What you bring

Experience leading creative production teams in both a product and brand environment
Portfolio of previous work, that demonstrates an ability to lead complex campaigns across different channels and mediums
A strong operator, able to drive a clear production vision and bring along executive leadership, while still supporting your team
Ability to anticipate leadership and organizational needs and changes and course correct appropriately
Strong creative and design sensibility
Ability to analyze a business process, articulate, and implement recommended improvements
Experience working both in-house and at agencies a plus

Bonus Points
Positive team member that believes in our mission!
 
The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 187000 - 220000US Zone 2: 165000 - 194000US Zone 3: 146000 - 172000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.