Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
This role is eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the U.S. Check with your recruiter for more information.
The Senior Finance Business Systems Analyst will be the strategic partner working with key finance and business stakeholders, process owners and technology partners to drive finance systems and process transformation that help re-imagine the way the organization manages its financial functions. This role will address specific functional issues  requirements that support the Finance teams need to record and report timely and accurately.  This includes evaluating business objectives and needs, current operational procedures and financial systems used to formulate and successfully execute the roadmap for Finance into the future. 
The ideal candidate must have a strong accountingtaxfinance and project management background. Have extensive experience in Oracle Cloud and will operate as a subject matter expert for other financial systems. This candidate should be familiar with current best practices and new technological trends to be able to work with various teams to streamline existing processes. The candidate should have proven history of building and maintaining excellent client service relationships, interact and partner with all levels of management to help drive collaborative business decisions, strong leadership experience to direct and mentor teams to meet goals, excellent communication skills, work in a fast-paced environment, and adaptable to business priority changes with ease.
What youll do

Serve as an Oracle SME for supporting business processes and develop strong relationships with the business process owners
Review, analyze  evaluate current business systems and user needs in order to develop, enhance, implement and maintain fully functional, integrated and operational business systems within Oracle and related systems, following IT standards
Work closely with finance partners to develop, establish and manage the project roadmap for the organization
Work closely with business users to determine business requirements, lead requirements gathering meetings, propose future enhancements, resolve queries around existing design or any issues.
Draft business requirements document (BRD), test scripts for user acceptance testing (UAT), perform UAT testing in certain scenarios, training materials for various transformation initiatives.
Collaborate with IT team and other cross functional systems teams during design and support implementation of business solutions. Provide regular status updates, highlighting risk and issues to PMO.
Work with Finance stakeholders and other cross-functional business partners ( engineering, product, FPA to name some) to support project assessments and new initiatives.
Cross functional team leadership, collaboration and mentoring to achieve common goals
In depth understanding of key business processes (Finance, Accounting  Tax) and their success metrics. 
Understand current business processes and propose areas of improvements and automation   

What you bring 

Minimum of 6 years relevant experience
Experience in using Oracle, Coupa, Anaplan or other finance systems
Experience and understanding of the full business cycle from record to report, procure to pay, order to cash, etc.
Experience in project management (PLC) and project documentation.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Strong prioritization skills with ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Self-motivated, driven individual who is comfortable working in a global, high-pressure and rapidly evolving business environment.
Ability to think strategically on critical business issues, and to simultaneously act tactically to execute against them.
BS degree in Accounting, Finance, Business Administration, IT, Computer Science, Data Science or equivalent practical experience within accounting, finance and general business processes

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more! 
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 145000 - 170000US Zone 2: 128000 - 150000US Zone 3: 113000 - 133000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.