Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The Robinhood Crypto Product Compliance team supports Product, Engineering and Product Operations (Product) in developing and deploying new and enhanced products and services compliantly. They serve as Products primary point of contact for compliance matters related to the firms business. This team is responsible for providing guidance, training, testing and supervisory support, acting as an escalation point, general policy and procedure updates and implementation, and acting in an advisory capacity to provide regulatory guidance on product-related matters, including review of product, marketing and advertising to support compliance with applicable requirements.
As a Senior Manager on the Compliance Product team, youll report to the Chief Compliance Officer of Robinhood Crypto, and be responsible for supporting new and enhanced product and service development, testing, deployment and retrospective review, working with Product, Risk and Legal to ensure offerings meet regulatory and firm policy requirements, and collaborating with business partners to ensure any updates or corrective actions are fully implemented.
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Work with Product teams and other cross-functional partners (e.g. Business, Legal, Compliance) in ideation, design, development, testing, and launching of crypto products
Act as the compliance subject matter expert advising on regulatory requirements and updates, Crypto business initiatives, and operational processes
Partner with Policy  Internal Control group, CX Compliance and other Risk  Compliance groups in developing, enhancing, implementing, and testing policies, procedures, and controls
Review product, communications, and marketing to address consumer protection related requirements
Provide real-time tactical and strategic answers to business partners compliance questions and critical issues
Train on Crypto regulations, policies, procedures, supportsales practices, and supervision
Support regulatory filings, exams, and inquiries

What you bring 

Passion for Robinhoods products and our mission to democratize finance for all
7 years of financial services experience and specifically 1 years within Crypto compliance
Prior experience in a compliance or legal role supporting crypto product development
Extensive knowledge of the Bitlicense, NYDFS regulations, and consumer protection regulations
Resourceful, autonomous, and adaptive in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment
Experience managing projects collaborating with technical and non-technical teams
Strong communication skills that build trusted relationships among relevant business partners

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 183000 - 215000US Zone 2: 161000 - 189000US Zone 3: 143000 - 168000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.