Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
As Robinhoods infrastructure engineering, we are on a mission to provide Robinhood product teams a world-class platform that enables rapid product development by making infrastructure invisible and highly available.
The mission of Software Platform, of which Container Orchestration is a part, is to accelerate developer velocity and increase system reliability by building the foundational software platforms and tools that power the rest of Robinhood engineering.
The Container Orchestration team at Robinhood is solely responsible for building a highly available, horizontally scalable, secure, best in the industry (for Robinhood scale) offering of Kubernetes-powered container provisioning APIs that seamlessly integrate with the rest of infrastructure and platform offerings from other teams. This teams primary focus is to proactively ensure scalability, reliability and availability of our Kubernetes distribution. This includes the deployment topology and configuration of the OSS components we build upon and all the extensions we build.
Container Orchestration is responsible for defining and implementing a cell based, multi-region architecture for Robinhoods platform and infrastructure services. This helps the platform services scale without adding additional complexity to our application developers. APIs and systems managed by this team are also responsible for transparent platform integrations (sidecars, daemonsets) that offer core capabilities (Auth, Security, DNS, Load Balancing, Storage) offered to the tenants (applications) making this an area of huge importance to the overall safety and reliability of Robinhood and its value to be a safety-first company.
What youll do 

Design large scale systems within the team, making the right tradeoffs for risk and long-term maintainability.
Proactively identify and drive optimizations and improvements to the infrastructure and systems.
Set up and drive technical directions of the project while mentor and up-level junior engineers in the team.
Lead organization-wide collaboration for the team.
Contribute to open source projects.

What you bring

Expert knowledge of Kubernetes control plane and data plane components.
Thorough understanding of the Kubernetes Platform and container lifecycle management.
Experience with Kubernetes multi-cluster challenges and Kubernetes networking (e.g. CNI deployment and troubleshooting).
Experience managing and debugging large scale infrastructure services in production.
Proven seasoned individual contributor with experience planning and leading end to end large projects with long-term impact on one or more systems or a team.
Have a passion for mentoring junior engineers and improving engineering craftsmanship.

Bonus points:

Open source contributions to Kubernetes and other related projects.
Prior experience scaling the Kubernetes platform at high-growth startups.
Experience designing and managing other distributed systems at scale.

 
What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 217000 - 255000US Zone 2: 190000 - 224000US Zone 3: 169000 - 199000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.