Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
Robinhoods legal team is looking for an Assistant General Counsel to join our growing Privacy and Data Protection legal team. This role reports directly to our Vice President and Chief Privacy Officer. We are looking for a highly adaptable and collaborative person who can handle ambiguity and rapidly shifting priorities with flexibility and patience. You will help lead our efforts to embed privacy principles in our strategic and tactical processes.This is an exciting opportunity to join a growing company and contribute to our mission to democratize finance for all.
What youll do

Maintain subject matter expertise in areas of privacy and data protection laws (including state and federal consumer protection and privacy laws, GDPR and other global privacy and data protection laws) and advise on their impact on Robinhoods businesses
Provide advice regarding Robinhoods systems and how best to make sure that the enterprise is in compliance
Assist product lawyers in evaluating the impact of privacy and data protection laws, regulatory guidance and enforcement actions, and other related guidelines on product features and support operations
Focus on marketing and adtech, which would include having a developed understanding of mobile apps, interest-based advertising and relevant privacy laws
Maintain expertise in Artificial Intelligence and machine learning in the privacy and fintech context
Maintain expertise in peer-to-peer payment flows and payment ecosystem technologies and their privacy and data security implications
Provide advice and be able to develop, implement and maintain data protection policies and procedures enterprise-wide
Build systems and processes to support scalable privacy program
Draft and oversee the development and management of Robinhoods data policies and practices standards
Develop and conduct general and role-specific privacy trainings
Collaborate closely with the Security and Engineering teams and create effective, cross functional relationships with multiple stakeholders across the enterprise

What you bring 

J.D. degree (or foreign equivalent) and membership in at least 1 U.S. state bar
5 years of legal practice experience specializing in privacy law
Experience with GDPR, CCPA and other privacy laws and regulations
Experience with consumer-facing technology andor financial services companies
Track record of developing practical solutions to novel problems
In-house legal experience
Exceptional project management skills

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 230000 - 270000US Zone 2: 202000 - 238000US Zone 3: 179000 - 211000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.