Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
As the newest member of Robinhoods Product Marketing team, youll play a key role in helping us build a world class Product Marketing function!
We are looking for customer-focused marketers who can develop go-to-market strategies that drive adoption and sustained growth for new and existing products. Youll develop the right value proposition, positioning, messaging, and channel strategy that resonate with customers, as well as manage post-launch marketing programs. Youll also work on our most innovative and important products alongside cross-functional teams from Product Management, Operations, Design, Engineering, Research, and more!
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Craft and refine our go-to-market strategies and positioning for Robinhoods core crypto products by collaborating with Marketing, Communications, Product, Data Science, and Partnerships teams
Lead go-to-market execution for product and feature launches and ongoing marketing campaigns
Partner with performance, lifecycle, and brand marketing teams to define and implement a strategic growth strategy that unlocks opportunities for one of the largest crypto exchanges in the US
Craft end-to-end marketing campaigns that build relevance and excitement for the Robinhood brand
Create differentiated narratives with messaging that continuously improves with user feedback, testing, and a deep understanding of our target audience
Drive market and competitive assessments with research and data teams by surfacing qualitative and quantitative customer insights to craft product strategies, ensure product-market fit, and shape the product roadmap
Track and analyze the impact of the work with our target customers in partnership with Product, Benchmarking, Legal, Compliance, and Policy teams
Understand the multiple players in the ecosystem (including consumers, policymakers, news media, government)
Be a strong customer champion, creative marketer, and problem solver

What you bring

4-5 years of professional work experience in a Product Marketing capacity
Ability to break down complex concepts so that theyre simple, clear, and human
Strong relationship-building capabilities and ability to work cross-functionally
Experience in tech (preferably fintech andor crypto) companies where customer insight is paramount
Data-driven approach to your work and decision-making
Qualitative analytical ability and familiarity with AB testing
Thrives in a fast-paced environment with a bias towards action
Experience working in or strong knowledge of the crypto industry and Web3 ecosystems

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more! 
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 136000 - 160000US Zone 2: 120000 - 141000US Zone 3: 106000 - 125000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.