Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
This role is eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the U.S. Check with your recruiter for more information.
Were looking for a Senior Account Payable Analyst to join our growing team. This position will be hands-on, managing operations, establishing new processes, and improving existing processes to drive efficiency. You will interact and coordinate with colleagues in Finance  Strategy, Tax and various other departments across the Company to ensure accurate and timely disbursement, proper accounting treatment and accurate financial results related to over 1B worth of payments.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Own and manage payment operations. Additionally, drive projects such as system implementation, international expansion and continuous process improvement;
Drive the monthly  quarterly book close process in accounts payable areas, which includes review of journal entries and balance sheet reconciliations and analysis;
Ad-hoc reporting and analysis;
Drive the automation of processes, streamline, and add transparency to Accounts Payable processes;
Support internal  external audit requirements related to specific areas of responsibility;
Review financial statement analysis and ensure meaningful explanations for fluctuations to assist management with business decisions;
Interface with the Accounting, Procurement, Treasury, and Legal teams on various initiatives;
Use your leadership skills, high energy, initiative and creativity to manage initiatives and projects , as well as to develop and motivate staff
Operate SOX controls, document internal control procedures, identify inefficienciesgaps and implement process improvements.

What you bring 

Bachelors degree in Accounting or Finance
5 years of total experience with escalating levels of responsibility, including people management
Understanding of GAAP standards
Strong analytical and organizational skills
Experience with system implementations
Experience with process improvement and proficiency with spreadsheets
Hands-on experience in the financial close process

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 102000 - 120000US Zone 2: 90000 - 106000US Zone 3: 80000 - 94000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.