Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
Robinhood is looking for a Communications manager to support our engineering organization. This role is a blend of internal communications, tech PR, and content development for multiple audiences. This person will partner with business leaders to own the engineering organizations communication strategy to ensure an engaged, informed, and aligned workforce. This is a complex organization with a diverse audience, including platform teams, business teams, and functional areas. You will drive engineerings editorial calendar and manage all internal communication content, events, and channels. This person will also manage content for external audiences across the blog, conferences, tech PR coverage, and more. The ideal candidate has excellent writing and editing skills, good business judgment, strong intuition, and experience managing strategic communications and employee engagement in a fast-moving environment.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Develop clear narratives and message maps across engineering, internal and external
Drive communication channels and content calendaring for the team, including new channels and events
Provide executive communications support and communications counsel, including speaker prep and coaching
Coordinate and manage organizational programs and events, including the organizations All Hands and Engineering Manager forums
Support, write, and edit communications content, leadership messages, and technical updates during complex, ambiguous, and fast-moving situations
Lead agency on tech PR efforts, including tech media coverage, awards, and conferences.
Mine for story ideas and produce content related to elevating Robinhoods tech brand across multiple internal and external audiences.
Develop a technical branding strategy to showcase and evangelize complex, fascinating and cutting edge engineering work and culture with the broader tech and fin tech industry.
Embed into the engineering org culture to better influence, communicate and articulate decisions and rationale to engineers.
Develop a strong pulse for engineering sentiment across all eng groups, and a clear understanding of how day to day work maps back to company priorities. 

What you bring

7 years of experience in communications, PR, employee experience, program management, or similar areas of expertise
Exceptional writing, editing, and presentation skills
Experience building relationships with diverse stakeholders and company leaders
Experience managing programs, events, and organizational changes
Experience in a tech-first company or engineering domain
Experience building robust communications programs and plans
Eagerness and aptitude to learn quickly and explain broad subject matter effectively
Expert use of information and collaboration apps such as Slack, Atlassian, Coda, Airtable, and more
Track record of cultivating community in work, school, or volunteer settings

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 140000 - 165000US Zone 2: 123000 - 145000US Zone 3: 110000 - 129000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.