Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role
The preferred location for this position is in or around Robinhoods offices in Seattle, WA, Menlo Park, CA, or New York City with in-office work capabilities, as may be required by management, but remote work in limited geographies within the U.S. may be considered. Check with your recruiter for more information.
The Storage Team is responsible for some of the most critical database and caching systems at Robinhood.
This is a Staff engineering role within Robinhood. The Storage Infra Staff SWE will own everything related to PostgreSQL, AWS DynamoDB and Memcached. We are building out our own storage solutions for Robinhood for the long term and you can have a direct impact in the shape of that technology!
Our workloads are transaction heavy and real time which presents a host of challenges. You will help scale our storage infrastructure to 100 million users and beyond. Few opportunities like this exist elsewhere. The level of impact and ownership can be understood by simply stating: we will not succeed in regards to our objectives without you.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What you bring
You welcome unique challenges and are more concerned with finding the right solutions that will last than you are looking for a quick fix. You are enamored with relational and NoSQL databases and have worked extensively with PostgreSQL, MySQL or Oracle at scale. You recognize that no solution can last forever. You are eager to disrupt traditional financial services and democratize finance for everyone.

10 years of experience working with Relational andor NoSQL Databases, supporting OLTP workloads
Deep understanding of database architecture. You are going to teach us things we never knew were possible
Experience with improving storage performance, resiliency and reliability with transaction heavy workloads
Ability to dive into database specifics as well as look at the broader architecture
Hands on experience building distributed systems, preferably large scale data storage systems
Cross-functional collaboration experience across adjacent infrastructure and product teams
Willingness to mentor high growth engineers

Bonus points:

Open source contributions to PostgreSQL, MySQL or similar products
Prior experience scaling databases at high growth startups
Experience with a wide variety of database technologies

Technologies we use:

PostgreSQL
AWS DynamoDB
Memcached
Redis
Kubernetes
GoLang
Python

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 217,000 - 255,000US Zone 2: 190,000 - 224,000US Zone 3: 169,000 - 199,000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.