Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
Join our data driven, fast moving marketing team as a Director of Growth Engagement  Lifecycle at Robinhood. In this role, you will lead strategic marketing initiatives that drive engagement, feature adoption, and growth for our Robinhood ecosystem of innovative investing products. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to create seamless member experiences and leverage data-driven insights to inform your strategies. If youre a creative, results-driven leader who thrives in a fast-paced environment, we want you to be part of our journey
It is preferred that this role is located in one of the office locations listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. This position is only eligible for remote work in limited geographies within the US where we do not have physical office locations. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Collaborate with product, data, and marketing teams to design, implement, measure, and iterate on lifecycle strategies that align with business goals.
Develop go-to-market strategies for product launches, features, and ongoing marketing campaigns.
Partner with cross-functional teams to ensure consistent and resonant messaging across channels.
Advocate for contextually relevant marketing that addresses the needs of consumers, policymakers, media, and other partners.
Lead customer-centric lifecycle programs, employing innovative solutions to drive cross sell, retention and improve engagement
Drive experimentation and innovation, continuously seeking opportunities for improvement.
Lead and mentor a team of growth marketers, fostering collaboration and development.

What you bring 

8 years of experience in marketing or related business function.
4 years of experience developing lifecycleCRM programs.
Proven success in cross-functional collaboration, working with Product and Analytics teams.
Strong analytical skills to interpret data and optimize campaign performance.
Expertise in customer segmentation, omnichannel strategies, and marketing automation.
Familiarity with marketing platforms, HTMLCSS, Looker, Amplitude, SQL, Adobe Creative Suite.
Experience working with machine learning models to drive and prioritized highly personalized customer communications
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more! 
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 230000 - 270000US Zone 2: 202000 - 238000US Zone 3: 179000 - 211000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.