Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
Robinhood is hiring an Associate Creative Director for our Creative team. As a key member of the Creative team, you will be involved with, and have responsibility for, all levels of the design process - from defining strategic project goals, to establishing conceptual and stylistic direction for work. Having a deep understanding of production processes is also required.
This person in this role should be highly creative, passionate about the industry, have strong communication skills, exhibit phenomenal attention to detail, easily build rapport with others and excel at managing and motivating team members.
This role is hands-on and would suit a creative who still enjoys daily design work. Youll work hand in hand with peers to develop, review, and guide art direction, copywriting, tone of voice, look and feel, motion graphics, illustrations, video, and more.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Works to provide clarity, communication, and leadership that moves creative work forward
Collaborate and present to agency partners, cross-functional leaders, and senior executives
Contribute to culture of creativity and provide functional, technical, and creative leadership
Guide and direct projects to ensure creative work is to the standard and completed before necessary deadlines

What you bring 

Strong narrative building skills and understands how to develop a brands voice
3-5 years of experience in a lead level in either a creative-focused agency or in-house at a leading brand
Past experience in crafting work in the mediums of social media, editorial, conceptual campaigns, photography, video, and product launches
A strong knowledge of the fundamentals -- interaction design, brand development, digital marketing, and the creative process

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 170000 - 200000US Zone 2: 150000 - 176000US Zone 3: 133000 - 156000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.