Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
The preferred location for this position is in or around Robinhoods offices in Menlo Park, CA or New York, NY with in-office work capabilities, as may be required by management, but remote work in limited geographies within the U.S. may be considered. Check with your recruiter for more information.
Robinhood Markets (RHM) is the parent company of various lines of business, including Brokerage, Crypto, and Cash services. We are looking for a Risk Governance Manager to join Risk  Audit at Robinhood. You will be charged with executing on the companys comprehensive risk management governance and reporting framework, helping the organization identify risks arising from internal processes, people, and systems. This position requires a knowledgeable risk management professional with experience in brokerage and clearing operations, technology and information security, counterparty and third-party risks in a financial services institution.
As a key member of the Risk  Audit team, you will partner closely with the leaders and risk managers of each business unit (or subsidiary) to map and assess the operational activities, risks, controls, and issues within the business. The successful candidate is a highly motivated, collaborative, and analytical self-starter with the ability to build and scale risk governance programs across the enterprise to support Robinhoods growth.
What youll do

Play a leadership role in enhancing Robinhoods risk management governance program, including: establishing processes such as risk identification, assessment, monitoring, and reporting practices. 
Partner with functions such as Brokerage, Crypto and Cash payments operations, finance,  to develop and rollout enterprise level risk standards. 
Conduct risk governance activities such as assisting with risk and controls assessments, oversight of risk registers, issues tracking, corrective action plans, and leadership reporting.
Build partnerships with other organizational lines of defense (i.e. Operations, Customer Experience, Finance, Compliance, etc).
Participate in ad hoc projects and initiatives that enhance the risk and control environment.
Gain product knowledge of Robinhood products, processes, and systems. Stay abreast of current industry standards.

What you bring 

Passion for Robinhoods products and our mission to democratize access to global financial systems
Masters degree or certification in a relevant field such as Business, operations, and risk management
Risk management, regulatory and compliance experience in brokerage, crypto currency, trading, and money servicespayments
6-8 years of broker-dealer experience with risk management programs andor compliance roles
Ability to implement programs at scale with a bias to action. Ability to learn quickly and complete projects.
Strong collaborative and organizational skills with ability to partner across functional teams and connect with technical and non-technical users
Strong analytical abilities to simplify sophisticated problems and automate reporting and analysis, all while maintaining strong attention to detail
Excellent verbal and communication skills
FINRA Series 7, 24

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more! 
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.
US Zone 1: 140000 - 165000US Zone 2: 123000 - 145000US Zone 3: 110000 - 129000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.