Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
As a Product Manager at Robinhood, youll be responsible for leading teams to develop products that improve the everyday lives of our customers. Youll work with experts in data, design, engineering, marketing, operations and research to bring ideas to life that will help us democratize our financial system.
The Trading Platform team is responsible for some of Robinhoods most innovative features such as fractionalnotional orders and the 24 Hour Market for select equities. Trading Platform scope encompasses all the systems that support trading - routing, reporting, order and execution management, fractional and notional trading, and performance monitoring and management. As a Trading Platform Product Manager, youll be responsible for the systems that fulfill our customers core needs.
The majority of new features for Robinhoods brokerage offering depend on enhancements to Robinhoods Trading Platform. As Trading Platform PM, you will work closely with PMs from across the organization. You will help shape Trading Platforms priorities and roadmap, in support of the overall Brokerage strategy. You will work very closely with partners in engineering, data science, trading, and execution management, to deliver, scale, and maintain our critical trading systems.
You and your cross-functional team will be responsible for optimizing our existing trading and expanding into new asset classes, geographies, while increasing access to trading for all customers.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Lead a product team across engineering, data science, trading, execution services, design and research focused on optimizing and expanding our trading services.
Establish a product vision and shared set of priorities across the team and the brokerage to optimize and expand our trading capabilities.
Deliver efficient, flexible, expert friendly interfaces that help trading, engineering, and execution services operate all trading sessions, troubleshoot problems, and assist customers with all aspects of trading.
Work cross-functionally to ship high-impact features that increase efficiency and improve customers experience.

What you bring 

Bachelors or Masters Degree
4 years of direct product management experience building high-quality platform products
5 years of experience in brokerage, market-making, or institutional trading
Familiarity using research, experimentation and product analytics to connect platform decision making with customer experience
Ability to focus on a problem at hand while thoughtfully considering overarching company strategy
Openness to all solutions and ability to build conviction in a solution based on evidence
Passion for financial products and improving peoples financial lives

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 166000 - 195000US Zone 2: 146000 - 172000US Zone 3: 129000 - 152000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.