Join a leading fintech company thats democratizing finance for all.
Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.
As we continue to build... 
Were seeking curious, growth minded thinkers to help shape our vision, structures and systems; playing a key-role as we launch into our ambitious future. If youre invigorated by our mission, values, and drive to change the world — wed love to have you apply.About the team  role 
Learning and Developments mission is to ensure employees are well equipped and knowledgeable by building role-specific skills to run a highly effective business. We create programming for strong skill development, provide accurate and easily accessible reference information and process documentation for the business to have what they need to be confident, competent, and excited about delivering an exceptional customer experience.
As a Senior Instructional Designer, you will be responsible for the design and delivery of learning and development programs that build world-class experiences for our customers. Specifically, you will be accountable for creating training and educational programs related to skills training, new hire onboarding, product launches, and new process or policy implementations, among other areas for our associates and registered representatives using a variety of instructional methods.
You will also be responsible for strategizing and developing new learning methodologies to meet our learner needs, project managing large-scale projects and lead team initiatives. The ideal candidate will provide resolutions to a diverse range of complex business problems and will assess curriculum improvement opportunities, revise training collateral and make recommendations as necessary.
The role is located in the office location(s) listed on this job description which will align with our in-office working environment. Please connect with your recruiter for more information regarding our in-office philosophy and expectations.
What youll do

Research and implement new and emerging technologiesprocesses to evolve the LD offerings, creating marketable solutions specific to Robinhoods learner population
Evolve LD course design philosophy, tools, and processes to match the rapid development cycle and apply more of an agile approach to training design
Own the portfolio of course projects from inception and design phase to production and release following our ADDIE and end-to-end processes
Lead training effortsplans for new education product launches
Create engaging learning activities and compelling course content that enhance knowledge and skills
Work with subject matter experts and identify target audiences training needs, conducting instructional research and analysis on learners and contexts
Apply tested instructional design theories, practice and methods with supporting materialmedia (audio, video, simulations, role-plays, games, etc.)
Manage Learning Management System (LMS) related processes and reporting
Measure courseware efficacy and impact of learning solutions
Coach, mentor, and develop employees in design standard methodologies, communication, and project management

What you bring 

5 years of success in a Learning  Development role with experience in training design, development and delivery
Highly collaborative with a can do attitude and the ability to manage multiple projects
Strong instructional design background with extensive experience conceptualizing, creating, and delivering trainings
Demonstrated ability to coach and develop instructional designers
Excellent critical thinking, problem-solving, and sound judgment
Extensive experience with instructional systems design models and methodologies, authoring tools, and learning management systems integration
Strong background in project management

What we offer

Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure
100 paid health insurance for employees with 90 coverage for dependents
Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more!
Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits
Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents
Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more!
Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits

The expected salary range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. This role is also eligible to participate in a Robinhood bonus plan and Robinhoods equity plan.US Zone 1: 115000 - 135000US Zone 2: 101000 - 119000US Zone 3: 89000 - 105000Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. You can view comp zones for our US office locations in the table below. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process.
Office locations (by comp zone)US Zone 1: Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.US Zone 2: Denver, CO; Westlake (Dallas), TX; Chicago, IL US Zone 3: Lake Mary, FL
Click here to learn more about Robinhoods Benefits.

Robinhood promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are, the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone. Additionally, Robinhood provides reasonable accommodations for candidates on request and respects applicants privacy rights. To review Robinhoods Privacy Policy please visit Robinhood - US Applicant Privacy Policy. If you are an applicant located in the UK or EEA, please visit the Robinhood - UKEEA Applicant Privacy Policy.