Since its inception in 2014, Roivant Sciences has sought to improve health by rapidly delivering innovative medicines and technologies to patients. Weve employed a unique, decentralized model of nimble, focused companies (Vants) focused on various therapeutic areas and built around the pursuit of innovation in drug development and technology.
Our model is different. Five new medicines have been approved off the Roivant platform; weve built five biotechs that have become public; weve created well over 1b in value in Roivant Health in just four and a half years.  Our successes have ranged from computational drug discovery to tokenized healthcare data exchange, and from novel topicals for dermatological conditions to ultrarare tissue therapies.
Roivant Health is Roivants platform for the creation of new technology Vants, focused on delivering improvements to human health outside of our traditional biotech platform.  In 4.5 years since inception, weve created three enduring companies and over 1B in enterprise value, including the leading deidentified healthcare data exchange platform (Datavant) and a top-tier computational drug discovery company (VantAI) which has partnered with SK Holdings, Johnson  Johnson, and Boehringer Ingelheim. Our goal is to improve human health by rapidly discovering, developing and delivering innovative medicines and technologies to all patients. Our success is predicated on attracting and retaining top talent, generating new ideas and promoting an open and collaborative culture.
We embrace diversity across all dimensions and levels of the organization and we strive to ensure every employee is supported in reaching their full potential. We hire motivated people with diverse backgrounds, identities, experiences and skillsets. We are committed to fostering an inclusive culture where all employees feel valued, respected and empowered to create value for patients.
Position Summary
Roivant is looking to hire a Principal who will focus on incubating new healthcare technology Vants, and will be responsible for end-to-end leadership of one or more categories of potential incubation opportunities. She will also drive MA, responsible for end-to-end leadership of one or more categories of potential MA opportunities.
We are deep believers in rapidly advancing the careers of our top performers. We can flexibly adjust the above portfolios to include a mix of incubation and MA opportunities for the right candidate, or to adjust subject matter to bring us the highest likelihood of success. Our general philosophy does not require rigid job descriptions. Ideal fits with the Roivant culture show both high ambition and comfort with ambiguity, understanding that careful embrace of risk is a prerequisite to achieving meaningful outcomes for patients and investors.
Responsibilities
Vant Incubation:

Participating in team-wide ideation processes and helping to map fitness of ideas to a variety of qualifying factors, including time to market, sources of Roivant advantage, validation path, market size, etc.
Leading structured evaluation of ideas, developing and executing workplans that de-risk ideation ideas by appropriately ordered and costed evaluation of markets, competitors, product space, and other key factors
Driving the initial stages of company building, including early business development, alpha development, and verification of demand
Recruiting the CEO and other key leaders of the incubated company
Overseeing the success of the incubated opportunities post-CEO through board positions  oversight
As relevant, leading and supporting the process of externally financing new Vants created by you or others

MA:

Developing theses for those opportunities and leading structured market mapping processes to identify potential partners
Market analysis and competitive benchmarking to understand at a deep level the underlying product and distribution challenges
Structuring phased outreach and due diligence processes to generate validated opportunities to present to the Roivant leadership team
Leading the sourcing, evaluation, negotiation, and closing those opportunities for Roivant andor existing Roivant Health subsidiaries.
Overseeing the success of the MA opportunities post-close through board positions  oversight
As relevant, leading and supporting the process of externally financing new or existing Vants created (or augmented) through these MA opportunities

Skills, Qualifications, and Requirements

Outstanding educational background
Desire to operate in a highly entrepreneurial environment with substantial opportunity and uncertainty
Ability to wear multiple hats in a fast-paced or early-stage environment
Comfort with responsibility in a high-velocity, high-accountability environment
Experience in building, as a principal or participant, new ventures or organizations, preferably with a desire to do so in the field of healthcare or related technology, or experience in investing in the same
Specialized knowledge set in one or more of the following areas:

Healthcare technology
Medicine andor life sciences
Data science, advanced statistical techniques (ML, etc.), or broader technology
Finance and corporate transactions



Base salary for this role will be determined during the interview process and will vary based on multiple factors, including but not limited to prior experience, relevant expertise, current business needs, and market conditions.  The expected base salary for the role will generally be between 130,000 - 220,000 per year at the commencement of employment, but the final salary offered may be outside this range based on individual circumstances and business and market conditions. 
Base salary if hired is only part of the total compensation package, which, depending on the position, may also include other components such as discretionary bonuses, equity, and Company-sponsored benefit programs.
This position is at-will and Roivant reserves the right to modify base salary (as well as any other discretionary payment or compensation program) at any time, including for reasons related to individual performance and business and market conditions.
Roivant Sciences provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
We will not accept unsolicited resumes nor outreach from agencies. Please do not send agency resumes to our website or Roivant Sciences and affiliated employees. Thanks!