Roivants mission is to systematically reduce the time, cost, and risk of delivering new medicines to market by accelerating the development of promising drug candidates to improve the lives of patients and their families. Since its inception in 2014 Roivant has achieved the following critical milestones in support of its vision: built over 20 portfolio companies (Vants); 5 successful IPOs; 3B partnership with global pharma; pipeline of over 40 assets across various modalities and therapeutic areas; 10 successful phase 3 readouts since 2019; launched VTAMA, (tapinarof) cream, 1, for the topical treatment of plaque psoriasis in adults.  Building upon this track record of establishing a robust pipeline through in-licensing and acquisition of novel assets and technology platforms, Roivant is currently building new capabilities in drug discovery and expanding upon existing development disciplines to become the leading tech-enabled pharmaceutical company.
To learn more about our story and company culture, please visit us at https:roivant.com
Position Summary
Roivant is seeking a highly skilled and experienced Director of small molecule Drug Substance Development. SHe will play a pivotal role in ensuring quality, integrity, and regulatory compliance during drug substance development.  This role is responsible for directing technical aspects of drug substance route scouting, process development and manufacturing activities at Roivants contract development and manufacturing vendors including preclinical drug substance development, process transfer, scale-up, registration batch manufacture, validation, launch, on-going manufacturing support and process improvements. 
Additional responsibilities include due diligence to support in-licensing, vendor selection and vendor management.
The role reports to the Vice President  Head of CMC, Small Molecule Development and involves close collaboration with cross-functional teams, including formulation development, analytical development, project management, regulatory affairs, quality, and external partners.
Responsibilities

Provides direction for all aspects (route scouting, technology transfer, manufacturing, stability, scale-up, validation, launch and on-going commercial support) of development, manufacture and testing of drug substance at global vendors.
Contribute knowledge and strategy for all aspects of drug substance development including synthesis development, technology transfer, manufacturing, and testing.
Designs process optimization activities to ensure API processes are robust, cost-effective and fit for purpose.
Directs Quality by Design (QBD) experiments for drug substance development.
Ensure adherence to project timelines and budgets.
Interfaces with and provides onsite direction and management of the companys vendors to ensure bulk drug substance operations are maintained in compliance with stage appropriate cGMP requirements at all times.
Reviews and provides oversight of all documentation related to the production of drug substances including, but not limited to development, scale-up and validation protocolsreports batch records, deviations, process excursions, SOPs, etc. in conjunction with the vendor and other groups adjudicate deviations, excursions, etc.
Ability to lead or conduct investigations, root cause analysis and implement proposed corrective actions at CROCMO.
Provide appropriate drug substance expertise to support Business Development group for the scientific evaluation of drug candidates during in-licensing opportunities.

Skills, Qualifications, and Requirements

MSPhD in Organic Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Pharmaceutical Sciences or related field with 10 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry working in developmentpilot plantcommercial manufacturing operations for pharmaceutical APIs (drug substances).
Superior communication skills (both written and oral) are essential.
Experience working in a multi-cultural environment is necessary with a demonstrated ability to contribute successfully in a multi-disciplinary team environment.
Must have demonstrated experience in managing and influencing diverse project activities with third party manufacturing facilities at different geographical locations.
Strong project management experience with cross-functional team leadership and participation skills.
Demonstrated scientific knowledge and abilities relevant to development and manufacture of APIs (drug substances) as well as the drug development process.
Requires expert understandings of technology transfer; cGMPs, FDA, EU, ICH guidelines; as well as CMC content of regulatory submissions.
Strong understanding and working knowledge of cGMPs for pharmaceutical development and commercial operations.
Demonstrated alignment with Roivants values and culture.
Self-starter who is capable of working independently.
Task oriented and able to prioritize multiple objectives.

Roivant Sciences provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
We will not accept unsolicited resumes nor outreach from agencies. Please do not send agency resumes to our website or Roivant Sciences and affiliated employees. Thanks!