Job Title: Outbound Sales Development Representative 
Location: Atlanta, Georgia
THE OPPORTUNITY:
Although were proud of our history, were even more excited about the future.  We want to create a world-class culture and company that attracts, develops, engages and retains the nations elite talent.  
At Salesloft, our Outbound Sales Development Representatives are pivotal to our companys success.  You will be a key member of our fast-growing and high-performing sales team and will be our boots-on-the-ground solution to building personal relationships and making our prospective customers successful.  Specifically, you will leverage your past cold calling andor lead generation experience to communicate with potential clients via phone, emails, and Linkedin to develop an interest in Saleslofts software. We believe that the most successful sellers have a passionate and supportive team behind them.
In addition to working with amazing colleagues who exemplify our team over self core value, you will also have the opportunity to sell an impactful and revolutionary software that is changing the way sellers sell.  You will have an opportunity to make a difference.
WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR:
We are seeking a results-oriented, motivated and strategic hunter who is laser-focused on building sales pipeline within the North American market.  On a day-to-day basis, you will be responsible for cold-calling prospects and educating the market about the power of Salesloft and generating opportunities with net-new customers.  You will become an expert at using lead generation tools to routinely extract contacts and craft accurate and targeted lists of prospects. You will be able to conduct business development best practices with email, phone, and social drips using Salesloft Cadence to connect with new prospects.
If youre passionate about sales technology, providing a world-class customer experience, and thrive in a fast-paced, hyper-growth startup environment, then becoming an Outbound Sales Development Representative is the career path for you!
THE TEAM:
Our Saleslofts Business Development team is comprised of seasoned and up-and-coming Business Development Representatives who are all aligned on one mission: to redefine the Sales Engagement space and activate the authentic seller in all of us.
The Business Development team consists of results-oriented sales professionals with a strong hunter mentality and a desire to win. The BDRs on our team share a few common traits: they are self-motivated, ambitious, and passionate about evangelizing Salesloft in the North American market. They are also the epitome of our core values - Customers First. Team Over Self. Focus on Results. Bias Towards Action. Glass Half Full.
THE SKILL SET:

6 months of relevant sales experience required; internship experience will be considered
Previous cold calling experience required
Collaborative mentality by prioritizing we and not focusing on me
Results driven  competitive nature
Superb writing, communication, and listening skills; you must understand objections and defeat them by turning skeptics into ecstatic new customers
Outstanding time management skills
High level of empathy - its important for our BDRs to be a good person to peers and prospects
Proven ability to make strong connections and overcome rejection to achieve results
Desire to move up the ranks and become an Account Executive in the future required

WITHIN ONE MONTH, YOULL:

Attend Saleslofts New Hire Orientation, where you will learn our Salesloft story and understand what makes our Lofters unique
Join our 3-week Sales Bootcamp, where you will learn our software and all the skills necessary to set you up for success, allowing you to make an impact in the market quickly
Begin 1:1s with your manager, understand your 30-60-90 plan, meet  shadow current members of the Salesloft team, and delve into your territory
Set your OKRs (Objectives and Key Results) with your manager and develop an action plan to achieve them
Begin to cold call and understand how to utilize your knowledge to overcome objections

WITHIN THREE MONTHS, YOULL:

Have a strong understanding of Salesloft and feel comfortable pitching our software to prospects from self-sourced efforts
Meet regularly with your assigned Account Executives, Manager, and peers to become an expert on the product, talk track and prospecting
Continue your education around Saleslofts competitive advantage and continue to strengthen your business acumen
Consistently achieve your activity goals
Become an expert on internal tools and processes

WITHIN SIX MONTHS, YOULL:

Consistently meet or exceed your quota
Complete your Lessonly training to ensure you are up-to-date on new releases and more
Continue to focus on your OKRs
Assist in the development of best practices for lead generation

WITHIN TWELVE MONTHS, YOULL:

Be seen as a trusted business-advisor and Salesloft expert, making a significant impact on the Lead Generation team
Be considered a top-performing BDR on the team by consistently exceeding your goals
Work with sales and marketing to help create new campaigns to drive pipeline
Set an example for new BDRs, and assist in training, onboarding and motivating new Lofters

WHY YOULL LOVE SALESLOFT:
At Salesloft, were not just a company, were a community built on shared values. 
We put our customers first, prioritize our team over ourselves, focus on results, have a bias toward taking action, and choose to see the glass as half full. These values have been at the heart of our growth in becoming the 1 leader in sales engagement software, and were still just getting started.
Salesloft helps sales teams drive more revenue with the only complete Sales Engagement platform available in the market. Salesloft is the one place for sellers and managers to go to execute all their digital selling tasks, communicate with buyers, understand what to do next, forecast with accuracy, and get the coaching and insights they need to win more deals. Thousands of the worlds most successful sales teams, like those at Google, 3M, IBM, Shopify, Square, and Cisco, drive more revenue with Salesloft.
Since our founding in 2011, we have grown into a global, award-winning organization with Lofters based all over the world. As a testament to our organizational health, we have been named by Forbes as one of Americas Best Startup Employers in 2021, Atlanta Business Chronicles 2022 Healthiest Employers, three times by Deloitte as a Fastest-Growing Technology Company in North America, and have been recognized as a top workplace by Fortune, Glassdoor, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, and Inc Magazine. 
In addition to our stand-out organizational health, G2 recently ranked us 1 in Enterprise Sales Engagement and we were named a leader in the 2022 Forrester Wave for Sales Engagement. We received the highest possible score in 26 out of 30 criteria, more than any other vendor evaluated in our category. 
Were redefining an age-old industry. This is challenging work  but our team of driven innovators makes the journey thrilling. Were fast-paced, cutting-edge, and collaborative. We pursue excellence in everything we do and have a lot of fun along the way. Come join us!
Check us out on Glassdoor and see what people LOVE about working for Salesloft! 
IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? Keep an eye on our Careers Page for other positions!
WHY SHOULD YOU WORK AT SALESLOFT:

You will become part of an amazing culture with a supportive CEO and smart teammates who actually care
You will work with an amazing team you can learn from and teach
You will experience joining a high-growthhigh-trajectoryorganization
You will hear Yes, lets do that! and then have the opportunity to successfully execute on your ideas
You will build community with Lofters of many cultures and backgrounds through ERGs and DEI initiatives
We have a vibrant, open office that utilizes modern technology
You will grow more here than you would anywhere else, that is a promise

LI-HYBRID
 It is Saleslofts intent to pay all Lofters competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable.  The goal of Saleslofts compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees and encourage employees to stay with our organization.  
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, stock, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans. Salesloft embraces diversity and invites applications from people of all walks of life.  We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law. Base Pay Range45,000—45,000 USD