Job Title: Staff Software Architect
Location: Remote - US
THE OPPORTUNITY:
Although were proud of our history, were even more excited about the future. We want to create a world-class culture and company that attracts, develops, engages and retains elite talent.
At Salesloft, our Staff Software Architect will be pivotal to our companys success. You will be a key member of our high-performing Architecture Team working on new technologies in an environment that supports your technical and professional growth.. Our Engineering team serves as the backbone of Salesloft, creating innovative, reliable, and transformative software solutions that . We foster an atmosphere of openness, transparency, and ownership, empowering our engineers to take initiative and push boundaries, all while upholding our 5 core values.
In addition to working with amazing colleagues who exemplify our team over self core value, you will also have the opportunity to create an impactful and revolutionary software that is changing the way sellers sell.  You will have an opportunity to make a difference. 
 
WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR:
We are seeking individuals who can accomplish any task assigned with no additional direction, participates in cross-team planning and estimation, significantly influential in their team, fully understands the goals of the team and department and effectively influences to achieve them. Covers the Product Surfaces supported by their team and related areas. Demonstrates exceptional levels of ownership of the teams development efforts focusing on how the components within the teams surface area work together. The architect carries the vision for their surface area. The architect understands the underlying infrastructure of their surface area and takes ownership in the monitoring of the application. In the event of a incident involving the architect responsible for the affected product surface should take a lead role in addressing the issue. Architects are responsible for working with their teams to develop Feature Development Plans (FDP) and reviewing the plans submitted by other teams. Contributes to and executes off of the Architecture Backlog. A Software Architect is expected to focus 20 of their time on Architecture initiatives, the remaining 80 would be for team activities.
On a day-to-day basis, you will be responsible for contributing in planning and grooming sessions, coding, reviewing team members code, and providing ongoing support for the production product.
If youre passionate about sales technology, providing a world-class customer experience, and thrive in a fast-paced, hyper-growth startup environment, then becoming a Software Architect is the career path for you!
 
THE TEAM:
Our SalesLofts Engineering team is comprised of seasoned and up-and-coming Software Engineers and Architects who are all aligned on one mission: to redefine the Sales Engagement space and activate the authentic seller in all of us. 
The Engineering team consists of Full Stack engineers and Architects who work in all areas of the product, with the opportunity to develop in-depth expertise in an area of the platform. They are also the epitome of our core values - Customers First. Team Over Self. Focus on Results. Bias Towards Action. Glass Half Full.
They are also the epitome of our core values: Put Customers First. Team Over Self. Focus on Results. Bias Towards Action. Glass Half Full.
THE SKILL SET:

8 years of experience building large scale web applications
Experience with technologies like Ruby on Rails, Elixir, and Golang
Ability to work with React and Angular
Experience in an environment like AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, Postgres (Citus), ElasticSearch, and Kafka.

WITHIN ONE MONTH, YOULL:

Attend SalesLofts New Hire Orientation, where you will learn our SalesLoft story and understand what makes our Lofters unique 
Attend the half day introduction to Salesloft Engineering, where you will get a high level introduction to the architecture of the platform and learn the basic processes of the Engineering Team.
Begin 1:1s with your manager, understand your 30-6-90 plan, and be assigned to a development team.
Set your OKRs (Objectives and Key Results) with your manager and develop an action plan to achieve them
Regularly commit production code

WITHIN THREE MONTHS, YOULL:

Be very knowledgeable of your team(s) surface area.
Be able to take significant ownership for developing a new feature 
Understands the technical implications of the business requirements and work with your team(s) to develop Feature Development Plans (FDP).

WITHIN SIX MONTHS, YOULL:

Cover the product surfaces supported by two or more teams and demonstrate exceptional level of expertise in the systems that make up your coverage areas.
Be a major contributor to team planning and execution
Guide each teams development efforts focusing on how the components within the teams area work together. Work closely with those teams Software Architect on long term technical strategy.
Evaluate the tools and techniques that are best suited for any given project and provide recommendations to architecture leadership.
Be mentoring support engineers on engineering practices and coding standards
Achieve the results defined in your first set of OKRs 

 
WHY YOULL LOVE SALESLOFT:
At Salesloft, were not just a company, were a community built on shared values. 
We put our customers first, prioritize our team over ourselves, focus on results, have a bias toward taking action, and choose to see the glass as half full. These values have been at the heart of our growth in becoming the 1 leader in sales engagement software, and were still just getting started.
Salesloft helps sales teams drive more revenue with the only complete Sales Engagement platform available in the market. Salesloft is the one place for sellers and managers to go to execute all their digital selling tasks, communicate with buyers, understand what to do next, forecast with accuracy, and get the coaching and insights they need to win more deals. Thousands of the worlds most successful sales teams, like those at Google, 3M, IBM, Shopify, Square, and Cisco, drive more revenue with Salesloft.
Since our founding in 2011, we have grown into a global, award-winning organization with Lofters based all over the world. As a testament to our organizational health, we have been named by Forbes as one of Americas Best Startup Employers in 2021, Atlanta Business Chronicles 2022 Healthiest Employers, three times by Deloitte as a Fastest-Growing Technology Company in North America, and have been recognized as a top workplace by Fortune, Glassdoor, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, and Inc Magazine. 
In addition to our stand-out organizational health, G2 recently ranked us 1 in Enterprise Sales Engagement and we were named a leader in the 2022 Forrester Wave for Sales Engagement. We received the highest possible score in 26 out of 30 criteria, more than any other vendor evaluated in our category. 
Were redefining an age-old industry. This is challenging work  but our team of driven innovators makes the journey thrilling. Were fast-paced, cutting-edge, and collaborative. We pursue excellence in everything we do and have a lot of fun along the way. Come join us!
Check us out on Glassdoor and see what people LOVE about working for Salesloft! 
 
IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? Keep an eye on our Careers Page for other positions!
 
WHY SHOULD YOU WORK AT SALESLOFT:

You will become part of an amazing culture with a supportive CEO and smart teammates who actually care
You will work with an amazing team you can learn from and teach
You will experience joining a high-growthhigh-trajectory organization
You will hear Yes, lets do that! and then have the opportunity to successfully execute on your ideas
You will build community with Lofters of many cultures and backgrounds through ERGs and DEI initiatives
We have a vibrant, open office that utilizes modern technology
You will grow more here than you would anywhere else, that is a promise

 
Salesloft embraces diversity and invites applications from people of all walks of life. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law.It is Saleslofts intent to pay all Lofters competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable.  The goal of Saleslofts compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees and encourage employees to stay with our organization.  
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, stock, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans. Salesloft embraces diversity and invites applications from people of all walks of life.  We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law. Base Pay Range150,000—257,000 USD