Job Title: Director, Revenue EnablementLocation: Atlanta, GA
THE OPPORTUNITY:
While were proud of our history, were even more excited about the future. We aim to create a world-class culture and company that attracts, develops, engages, and retains elite talent.
At Salesloft, we are seeking to find our next great leader for our Director of Revenue Enablement. As the Director of Revenue Enablement, youll be at the helm of an exhilarating journey to drive growth and sales productivity, shaping the future of our dynamic organization. Your proven leadership in scaling enablement teams for top-tier SaaS companies will be pivotal, as you craft world-class programs that defy conventional norms and inspire engagement. Your exceptional people leadership skills will shine as you nurture and develop an elite team, while your strategic prowess will define the business requirements and enablement cycles that steer us toward our objectives. Youll measure, monitor, and report the impact of learning initiatives and lead a global team of enablement professionals, igniting their passion for excellence. Collaborating with international teams, influencing key business objectives, and driving innovation across enablement tools will be your daily adventure. Get ready to be the architect of our learning journey, the driving force behind our growth, and the champion of sales enablement excellence. Join us on this exciting path to success!
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Lead a global team of enablement professionals. Set clear goals for your team, provide motivation, and foster their professional development.
Drive the strategy and execution of global enablement programs to empower our teams in achieving revenue targets and objectives.
Manage a team of Revenue Enablement managers, spearheading talent strategy, building processes, and leveraging state-of-the-art technologies to enhance our enablement efforts.
Build and deliver World-Class Programs that deliver effective learning at scale.
Develop and Implement onboarding that delivers a strong shared foundation rooted in a  common language and deep understanding of what we do and who we do it for. 
Crafting the overall learning journey for customer-facing teams, from onboarding to advancement and promotion, is a key aspect of your role.
Cultivate a diverse and passionate global team, offering training and mentorship to support their growth.
Demonstrate Saleslofts core values by putting customers first, emphasizing teamwork, maintaining a positive outlook, taking action, and focusing on results.
Conduct regular one-on-one meetings with your team members and key partners.
Drive new initiatives and streamline day-to-day operations with the goal of building the industrys best Enablement team.
Establish your OKRs (Objectives and Key Results) in conjunction with your manager and develop actionable plans to achieve them.
Cultivate relationships with key partners in Sales, Product and Marketing.
Develop and execute sales strategies that contribute to monthly, quarterly, and annual growth, aligning with company targets.
Engage in team-building and company growth activities, participating in strategy development, sales training, marketing endeavors, and client care.
Cultivate and sustain in-depth knowledge of Saleslofts product, value proposition, competitors, and trends in the unified communications and collaboration industry.
Consistently support your team in achieving their activity goals.
Strategically plan for the development and growth of your team, identifying key talents and removing barriers to their success.

In addition to working with amazing colleagues who exemplify our team over self core value, you will also have the opportunity to develop and execute on a process-driven strategy to deliver repeatable scale across a global revenue organization. You will have an opportunity to make a difference.
WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR:
We are seeking a candidate for this role who embodies the values of Salesloft—someone who is exceptionally detail-oriented, supremely organized, and approaches their work with a genuine curiosity to delve deep into our products and processes. This individual should possess a strong desire to understand comprehensively what we do and how it works, bridging the technical aspects with the practical needs of our revenue-focused teams. The ideal candidate will have a background rich in either Sales or Product, bringing invaluable expertise to the table. They excel in translating complex technical information into easily digestible language, facilitating effective communication, and enabling our revenue roles to thrive in their functions.
If youre looking for an opportunity to learn more, do more, and become more, then leading Revenue Enablement might be a fit for you. 
THE TEAM:
Our Salesloft Revenue Enablement team is comprised of seasoned and up-and-coming Revenue Leaders who are all aligned on one vision and mission:
Vision: Every seller is loved by the buyers they serve (saleslove)Mission: Equip companies to maximize revenue by creating a fantastic buying experience
Our organization is a dynamic team of self-starters who have a combined experience between technical and revenue roles. We are known for our world-class delivery rooted in innovation. Renowned for our unwavering commitment to continuous improvement, we are relentless in our pursuit to learn and elevate what we share with those we serve. They are also the epitome of our core values: Put Customers First. Team Over Self. Focus on Results. Bias Towards Action. Glass Half Full.
THE SKILL SET:

We are looking for 15 years in Sales or Enablement with 5 years in a management role
You have successfully led Enablement for a top-tier SaaS company operating at scale, consistently delivering quantifiable impact on company revenue.
Have previous  expertise selecting and implementing Sales Enablement tooling, Sales Methodologies and key concepts of Instructional Design
You must embody people leadership skills have the ability to recruit and retain top tier talent and align those on your team with the missions of our business
Clear communication, professional and engaging presentation skills the ability to lead large revenue events and participate as a thought leader in outside webinars and client podiums
Ability to embrace change, focus on developing a foundation rooted in education with strategic vision for the future by way leverage innovative solutions

WITHIN ONE MONTH, YOULL:

Attend Saleslofts New Hire Orientation, where you will learn our Salesloft story and understand what makes our Lofters unique 
Join our 3-week Sales Bootcamp, where you will learn our software and all the skills necessary to set you up for success, allowing you to make an impact in the market quickly
Begin 1:1s with your manager, understand your 30-60-90 plan, meet  shadow current members of the Salesloft team, and delve into your territory 
Set your OKRs (Objectives and Key Results) with your manager and develop an action plan to achieve them
Meet key partners in Account Management, Finance, Marketing, Executives etc. - they will be key relationships for you in more intimately understanding the deal cycles
Become demo certified

WITHIN THREE MONTHS, YOULL:

Lead the next phase of build for Onboarding and Education in Revenue
Evaluate current Tech Stack
Develop strong relationships across Revenue leaders such as sales directors and sales managers
Align the team to the future strategic mission

WITHIN SIX MONTHS, YOULL:

Deliver your first major Revenue kickoff 
Recruit and hire for open roles 
Begin implementations of new technologies 
Scale the internal approach to Sales Certification

WITHIN TWELVE MONTHS, YOULL:

Be considered a pillar of the Revenue Organization 
Have built a team of leaders who are aligned to the Salesloft mission 
Develop a strategic roadmap for the future of Revenue Enablement 
Begin to build an external community of champions for the Salesloft platform

WHY YOULL LOVE SALESLOFT:
At Salesloft, were not just a company, were a community built on shared values. 
We put our customers first, prioritize our team over ourselves, focus on results, have a bias toward taking action, and choose to see the glass as half full. These values have been at the heart of our growth in becoming the 1 leader in sales engagement software, and were still just getting started.
Salesloft helps sales teams drive more revenue with the only complete Sales Engagement platform available in the market. Salesloft is the one place for sellers and managers to go to execute all their digital selling tasks, communicate with buyers, understand what to do next, forecast with accuracy, and get the coaching and insights they need to win more deals. Thousands of the worlds most successful sales teams, like those at Google, 3M, IBM, Shopify, Square, and Cisco, drive more revenue with Salesloft.
Since our founding in 2011, we have grown into a global, award-winning organization with Lofters based all over the world. As a testament to our organizational health, we have been named by Forbes as one of Americas Best Startup Employers in 2021, Atlanta Business Chronicles 2022 Healthiest Employers, three times by Deloitte as a Fastest-Growing Technology Company in North America, and have been recognized as a top workplace by Fortune, Glassdoor, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, and Inc Magazine. 
In addition to our stand-out organizational health, G2 recently ranked us 1 in Enterprise Sales Engagement and we were named a leader in the 2022 Forrester Wave for Sales Engagement. We received the highest possible score in 26 out of 30 criteria, more than any other vendor evaluated in our category. 
Were redefining an age-old industry. This is challenging work  but our team of driven innovators makes the journey thrilling. Were fast-paced, cutting-edge, and collaborative. We pursue excellence in everything we do and have a lot of fun along the way. Come join us!
Check us out on Glassdoor and see what people LOVE about working for Salesloft! 
IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? Keep an eye on our Careers Page for other positions!
WHY SHOULD YOU WORK AT SALESLOFT:

You will become part of an amazing culture with a supportive CEO and smart teammates who actually care
You will work with an amazing team you can learn from and teach
You will experience joining a high-growthhigh-trajectory organization
You will hear Yes, lets do that! and then have the opportunity to successfully execute on your ideas
You will build community with Lofters of many cultures and backgrounds through ERGs and DEI initiatives
We have a vibrant, open office that utilizes modern technology
You will grow more here than you would anywhere else, that is a promise

Salesloft embraces diversity and invites applications from people of all walks of life. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law.
LI-HYBRIDIt is Saleslofts intent to pay all Lofters competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable.  The goal of Saleslofts compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees and encourage employees to stay with our organization.  
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, stock, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans. Salesloft embraces diversity and invites applications from people of all walks of life.  We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law. Base Pay Range132,000—227,000 USD