Job Title: Senior Account Executive - Commercial
Location: London
THE OPPORTUNITY:
Although were proud of our history, were just as excited about the future.  We want to create a world-class culture and company that attracts, develops, engages and retains the nations elite talent.  
At Salesloft, our Account Executives are pivotal to our companys success.  You will be a key member of our fast-growing and high-performing sales team and will be our boots-on-the-ground solution to building personal relationships and making our prospective SMB and mid-market customers successful.  We believe that the most successful sellers have a passionate and supportive team behind them.
In addition to working with amazing colleagues who exemplify our team over self core value, you will also have the opportunity to sell an impactful and revolutionary software that is changing the way sellers sell.  You will have an opportunity to make a difference.  
WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR:
We are seeking a results-oriented, motivated and strategic hunter who is laser-focused on generating new greenfield business within the EMEA market. Specifically, you will play a pivotal role in helping us become the next anchor technology company in EMEA by winning high visibility deals and crushing your annual quota.
On a day-to-day basis, you will be responsible for educating the market about the power of Salesloft and generating opportunities with net-new customers.  You must be able to forecast sales activity and revenue achievement while creating satisfied and referenceable customers. To thrive in this role, you will keep up with industry trends, competitive landscape, and customer needs.
If youre passionate about sales technology, providing a world-class customer experience, and thrive in a fast-paced, hyper-growth startup environment, then becoming an Account Executive is the career path for you!
THE TEAM:
Our Saleslofts EMEA sales team is comprised of seasoned and up-and-coming sales professionals who are all aligned on one mission: to redefine the Sales Engagement space and activate the authentic seller in all of us.
The Account Executive team consists of results-oriented SaaS sales professionals with a strong hunter mentality and a desire to win.  The AEs on our team share a few common traits: they are self-motivated, ambitious, and passionate about evangelizing Salesloft in French speaking markets.  They are also the epitome of our core values - Customers First. Team Over Self. Focus on Results. Bias Towards Action. Glass Half Full.
THE SKILL SET:

4 years of proven hunting  closing experience in a SaaS environment
Experience establishing strategic C-level relationships
Ability to run a full sales lifecycle, start to finish, within the mid-market segment
Experience executing detailed product presentations and web demonstrations of our software capabilities to C-level executives, directors, and sales managers
Adept at identifying and utilizing internal resources (Sales Development, Sales Engineers, etc.) to build Salesloft brand awareness, assist in sales cycles, and close deals
Collaborative mentality by prioritizing we and not focusing on me
Superb listening skills; you must understand objections and defeat them by turning sceptics into ecstatic new customers
High level of empathy - its important for our SEs to be a good person to peers and prospects
Experience hunting in greenfield environments
Consistent overachievement of quota and revenue goals w a strong W2 track record
Proven ability to make strong connections and overcome rejection to achieve results
Demonstrated ability to conduct compelling on-site presentations and product demonstrations to C-Level executives

WITHIN ONE MONTH, YOULL:

Attend Saleslofts New Hire Orientation, where you will learn our Salesloft story and understand what makes our Lofters unique
Join our 3-week Sales Bootcamp, where you will learn our software and all the skills necessary to set you up for success, allowing you to make an impact in the market quickly
Begin 1:1s with your manager, understand your 30-60-90 plan, meet  shadow current members of the Salesloft team, and delve into your territory
Set your OKRs (Objectives and Key Results) with your manager and develop an action plan to achieve them
Meet key partners in Account Management, Finance, Marketing, Executives etc. - they will be key relationships for you throughout your deal cycle
Become demo certified

WITHIN THREE MONTHS, YOULL:

Be a product expert and feel comfortable demoing and closing your first deal
Hit the phones confidently with prospects from self-sourced and SDR generated efforts
Execute detailed product presentations and web demonstrations of our software capabilities to C-level executives, directors, and sales managers
Consistently achieve your activity goals

WITHIN SIX MONTHS, YOULL:

Consistently meet or exceed your quota
Complete your Lessonly training to ensure you are up-to-date on negotiation best practices, new releases and more
Continue to focus on your OKRs

WITHIN TWELVE MONTHS, YOULL:

Be considered a top-performing AE on the team by consistently exceeding your goals
Set an example for new AEs, and assist in training, onboarding and motivating new Lofters

WHY YOULL LOVE SALESLOFT:
At Salesloft, were not just a company, were a community built on shared values. 
We put our customers first, prioritize our team over ourselves, focus on results, have a bias toward taking action, and choose to see the glass as half full. These values have been at the heart of our growth in becoming the 1 leader in sales engagement software, and were still just getting started.
Salesloft helps sales teams drive more revenue with the only complete Sales Engagement platform available in the market. Salesloft is the one place for sellers and managers to go to execute all their digital selling tasks, communicate with buyers, understand what to do next, forecast with accuracy, and get the coaching and insights they need to win more deals. Thousands of the worlds most successful sales teams, like those at Google, 3M, IBM, Shopify, Square, and Cisco, drive more revenue with Salesloft.
Since our founding in 2011, we have grown into a global, award-winning organization with Lofters based all over the world. As a testament to our organizational health, we have been named by Forbes as one of Americas Best Startup Employers in 2021, Atlanta Business Chronicles 2022 Healthiest Employers, three times by Deloitte as a Fastest-Growing Technology Company in North America, and have been recognized as a top workplace by Fortune, Glassdoor, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, and Inc Magazine. 
In addition to our stand-out organizational health, G2 recently ranked us 1 in Enterprise Sales Engagement and we were named a leader in the 2022 Forrester Wave for Sales Engagement. We received the highest possible score in 26 out of 30 criteria, more than any other vendor evaluated in our category. 
Were redefining an age-old industry. This is challenging work  but our team of driven innovators makes the journey thrilling. Were fast-paced, cutting-edge, and collaborative. We pursue excellence in everything we do and have a lot of fun along the way. Come join us!
Check us out on Glassdoor and see what people LOVE about working for Salesloft! 
IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? Keep an eye on our Careers Page for other positions!
WHY SHOULD YOU WORK AT SALESLOFT:

You will become part of an amazing culture with a supportive CEO and smart teammates who actually care
You will work with an amazing team you can learn from and teach
You will experience joining a high-growthhigh-trajectory organization
You will hear Yes, lets do that! and then have the opportunity to successfully execute on your ideas
You will build community with Lofters of many cultures and backgrounds through ERGs and DEI initiatives
We have a vibrant, open office that utilizes modern technology
You will grow more here than you would anywhere else, that is a promise

Salesloft is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law.
LI-HYBRID