Job Title: Manager, Software Engineering
Location: Remote - Warsaw
 
THE OPPORTUNITY:
Although were proud of our history, were just as excited about the future.  We want to create a world-class culture and company that attracts, develops, engages and retains elite talent.  
At SalesLoft, our Senior Engineering Managers are pivotal to our companys success.  As a Senior Engineering Manager, you will be a key member of our fast-growing and high-performing Engineering team working on new technologies in an environment that supports your technical and professional growth.
In addition to working with amazing colleagues who exemplify our team over self core value, you will also have the opportunity to manage teams that create impactful and revolutionary software that is changing the way sellers sell.  You will have an opportunity to make a difference. 
WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR:
We are seeking an Engineering Manager who exemplify our cultural core values: put customers first, team over self, glass half full, focus on results, and bias towards action, and will lead teams of engineers in our long term goals of delivering the best product to customers in the market.  We believe in servant leadership.  We empower team members to do their best while holding them to a higher standard of growth, accomplishment, and results.  
As the first Engineering Manager for our new Polish site, youll be stepping into a unique and impactful role. Working closely with our new Site Lead, youll have the opportunity to lay the foundational stones for our engineering culture, but youll also take the lead in hiring a dedicated team, defining best practices, and crafting new processes. Additionally, your role will be instrumental in bolstering our brand awareness within the local market. With high growth opportunities tied to this position, youll be at the forefront of shaping the sites future and propelling our brand forward in Poland
In addition to your people management responsibilities, you will be asked to assist with customer escalations.  We have a strong customer first focus so we have aggressive internal service level agreements to respond to customers quickly.  We expect managers to help drive the urgency of customer issues and for severe issues, we look to managers to support the response team.
As a member of the management team, you will be asked to lead one or more department initiatives.  We are always looking for ways to improve ourselves as a management team and our department as a whole.  It is important that we create a supportive and collaborative environment where relationships matter more than being right.
You may also be asked to lead multiple development teams.  As part of that responsibility you are expected to drive a strong sense of accountability and ownership within the team as we grow and face new challenges. We look to you to execute on delivering value to customers by managing expectations, committing to timelines, and adjusting priorities in a cross-functional collaborative environment.
As a member of the Engineering Leadership group, you will be challenged to understand our platform ideals, goals, and definitions. You will then challenge your teams to share this vision of a scalable, reliable, and consistent platform. Enabling ownership and the application of platform patterns across teams within the organization.
 
THE TEAM:
Our SalesLofts Engineering team is comprised of seasoned and up-and-coming Software Engineers, QA Engineers, and Architects who are all aligned on one vision and  mission:

Vision: Every seller is loved by the buyers they serve (saleslove)
Mission: Equip companies to maximize revenue by creating a fantastic buying experience

The Engineering team consists of Full Stack engineers, QA Engineers, and Architects who work in all areas of the product, with the opportunity to develop in-depth expertise in an area of the platform. They are also the epitome of our core values - Customers First. Team Over Self. Focus on Results. Bias Towards Action. Glass Half Full.
THE SKILL SET:

2 years of Software Engineering Management (people leadership)
7 years working in the Software industry 
Experience working on scaling or mature B2B  consumer software (and familiarity with SaaS platforms) - you understand what it takes to build  maintain systems that work at scale
Strong understanding of APIs, governance and compliance, security and permissions, and localization
Experience developing people and teams, including performance management, career development, and coaching
Strong emotional intelligence, with the ability to build trust, navigate difficult conversations, and resolve conflict
Leverage your experience in building and maintaining highly scalable and reliable software systems to guide the teams to iteratively deliver quality software. 
Lead the team through complicated product and technical road maps, and partner with an Engineering Director to align on the strategy for your teams and support its execution. 

WITHIN ONE MONTH, YOULL:

Attend SalesLofts New Hire Orientation, where youll delve into our SalesLoft story and uncover what makes our Lofters unique.
Attend an Engineering Department orientation.
Begin 1:1s with your Director (the Site Lead), laying out the roadmap for establishing the new Polish site. This includes discussing the framework for hiring the inaugural team, setting up foundational team processes, and drafting the site charter.
Understand and start executing on your 30-60-90 plan, with an emphasis on initial site setup activities and brand awareness initiatives.

WITHIN THREE MONTHS, YOULL:

Review your 30-60-90 day plan, marking milestones achieved and mapping out next steps.
Kick off 1:1s with your newly onboarded team members, ensuring they align with the sites goals and culture.
Work with the Site Lead to establish and set the sites OKRs (Objectives and Key Results), leveraging them to develop an action plan.
Take active steps to enhance brand recognition in the local market, collaborating with marketing and branding teams.
Gather insights and make recommendations to streamline processes and improve communication channels.

WITHIN SIX MONTHS, YOULL:

Assume leadership of at least one delivery team, guiding them through project milestones.
Continuously refine and focus on achieving your OKRs, ensuring alignment with the broader site objectives.
Collaborate closely with the Site Lead to evaluate the sites performance, address challenges, and pivot strategies where necessary.

WHY YOULL LOVE SALESLOFT:
Put Customers First.  Team Over Self.  Focus on Results.  Bias Towards Action.  Glass Half Full. 
These are the values that define who we are and have empowered our staggering growth to become the 1 leader in sales engagement software.   
Salesloft helps brands deliver value and create trust by connecting authentically and meaningfully with their customers. Thousands of customers depend on Saleslofts category-leading sales engagement platform to engage in more relevant, authentic, and sincere ways.
Since our founding in 2011, we have grown into a global, award-winning organization with Lofters based all over the world.  As a testament to our organizational health, we have been named by Forbes as one of Americas Best Startup Employers in 2021, Atlanta Business Chronicles 2022 Healthiest Employers, three times by Deloitte as a Fastest-Growing Technology Company in North America, and have been recognized as a top workplace by Fortune, Glassdoor, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, and Inc Magazine. In addition to our stand-out organizational health, we were named a leader in the Forrester Wave! We received the highest possible score in 26 out of 30 criteria, more than any other vendor evaluated, and we are top ranked in the Current Offering and Strategy categories. 
Were redefining an age-old industry! This is challenging work  but our team of brilliant creatives makes the journey thrilling.  Were fast-paced, innovative, and collaborative.  We pursue excellence in everything and have a lot of fun along the way.  Come join us!
Check us out on Glassdoor and see what people LOVE about working for Salesloft! 
IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? Keep an eye on our Careers Page for other positions!
 
MORE REASONS WHY SHOULD YOU WORK AT SALESLOFT:

You will become part of an amazing culture with a supportive CEO and smart teammates who actually care
You will work with an amazing team you can learn from and teach
You will experience joining a high-growthhigh-traction organization
You will hear Yes, lets do that! and then have the opportunity to successfully execute on your ideas
You will build community with Lofters of many cultures and backgrounds through ERGs and DEI initiatives
We have a vibrant, open office that utilizes modern technology
You will grow more here than you would anywhere else, that is a promise

 
SalesLoft is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law.