Job Title: Account Executive - Enterprise III
Location: Northeast
WHY YOULL LOVE SALESLOFT:
Put Customers First.  Team Over Self.  Focus on Results.  Bias Towards Action.  Glass Half Full. 
These are the values that define who we are and have empowered our staggering growth to become the 1 leader in sales engagement software.   
Salesloft helps brands deliver value and create trust by connecting authentically and meaningfully with their customers. Thousands of customers depend on Saleslofts category-leading sales engagement platform to engage in more relevant, authentic and sincere ways.
Since our founding in 2011, we have grown into a global, award-winning organization with Lofters based all over the world.  As a testament to our organizational health, we have been named by Forbes as one of Americas Best Startup Employers in 2020, twice by Deloitte as a Fastest-Growing Technology Company in North America, and have been recognized as a top workplace by Forbes, Fortune, Glassdoor, Atlanta Journal Constitution, and Inc Magazine.   
Were redefining an age-old industry! This is challenging work  but our team of brilliant creatives makes the journey thrilling.  Were fast-paced, innovative, and collaborative.  We pursue excellence in everything and have a lot of fun along the way.  Come join us!
Check us out on Glassdoor and see what people LOVE about working for Salesloft! 
WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR:
We are seeking a results-oriented, motivated and strategic enterprise hunter who is laser-focused on generating net-new business within North America.  Specifically, you will play a pivotal role in solidifying our position as an anchor technology company within the U.S. by winning high visibility deals and crushing your annual quota.
On a day-to-day basis, you will be responsible for educating the market about the power of SalesLoft.  You must be able to forecast sales activity and revenue achievement accurately while creating satisfied and reference-able customers. To thrive in this role, you will keep up with industry trends, competitive landscape, and customer needs.  As a top-performer, you will have immense growth potential and unlimited opportunity to make an impact.  And did we mention, there is no cap on commission?
If youre passionate about sales technology, providing a world-class customer experience, and thrive in a fast-paced, hyper-growth startup environment, then becoming a Strategic Account Executive is the career path for you!
THE TEAM:
Our SalesLoft enterprise sales team is comprised of seasoned and up-and-coming sales professionals who are all aligned on one mission: to redefine the Sales Engagement space and activate the authentic seller in all of us.
The enterprise sales team consists of results-oriented SaaS sales professionals with a strong hunter mentality and a desire to win.  In addition, they share a few common traits: they are self-motivated, ambitious, and passionate about evangelizing the future of sales innovation. They are the epitome of our core values - Customers First. Team Over Self. Focus on Results. Bias Towards Action. Glass Half Full.
THE SKILL SET:

Bachelors degree or equivalent experience preferred
5 years of proven hunting  closing experience in an enterprise software environment
Experience establishing strategic C-level relationships within major software accounts
Ability to run a full sales lifecycle, start to finish, within the enterprise segment
Experience executing detailed product presentations and web demonstrations of our software capabilities to C-level executives, VPs, directors, and sales managers
Adept at identifying and utilizing internal resources (Sales Development, Sales Engineers, etc.) to build SalesLoft brand awareness, assist in sales cycles, and close deals
Superb listening skills; you must understand objections and defeat them by turning skeptics into ecstatic new customers
High level of empathy - its important for our sales executives to be a good person to peers and prospects
Experience hunting net-new customers in greenfield territory 
Consistent history of quota attainment  overachievement 

WITHIN ONE MONTH, YOULL:

Attend SalesLofts New Hire Orientation, where you will learn our SalesLoft story and understand what makes our Lofters unique
Join our 3-week Sales Bootcamp, where you will learn our software and all the skills necessary to set you up for success, allowing you to make an impact in the market quickly
Begin 1:1s with your manager, understand your 30-60-90 plan, meet  shadow current members of the SalesLoft team, and delve into your territory
Set your OKRs (Objectives and Key Results) with your manager and develop an action plan to achieve them
Meet key partners in Account Management, Finance, Marketing, Executives etc. - they will be key relationships for you throughout your deal cycle
Become demo certified

WITHIN THREE MONTHS, YOULL:

Be a product expert and feel comfortable demoing and closing your first deal
Hit the phones confidently with prospects from self-sourced and SDR generated efforts
Execute detailed product presentations and web demonstrations of our software capabilities to C-level executives, directors, and sales managers
Consistently achieve your activity goals 

WITHIN SIX MONTHS, YOULL:

Consistently meet or exceed your quota
Complete your Lessonly training to ensure you are up-to-date on negotiation best practices, new releases and more
Continue to focus on your OKRs 

WITHIN TWELVE MONTHS, YOULL:

Be considered a top-performing AEs on the team by consistently exceeding your goals
Set an example for new AEs, and assist in training, onboarding and motivating new Lofters 

IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? Keep an eye on our Careers Page for other positions!
WHY SHOULD YOU WORK AT SALESLOFT:

You will become part of an amazing culture with a supportive CEO and smart teammates who actually care
You will work with an amazing team you can learn from and teach
You will experience joining a high-growthhigh-traction organization
You will hear Yes, lets do that! and then have the opportunity to successfully execute on your ideas
You will build community with Lofters of various cultures and backgrounds through ERGs and DEI initiatives
We have a vibrant, open office that utilizes modern technology
You will grow more here than you would anywhere else, that is a promise

LI-RemoteIt is Saleslofts intent to pay all Lofters competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable.  The goal of Saleslofts compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees and encourage employees to stay with our organization.  
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, stock, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans. Salesloft embraces diversity and invites applications from people of all walks of life.  We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law. Base Pay Range123,000—228,000 USD