Job Title: Enterprise Business Development Representative - Future Role  
Location: London
Join Our Talent Network for Future Account Executive Opportunities at Salesloft
Welcome to the Salesloft talent network for Business Development Representatives! While we may not have an immediate opening, we are continuously on the lookout for exceptional individuals whose skills and experiences align with our vision for future roles. If youre a driven BDR with a passion for sales, we invite you to take the first step towards a potential future with Salesloft.
Our recruitment team specializes in identifying top talent and will review your submission. Should your experience, skills, and aspirations align with the job description, a recruiter will reach out to discuss potential future roles.
WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR:
We are seeking a results-oriented, motivated and strategic hunter who is laser-focused on building sales pipeline within the EMEA market.  On a day-to-day basis, you will be responsible for cold-calling prospects and educating the market about the power of Salesloft and generating opportunities with net-new customers.  You will become an expert at using lead generation tools to routinely extract contacts and craft accurate and targeted lists of prospects. You will be able to conduct business development best practices with email, phone, and social drips using Salesloft Cadence to connect with new prospects.
If youre passionate about sales technology, providing a world-class customer experience, and thrive in a fast-paced, hyper-growth startup environment, then becoming a Business Development Representative is the career path for you!
THE TEAM:
Our Saleslofts Business Development team is comprised of seasoned and up-and-coming Business Development Representatives who are all aligned on one mission: to redefine the Sales Engagement space and activate the authentic seller in all of us.
The Business Development team consists of results-oriented sales professionals with a strong hunter mentality and a desire to win. The BDRs on our team share a few common traits: they are self-motivated, ambitious, and passionate about evangelizing Salesloft in the EMEA market. They are also the epitome of our core values - Customers First. Team Over Self. Focus on Results. Bias Towards Action. Glass Half Full.
THE SKILL SET:


6 months of relevant sales experience required; internship experience will be considered


Previous cold calling experience required


Collaborative mentality by prioritizing we and not focusing on me


Results driven  competitive nature


Superb writing, communication, and listening skills; you must understand objections and defeat them by turning skeptics into ecstatic new customers


Outstanding time management skills


High level of empathy - its important for our BDRs to be a good person to peers and prospects


Proven ability to make strong connections and overcome rejection to achieve results


Desire to move up the ranks and become an Account Executive in the future required


WITHIN ONE MONTH, YOULL:


Attend Saleslofts New Hire Orientation, where you will learn our Salesloft story and understand what makes our Lofters unique


Join our 3-week Sales Bootcamp, where you will learn our software and all the skills necessary to set you up for success, allowing you to make an impact in the market quickly


Begin 1:1s with your manager, understand your 30-60-90 plan, meet  shadow current members of the Salesloft team, and delve into your territory


Set your OKRs (Objectives and Key Results) with your manager and develop an action plan to achieve them


Begin to cold call and understand how to utilize your knowledge to overcome objections


WITHIN THREE MONTHS, YOULL:


Have a strong understanding of Salesloft and feel comfortable pitching our software to prospects from self-sourced efforts


Meet regularly with your assigned Account Executives, Manager, and peers to become an expert on the product, talk track and prospecting


Continue your education around Saleslofts competitive advantage and continue to strengthen your business acumen


Consistently achieve your activity goals


Become an expert on internal tools and processes


WITHIN SIX MONTHS, YOULL:


Consistently meet or exceed your quota


Complete your Lessonly training to ensure you are up-to-date on new releases and more


Continue to focus on your OKRs


Assist in the development of best practices for lead generation


WITHIN TWELVE MONTHS, YOULL:


Be seen as a trusted business-advisor and Salesloft expert, making a significant impact on the Lead Generation team


Be considered a top-performing BDR on the team by consistently exceeding your goals


Work with sales and marketing to help create new campaigns to drive pipeline


Set an example for new BDRs, and assist in training, onboarding and motivating new Lofters


IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? Keep an eye on our Careers Page for other positions!
WHY SHOULD YOU WORK AT SALESLOFT:


You will become part of an amazing culture with a supportive CEO and smart teammates who actually care.


You will work with an amazing team you can learn from and teach.


You will experience joining a high-growthhigh-traction organization.


You will hear Yes, lets do that! and then have the opportunity to successfully execute on your ideas.


We have a vibrant, open office that utilizes modern technology.


You will grow more here than you would anywhere else, that is a promise.


Salesloft embraces diversity and invites applications from people of all walks of life.  We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law.
LI-HYBRID