Job Title: Senior Software Engineer
Location: Guadalajara, MX (Remote)

THE OPPORTUNITY:
Although were proud of our history, were just as excited about the future.  We want to create a world-class culture and company that attracts, develops, engages and retains the nations elite talent.  
At SalesLoft, our Senior Software Engineers are pivotal to our companys success.  You will be a key member of our fast-growing and high-performing team working on new technologies in an environment that supports your technical and professional growth. 
Our team consists of Full Stack and UI Engineers whose primary surface area is Email functionality, focusing on content creation and deliverability, with the opportunity to develop in-depth expertise in other areas of the platform.  The team is also the epitome of our core values - Customers First. Team Over Self. Focus on Results. Bias Towards Action. Glass Half Full.
Working with amazing colleagues who exemplify our team over self core value, we will have the opportunity to create impactful and revolutionary software that is changing the way sellers sell.  Together, we will have an opportunity to make a difference. 
WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR:
We are seeking a high-performing individual contributor who can accomplish complex tasks with little direction, design and develop solutions for our teams roadmap work, lead learning sessions, collaborate well across delivery teams, hold a clear understanding of the organizations goals, and be a strong engineering resource to help deliver features with quality and on-time. You will participate in support channels, engineering-wide initiatives, provide technical support on key customer calls, and mentor and coach team members who seek opportunities to learn and grow.
On a day-to-day basis, you will be responsible for:

Guiding planning and grooming sessions
Documenting best practices and methodologies
Reviewing team members and cross-team members code
Ensuring quality across the software development lifecycle
Holding the bar for system testability, observability, and maintainability
Reviewing metrics, identifying issues, and improving performance of our applications
Providing ongoing production support and contributing to incident reviews

If youre passionate about sales technology, providing a world-class customer experience, and thrive in a fast-paced, hyper-growth startup environment, then becoming a Senior Software Engineer is the career path for you!
 
THE SKILL SET:

5 years of experience building large scale web applications
Depth of knowledge with technologies like Ruby on Rails and Elixir, React and Angular
Experience in an environment like AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, Postgres (Citus), ElasticSearch, and Kafka.
Hands-on experience in designing, building, and deploying scalable, highly available systems
Experience with giving and receiving feedback
Passion for directly implementing code and debugging complex issues, and pairing with teammates to get work done
Positive, empathetic, and team-oriented; must have the ability to collaborate well with all departments and teams

WITHIN ONE MONTH, YOULL:

Attend SalesLofts New Hire Orientation, where you will learn our SalesLoft story and understand what makes our Lofters unique 
Attend the half day introduction to Salesloft Engineering, where you will get a high level introduction to the architecture of the platform and learn the basic processes of the Engineering Team.
Begin 1:1s with your manager, understand your 30-60-90 plan, and be assigned to a development team.
Set your OKRs (Objectives and Key Results) with your manager and develop an action plan to achieve them
Regularly commit production code

WITHIN THREE MONTHS, YOULL:

Be very knowledgeable of your teams surface area.
Be able to take significant ownership for developing a new feature 

WITHIN SIX MONTHS, YOULL:

Be a major contributor to team planning and execution
Be mentoring support engineers on engineering practices and coding standards
Achieve the results defined in your first set of OKRs

 
WHY YOULL LOVE SALESLOFT:
At Salesloft, were not just a company, were a community built on shared values. 
We put our customers first, prioritize our team over ourselves, focus on results, have a bias toward taking action, and choose to see the glass as half full. These values have been at the heart of our growth in becoming the 1 leader in sales engagement software, and were still just getting started.
Salesloft helps sales teams drive more revenue with the only complete Sales Engagement platform available in the market. Salesloft is the one place for sellers and managers to go to execute all their digital selling tasks, communicate with buyers, understand what to do next, forecast with accuracy, and get the coaching and insights they need to win more deals. Thousands of the worlds most successful sales teams, like those at Google, 3M, IBM, Shopify, Square, and Cisco, drive more revenue with Salesloft.
Since our founding in 2011, we have grown into a global, award-winning organization with Lofters based all over the world. As a testament to our organizational health, we have been named by Forbes as one of Americas Best Startup Employers in 2021, Atlanta Business Chronicles 2022 Healthiest Employers, three times by Deloitte as a Fastest-Growing Technology Company in North America, and have been recognized as a top workplace by Fortune, Glassdoor, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, and Inc Magazine. 
In addition to our stand-out organizational health, G2 recently ranked us 1 in Enterprise Sales Engagement and we were named a leader in the 2022 Forrester Wave for Sales Engagement. We received the highest possible score in 26 out of 30 criteria, more than any other vendor evaluated in our category. 
Were redefining an age-old industry. This is challenging work  but our team of driven innovators makes the journey thrilling. Were fast-paced, cutting-edge, and collaborative. We pursue excellence in everything we do and have a lot of fun along the way. Come join us!
Check us out on Glassdoor and see what people LOVE about working for Salesloft! 
IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? Keep an eye on our Careers Page for other positions!
 
WHY SHOULD YOU WORK AT SALESLOFT:

You will become part of an amazing culture with a supportive CEO and smart teammates who actually care
You will work with an amazing team you can learn from and teach
You will experience joining a high-growthhigh-traction organization
You will hear Yes, lets do that! and then have the opportunity to successfully execute on your ideas
You will build community with Lofters of many cultures and backgrounds through ERGs and DEI initiatives
We have a vibrant, open office that utilizes modern technology
You will grow more here than you would anywhere else, that is a promise

 
SalesLoft is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law.