Job Title: Product Enablement Manager IVLocation: Atlanta, GA
 
THE OPPORTUNITY:
While were proud of our history, were even more excited about the future. We aim to create a world-class culture and company that attracts, develops, engages, and retains elite talent.
At Salesloft, our Product Enablement Manager IV plays a pivotal role in our companys success. Youll be a key member of our rapidly growing, high-performing company. As the Product Enablement Manager IV, youll serve as the vital link between our Product Management and Revenue Enablement teams. This role is responsible for driving alignment between product development and the go-to-market (GTM) strategy. Your primary responsibility will be to bridge the gap between what our product teams are building and how our sales, marketing, and customer success teams are equipped to effectively bring these products to market. Your responsibilities include delivering engaging content through elearning and in-person channels. You will be a driving force behind our Product Enablement delivery, from start to finish. In order to be successful, this will require a deep understanding of our product roadmap, release timelines, and an actionable plan for successful GTM execution.
On a day-to-day basis, you will be responsible for:
Product Integration and Alignment:

Developing close alignment with the Product organization, collaborating closely with Product Managers and Product Marketers.
Gaining a deep understanding of our Product Roadmap to ensure that enablement initiatives are closely aligned with product development and releases.

Drive Timely Product Launches:

Architecting a forward-thinking roadmap that ensure on-time delivery of product launches and updates across the Go-to-Market (GTM) organization.
Working closely with cross-functional teams, specifically Product Managers and Product Marketing to develop and deliver all relevant GTM messaging and initiatives.

Cross-Functional Collaboration:

Leading cross-functional collaboration to design and execute programs that address business gaps.
Collaborate on the development and execution of go-to-market programs, including messaging, positioning, and product launch strategies in alignment with Marketing Programs, to drive awareness, education and engagement.

Program Delivery and Execution:

In this role you will be responsible for collaborating in the strategy creation and execution for what we talk about and how we position it in the market 
Design and deliver impactful programs tailored to diverse audiences across the Revenue organization.
Handle end-to-end program management, including planning, execution, follow-up, and post-launch measurement of success.

Content Delivery and Education:

Deliver engaging elearning and in-person content, while also measuring the end-to-end success of our enablement initiatives throughout the client life cycle.
Work closely with the Revenue Enablement Managers to seamlessly integrate new features into daily conversations.
Ensure that sellers are equipped with the right foundational messaging and resources.

In addition to working with amazing colleagues who exemplify our team over self core value, you will also have the opportunity to develop and execute on a process-driven strategy to deliver repeatable scale across a global revenue organization. You will have an opportunity to make a difference.
WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR:
We are seeking a candidate for this role who embodies the values of Salesloft—someone who is exceptionally detail-oriented, supremely organized, and approaches their work with a genuine curiosity to delve deep into our products and processes. This individual should possess a strong desire to understand comprehensively what we do and how it works, bridging the technical aspects with the practical needs of our revenue-focused teams. The ideal candidate will have a background rich in either Sales or Product, bringing invaluable expertise to the table. 
They excel in translating complex technical information into easily digestible language, facilitating effective communication, and enabling our revenue roles to thrive in their functions.
If youre looking for an opportunity to learn more, do more, and become more, then becoming a Product Enablement Manager IV is the career path for you!
THE TEAM:
Our Salesloft Revenue Enablement team is comprised of seasoned and up-and-coming Revenue Leaders who are all aligned on one vision and mission:
Vision: Every seller is loved by the buyers they serve (saleslove)Mission: Equip companies to maximize revenue by creating a fantastic buying experience
Our organization is a dynamic team of self-starters who have a combined experience between technical and revenue roles. We are known for our world-class delivery rooted in innovation. Renowned for our unwavering commitment to continuous improvement, we are relentless in our pursuit to learn and elevate what we share with those we serve. They are also the epitome of our core values: Put Customers First. Team Over Self. Focus on Results. Bias Towards Action. Glass Half Full.
THE SKILL SET:

6 years in building, managing, and delivering enablement or corporate programs.
Prior experience in a quota-carrying role preferred.
Experience in content creation and delivery to selling teams (sales, pre-sales, andor post-sales).
Desire to solve complex problems, learn from others, and step outside their comfort zone.
Ability to build, analyze, and document processes across multiple teamstopicsparts of the business into actionable deliverables and tools for others.
Proven track record of project management.
Driven, energetic, proactive, collaborative, and accountable.
Excellent listening and communication skills, (formal and informal (presentations), written and verbal, etc.).
Comfortable managing up andor speaking publiclydriving conversations with senior stakeholders.

WITHIN ONE MONTH, YOULL:

Attend Saleslofts New Hire Orientation, where you will learn our Salesloft story and understand what makes our Lofters unique.
Join our 3-week Sales Bootcamp, where you will learn our software and all the skills necessary to set you up for success, allowing you to make an impact in your role quickly.
Begin 1:1s cross the team, understand your 30-60-90 plan, meet  shadow current members of the Salesloft team, and delve into your territory.
Meet key stakeholders across Product and Revenue.

WITHIN THREE MONTHS, YOULL:

Demonstrate In-Depth Product Knowledge: Develop a comprehensive understanding of our product, its capabilities, and how it addresses customer needs, enabling you to confidently explain and showcase our platform.
Navigate Cross-Functional Collaboration: Gain insights into how various teams at Salesoft collaborate, understanding the interplay between Product Management, Sales, Marketing, and Customer Success, and effectively engage with these teams to facilitate alignment and communication.
Master Enablement Tools: Acquire a deep understanding of the tools and resources used in our enablement efforts, demonstrating proficiency in their utilization and showcasing how they enhance the productivity and effectiveness of our revenue teams.

WITHIN SIX MONTHS, YOULL:

Collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams to co-lead the planning and delivery of product launches, ensuring seamless coordination and alignment between Product Management and Revenue Enablement.
Demonstrate your ability to equip GTM roles with the necessary training, messaging, and resources to effectively communicate and describe new product features. This includes facilitating comprehensive training programs and ensuring that messaging aligns with the evolving product landscape.

WITHIN TWELVE MONTHS, YOULL:

Lead the delivery of product launches.
Offer strategic guidance by proactively developing and implementing advanced planning and scaling strategies for our next product launch.

WHY YOULL LOVE SALESLOFT:
At Salesloft, were not just a company, were a community built on shared values. 
We put our customers first, prioritize our team over ourselves, focus on results, have a bias toward taking action, and choose to see the glass as half full. These values have been at the heart of our growth in becoming the 1 leader in sales engagement software, and were still just getting started.
Salesloft helps sales teams drive more revenue with the only complete Sales Engagement platform available in the market. Salesloft is the one place for sellers and managers to go to execute all their digital selling tasks, communicate with buyers, understand what to do next, forecast with accuracy, and get the coaching and insights they need to win more deals. Thousands of the worlds most successful sales teams, like those at Google, 3M, IBM, Shopify, Square, and Cisco, drive more revenue with Salesloft.
Since our founding in 2011, we have grown into a global, award-winning organization with Lofters based all over the world. As a testament to our organizational health, we have been named by Forbes as one of Americas Best Startup Employers in 2021, Atlanta Business Chronicles 2022 Healthiest Employers, three times by Deloitte as a Fastest-Growing Technology Company in North America, and have been recognized as a top workplace by Fortune, Glassdoor, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, and Inc Magazine. 
In addition to our stand-out organizational health, G2 recently ranked us 1 in Enterprise Sales Engagement and we were named a leader in the 2022 Forrester Wave for Sales Engagement. We received the highest possible score in 26 out of 30 criteria, more than any other vendor evaluated in our category. 
Were redefining an age-old industry. This is challenging work  but our team of driven innovators makes the journey thrilling. Were fast-paced, cutting-edge, and collaborative. We pursue excellence in everything we do and have a lot of fun along the way. Come join us!
Check us out on Glassdoor and see what people LOVE about working for Salesloft! 
IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? Keep an eye on our Careers Page for other positions!
WHY SHOULD YOU WORK AT SALESLOFT:

You will become part of an amazing culture with a supportive CEO and smart teammates who actually care
You will work with an amazing team you can learn from and teach
You will experience joining a high-growthhigh-trajectory organization
You will hear Yes, lets do that! and then have the opportunity to successfully execute on your ideas
You will build community with Lofters of many cultures and backgrounds through ERGs and DEI initiatives
We have a vibrant, open office that utilizes modern technology
You will grow more here than you would anywhere else, that is a promise

Salesloft embraces diversity and invites applications from people of all walks of life. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law.
LI-HYBRIDIt is Saleslofts intent to pay all Lofters competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable.  The goal of Saleslofts compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees and encourage employees to stay with our organization.  
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, stock, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans. Salesloft embraces diversity and invites applications from people of all walks of life.  We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law. Base Pay Range99,000—169,000 USD