Job title: Strategic Success Specialist
Location: Atlanta 
THE OPPORTUNITY:
Although were proud of our history, were just as excited about the future.  We want to create a world-class culture and company that attracts, develops, engages and retains the nations elite talent.  
At Salesloft, our Strategic Success Specialists are pivotal to our companys success.  You will be a key member of our fast-growing and high-performing, global Strategic Services organization acting as a proactive resource for our strategic customers. You will be able to ensure sucessful product adoption and retention of our largest customers, in a scalable way.
In this role, you will have 2 core focuses; leveraging scaled touchpoints to drive ROI across your entire customer base as well as taking a more consultative approach to your key customers. You will analyze data and work closely with the customer account team to identify the customers where your support would deliver the most impact and then proactively reach out to these customers to provide them with insight and suggestions around how they can be reaching their goals.
Your role will be to educate customers both 1:1 through best practice training, and at scale on the features and benefits of Salesloft and the value it can bring their teams. You will be showcasing the platform on a daily basis which means you will have an immediate impact on the day to day lives of many of our customers.
WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR:
We are seeking an excellent communicator with a wealth of sales engagement knowledge who will engage, retain and drive our customers understanding of Salesloft product offerings. You will be measured on the retention, expansion and happiness index of a book of business (Saleslofts customers). 
On a day-to-day basis, you will be responsible for proactively reaching out to customers to offer data-driven recommendations on best practices to help them increase their ROI with Salesloft. You will be ruthlessly prioritizing your book of business and coming up with new scaled approaches to ensure every customer has a wonderful experience as well as hosting customer trainings and strategy calls to drive optimization. You will partner with sales to identify customer growth opportunities based on demonstrated value, and help strategize and execute plans to earn additional spend from the customer.  You will also work with support and product teams to ensure customer feedback is captured and realized.  
If youre passionate about sales technology, providing a world-class customer experience, and thrive in a fast-paced, hyper-growth startup environment, then becoming a Strategic Success Specialist is the career path for you!
THE TEAM:
Our Saleslofts Strategic Services team is comprised of seasoned and up-and-coming professionals who are all aligned on one vision and mission:

Vision: Every seller is loved by the buyers they serve (saleslove)
Mission: Equip companies to maximize revenue by creating a fantastic buying experience

They are also the epitome of our core values:  Customers First. Team Over Self. Focus on Results. Bias Towards Action. Glass Half Full.
THE SKILL SET:

2 years of experience in a customer success  sales role
Experience working with a sales engagement platform
1 years of experience using the Salesforce andor Dynamics CRM. Must have a basic to intermediate knowledge of Salesforce CRM components such as leads, activities, contacts, opportunities, and reporting. (SalesforceDynamics Admin Certification is a plus!) 
Previous experience in a SaaSTechnology company or fast growing start up preferred
Superb listening skills and the proven ability to dig deeper to uncover the customers true objectives
High level of empathy - its important for our team to be a good person to peers and customers
You are a clear, confident and compelling communicator — in writing, in conversation and in front of an audience
You are extremely perceptive and are highly emotionally intelligent, making you agile in adapting your executive presence and approach to any audience and personality
You are resourceful, scrappy and creative — if a playbook doesnt exist yet, you go figure it out and build it for the whole team to use
You are confident in technical conversations — hearing API doesnt make you run and hide

WITHIN ONE MONTH, YOULL:

Attend Saleslofts New Hire Orientation, where you will learn our Salesloft story and understand what makes our Lofters unique 
Join our 3-week Sales Bootcamp, where you will learn our software and all the skills necessary to set you up for success, allowing you to make an impact in the market quickly
Begin 1:1s with your manager, understand your 30-60-90 day plan, meet  shadow current members of the Salesloft team, and delve into your accounts 
Set your OKRs (Objectives and Key Results) with your manager and develop an action plan to achieve them
Meet key partners in Account Management, Finance, Marketing, Executives etc. - they will be key relationships for you throughout your deal cycle
Become demo certified

WITHIN THREE MONTHS, YOULL:

Be Salesloft admin certified
Be enrolled in our Salesloft PM certification program
Be a product expert and feel comfortable walking a customer through all aspects of the Salesloft platform
Have proficiency in both the Salesloft product capabilities as well as modern sales engagement best practices
Begin engaging with your book of business through proactive touchpoints and strategic customer meetings

WITHIN SIX MONTHS, YOULL:

Be running with your strategic success plans to encourage adoption  process optimization
Be able to show quantifiable ROI to customers in the form of success stories
Have a greater ability to understand deep technical aspects of a product and educate customers and peers using simplified explanations

WITHIN TWELVE MONTHS, YOULL:

Set an example for new Strategic Success Specialists, and assist in training, onboarding and motivating new Lofters
Be a proven self-starter and able to come up to speed on complex, difficult concepts with minimal assistance
Have a thorough understanding of the challenges an organization faces when implementing a new technology and how to help them manage change

 
WHY YOULL LOVE SALESLOFT:
At Salesloft, were not just a company, were a community built on shared values. 
We put our customers first, prioritize our team over ourselves, focus on results, have a bias toward taking action, and choose to see the glass as half full. These values have been at the heart of our growth in becoming the 1 leader in sales engagement software, and were still just getting started.
Salesloft helps sales teams drive more revenue with the only complete Sales Engagement platform available in the market. Salesloft is the one place for sellers and managers to go to execute all their digital selling tasks, communicate with buyers, understand what to do next, forecast with accuracy, and get the coaching and insights they need to win more deals. Thousands of the worlds most successful sales teams, like those at Google, 3M, IBM, Shopify, Square, and Cisco, drive more revenue with Salesloft.
Since our founding in 2011, we have grown into a global, award-winning organization with Lofters based all over the world. As a testament to our organizational health, we have been named by Forbes as one of Americas Best Startup Employers in 2021, Atlanta Business Chronicles 2022 Healthiest Employers, three times by Deloitte as a Fastest-Growing Technology Company in North America, and have been recognized as a top workplace by Fortune, Glassdoor, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, and Inc Magazine. 
In addition to our stand-out organizational health, G2 recently ranked us 1 in Enterprise Sales Engagement and we were named a leader in the 2022 Forrester Wave for Sales Engagement. We received the highest possible score in 26 out of 30 criteria, more than any other vendor evaluated in our category. 
Were redefining an age-old industry. This is challenging work  but our team of driven innovators makes the journey thrilling. Were fast-paced, cutting-edge, and collaborative. We pursue excellence in everything we do and have a lot of fun along the way. Come join us!
Check us out on Glassdoor and see what people LOVE about working for Salesloft! 
IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? Keep an eye on our Careers Page for other positions!
WHY SHOULD YOU WORK AT SALESLOFT:

You will become part of an amazing culture with a supportive CEO and smart teammates who actually care
You will work with an amazing team you can learn from and teach
You will experience joining a high-growthhigh-trajectory organization
You will hear Yes, lets do that! and then have the opportunity to successfully execute on your ideas
You will build community with Lofters of many cultures and backgrounds through ERGs and DEI initiatives
We have a vibrant, open office that utilizes modern technology
You will grow more here than you would anywhere else, that is a promise
It is Saleslofts intent to pay all Lofters competitive wages and salaries that are motivational, fair and equitable.  The goal of Saleslofts compensation program is to be transparent, attract potential employees, meet the needs of all current employees and encourage employees to stay with our organization.  
Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location.The total compensation package for this position may also include performance bonus, stock, benefits andor other applicable incentive compensation plans. Salesloft embraces diversity and invites applications from people of all walks of life.  We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law. Base Pay Range60,000—102,000 USD