The era of pervasive AI has arrived.  In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.
SambaNova Suite is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.Working at SambaNova
This role presents a unique opportunity to shape and work on cutting-edge system software solutions for AI and machine learning applications in the enterprise  commercial landscape. The stack spans multiple software layers, and provides products  services including but not limited to OS, software-hardware interface, isolation through virtualization and containerization, scaleout through data-parallelmodel-parallelpipeline-parallel, etc with networking, fault management, application orchestration using Kubernetes, and various tools for managementdebuggingdiagnostics.
 
Job Description
SambaNova is searching for a runtime software engineer candidate that will deliver cutting-edge system software solutions for AI and machine learning applications in the enterprise  commercial landscape. The candidate will participate in building, testing, and deploying next-generation high-performance OS-related system software stack for compute systems for AI applications at scale. The candidate must have a strong background in programming, building, and testing software in distributed systems, networking, Kubernetes, and system fault management with good teamwork and planning skills.
 
This individual will be responsible for:

Design, develop and maintain OS-related system software with industry-leading performance and capabilities.
Work across teams to ensure maximum system-level performance.
Innovate new software-hardware interfaces to manage compute, memory, and IO resources.
Own and support testing automation of the RDU system software of different configurations and use cases
Work closely with hardware engineers to validate silicon features before tapeout.
Provide feedback to the hardware teams on potential improvements

 
Basic Qualifications

Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering
4-10 years of related industry, hands-on experience with Linux OS kernel  user space, Kubernetes, system fault management, Ethernet, and IO virtualization

 
Additional Required Qualifications

Experience in programming languages, such as C, C, Python
Experience and knowledge with IO virtualization technologies, industry-standard open-source networking, and parallel computing frameworks such as MPI, and UCX is a bonus.
Experience with Linux kernel, drivers, user space libraries, and applications with strong Linux fundamentals
Demonstrated knowledge of Ethernet concepts, network operating systems, Kubernetes, and system fault management is desired
Good communication skills and enthusiasm to help colleagues
Knowledge of various compiler and build systems, such as GCC, LLVM, Make, and CMake

 
Preferred Qualifications

Experience working in a high-growth startup
A team player who demonstrates humility
Action-oriented with a focus on speed  results
Ability to thrive in a no-boundaries culture  make an impact on innovation

 
LI-TD1
 Submission Guidelines
Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 
If you are a new, recent (within the last two years), or upcoming college graduate and are interested in opportunities with SambaNova Systems, please apply through our university job listings.EEO Policy
SambaNova Systems is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national originancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.Customers turn to SambaNova to quickly deploy state-of-the-art generative AI capabilities within the enterprise. Our purpose-built enterprise-scale AI platform is the technology backbone for the next generation of AI computing.Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, SambaNova Systems was founded in 2017 by industry luminaries, and hardware and software design experts from SunOracle and Stanford University. Investors include SoftBank Vision Fund 2, funds and accounts managed by BlackRock, Intel Capital, GV, Walden International, Temasek, GIC, Redline Capital, Atlantic Bridge Ventures, Celesta, and several others. Visit us at sambanova.ai. Follow SambaNova Systems on Linkedin.