The era of pervasive AI has arrived.  In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.
SambaNova Suite is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.Responsibilities

Work closely with the ML engineering team and other cross-functional partners to align on requirements, drive execution and implement processes to improve efficiency.
Leverage your excellent communication and coordination skills to bring the best out of multiple technical teams
Make decisions at the program level, using planning and tracking tools to handle cross-organizational programs of broad scope and high complexity
Report on key milestones and drive progress toward those milestones
Proactively identify and help remove obstacles to drive momentum
Streamline and work to define processes and best practices to drive execution
Commit to ongoing learning and development pertaining to compilers

Qualifications

Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, SW Engineering or related field 
6 years of industry work experience
5 years of experience of technical program management and development in software industry
5 years of experience leading cross-functional teams with a proven track record of meeting project commitments
Experience with roadmap planning, change control, forecasting and release process management

Additional Preferred Qualifications

Strong business and stakeholder management skills with experience influencing individuals and teams
Proven leadership skills to leverage cross-group talent and relationships to achieve goals
Communication skills with demonstrated expertise to articulate and up-level information based on the audience
Desire to learn and lead through ambiguity
Self-motivated and willing to take additional responsibilities over time to contribute to the teams success
1 years of ML related product development experience
Familiarity with AIdeep learning technologies is a plus

Annual Salary Range and Level
The base salary for this position ranges from 180,000year up to 210,000year. This range is based on role, level, and location and reflects the salary target for new hires in the US. Individual pay within the range will depend on a number of factors, including a candidates job-related qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location.
Benefits Summary
SambaNova offers a competitive total rewards package, including the base salary, plus equity and benefits. We cover 95 premium coverage for employee medical insurance, and 80 premium coverage for dependents and offer a Health Savings Account(HSA) with employer contribution. We also offer Dental, Vision, ShortLong term Disability, Basic Life, Voluntary Life and ADD insurance plans in addition to Flexible Spending Account(FSA) options like Health Care, Limited Purpose, and Dependent Care. Our library of well-being benefits includes a full subscription to Headspace, access to One Medical, counseling services with an Employee Assistance Program, and much more.
 Submission Guidelines
Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 
If you are a new, recent (within the last two years), or upcoming college graduate and are interested in opportunities with SambaNova Systems, please apply through our university job listings.EEO Policy
SambaNova Systems is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national originancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.Customers turn to SambaNova to quickly deploy state-of-the-art generative AI capabilities within the enterprise. Our purpose-built enterprise-scale AI platform is the technology backbone for the next generation of AI computing.Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, SambaNova Systems was founded in 2017 by industry luminaries, and hardware and software design experts from SunOracle and Stanford University. Investors include SoftBank Vision Fund 2, funds and accounts managed by BlackRock, Intel Capital, GV, Walden International, Temasek, GIC, Redline Capital, Atlantic Bridge Ventures, Celesta, and several others. Visit us at sambanova.ai. Follow SambaNova Systems on Linkedin.