The era of pervasive AI has arrived.  In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.
SambaNova Suite is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.Working at SambaNova
SambaNovas mission is to be the number 1 platform for business AI. We are a full-stack provider of AI-specific chips, software, and models that come together to help every organization accelerate their AI journey.
This role presents a unique opportunity to engage with partners and shape the future of AI and the value it can unlock across every aspect of an organizations business and operations.
Job Description 
SambaNova is hiring a customer-focused Enterprise Account Executive to join our fast-paced team responsible for driving the growth of revenue and product adoption.  This individual will be responsible for the large Enterprise companies in the Midwest and other markets. 
The ideal candidate will be someone who is deeply excited about this space and has a passion for helping customers understand the value proposition SambaNova brings.
In addition, you have the ability to think strategically about the business, category, and technical challenges, with a skill-set that drives tactical execution of sales and business development goals.
 
This individual will be responsible for:

Key technology leader, trusted advisor, and influencer in shaping customer decisions to buy and adopt SambaNova solutions
Develop and drive SambaNova business with a set of named enterprise customers
Leverage your existing relationships to accelerate SambaNovas engagement with target customers
Develop a strategy for the region based on SambaNovas capabilities and the specific needs of the target customers and industries
Execute on strategy to quickly deliver wins and expansion within target customers 
Be a vocal advocate for customers needs, top use cases  within the larger SambaNova Go to market team 
Own winning the technical decision at customers for sales opportunities and usage scenarios, through tailoring your message, bringing ideas to customers, engaging with them to show our technology differentiation, and guiding them in decision making
Lead presentations and solution demonstrations to explain and prove to our largest customers the capabilities of SambaNovas Data  AI solutions, and how we can make their businesses more successful
Responsible for informing and influencing our go-to-market strategies by providing feedback to marketing and engineering on current and future product requirements and sales blockers
Proven success in business management, adaptable to a culture of accountability, and must have already built a strong and active business network that one can tap into

 
Basic Qualifications

Bachelors Degree 
7  years of enterprise sales experience in a related industry
Previous experience in AI

 
Additional Required Qualifications

Experience and expertise selling to senior business decision-makers by aligning and reinforcing the value of the solution to the customers overall business pain andor strategic opportunities and decision criteria
Understanding of SambaNovas AI product suite. The position requires the ability to articulate and demonstrate the business value of SambaNovas solutions and have a firm understanding of our strategies and products relative to major competitors
Looking for an individual who has a long list of trusted relationships in the BFSI industry.   In addition to existing relationships, we are looking for someone with a  proven track record of developing new executive relationships

 
Preferred Qualifications

Experience working in a high-growth startup
A team player who demonstrates humility
Action-oriented with a focus on speed  results
Ability to thrive in a no-boundaries culture  make an impact on innovation

 
Annual Salary Range and Level
The base salary for this position ranges from 170,000.00 per year up to 190,000.00 per year. This range is based on role, level, and location and reflects the salary target for new hires in the US. Individual pay within the range will depend on a number of factors, including a candidates job-related qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location. This role also includes a variable component based on direct sales.
 
Benefits Summary
SambaNova offers a competitive total rewards package, including the base salary, plus equity and benefits. We cover 95 premium coverage for employee medical insurance, and 80 premium coverage for dependents and offer a Health Savings Account(HSA) with employer contribution. We also offer Dental, Vision, ShortLong term Disability, Basic Life, Voluntary Life and ADD insurance plans in addition to Flexible Spending Account(FSA) options like Health Care, Limited Purpose, and Dependent Care. Our library of well-being benefits includes a full subscription to Headspace, access to One Medical, counseling services with an Employee Assistance Program, and much more.
LI-TD1
Submission Guidelines
Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 
If you are a new, recent (within the last two years), or upcoming college graduate and are interested in opportunities with SambaNova Systems, please apply through our university job listings.EEO Policy
SambaNova Systems is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national originancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.Customers turn to SambaNova to quickly deploy state-of-the-art generative AI capabilities within the enterprise. Our purpose-built enterprise-scale AI platform is the technology backbone for the next generation of AI computing.Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, SambaNova Systems was founded in 2017 by industry luminaries, and hardware and software design experts from SunOracle and Stanford University. Investors include SoftBank Vision Fund 2, funds and accounts managed by BlackRock, Intel Capital, GV, Walden International, Temasek, GIC, Redline Capital, Atlantic Bridge Ventures, Celesta, and several others. Visit us at sambanova.ai. Follow SambaNova Systems on Linkedin.