The era of pervasive AI has arrived.  In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.
SambaNova Suite is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.Introduction:
SambaNova is hiring a Product Manager to join our highly impactful Product team in building SambaNovas flagship product Dataflow-as-a-ServiceTM, an enterprise grade MLOps platform for Foundation models.
Opportunity:
The third era of AI has arrived, powered by foundation models. Foundation models are achieving step-function increases in scale, versatility, and accuracy compared to legacy AI technologies, presenting an opportunity for organizations to fundamentally transform their business and operations.
SambaNova DataScale is enabling organizations and enterprises to achieve the transformative promise of these new AI technologies with a fully integrated hardware-software system that delivers innovation across the full AI stack, creating the AIbackbone for the next 10 years and beyond.
This role presents a unique opportunity to shape the future of AI and the value it can unlock across every aspect of an organizations business and operations, including the organizations ability to train amp; run state-of-the-art large Foundations Models to churn enormous amounts of data amp; provide game changing predictions for their business.
This is a high-visibility position which will be part of the team that is building our cloud agnostic MLOps DaaS platform from scratch. DaaS enables customers to use Foundational Models without worrying about the complexity of underlying software and  hardware infrastructure. This person will collaborate cross-functionally across Product, Engineering, ML, Marketing and Support teams to contribute towards building a winning roadmap for the product, identify dependencies across teams, improve processes and get impactful features out in the market in time.
Responsibilities:

Work in close collaboration with the product and engineering team to define the product vision and technical requirements including all aspects of the future roadmap, investment, innovation, and experimentation
Research the MLOps market, including how different products are positioned and differentiated, and help define how SambaNovas specific capabilities should be built
Collaborate across Engineering, ML, and Support teams to go through product requirements, challenge process improvements, identify dependencies and deliver impactful features in time
Be the business owner for your featureuse case area, set the product vision, enable product execution, and drive business outcomes
Partner with Product, Marketing, Customer Engineering, and Sales teams to successfully launch products, drive adoption and make customers successful
Understand the nuances between shipping products to customers versus delivering them as cloud services

Preferred Qualifications and Skills:

Bachelors degree in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering, or a related field
2-5 years of total experience with at least 1-2 years of product management experience, preferably in AIML based products using deep learning technologies. Kubernetes andor cloud infrastructure
Ability to define technical requirements and priorities in a fast-paced environment
Shipped user-facing or API products, built on complex technical systems running at scale
Strong written and verbal communication skills with a talent for the precise articulation of customer problems
Experience building brand new products or working in a startup environment

LI-TD1Submission Guidelines
Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 
If you are a new, recent (within the last two years), or upcoming college graduate and are interested in opportunities with SambaNova Systems, please apply through our university job listings.EEO Policy
SambaNova Systems is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national originancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.Customers turn to SambaNova to quickly deploy state-of-the-art generative AI capabilities within the enterprise. Our purpose-built enterprise-scale AI platform is the technology backbone for the next generation of AI computing.Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, SambaNova Systems was founded in 2017 by industry luminaries, and hardware and software design experts from SunOracle and Stanford University. Investors include SoftBank Vision Fund 2, funds and accounts managed by BlackRock, Intel Capital, GV, Walden International, Temasek, GIC, Redline Capital, Atlantic Bridge Ventures, Celesta, and several others. Visit us at sambanova.ai. Follow SambaNova Systems on Linkedin.