The era of pervasive AI has arrived.  In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.
SambaNova Suite is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.Working at SambaNova
The Runtime team at SambaNova is a seasoned engineering team with a proven track record of delivering cutting-edge system software solutions for AI and machine learning applications in the enterprise  commercial landscape. 
We handle all phases of software infrastructure to enable the higher level apps, including:

OS interfaceintegration
Data model manipulation for scaling
Networkingcommunication intra and inter node
Orchestration of partitioned workloads
Error monitoring and general care and feeding of the hardware

We build a high performance, distributed and scalable software execution environment for SambaNova DataScale  SambaSuite platform(s) to support data-flow applications e.g. ML training and inference, data processing operations like ETL, and HPC applications.
We are searching for an experienced software engineer who will work on all parts of the runtime stacks for AI, ML, and scientific applications in high-performance distributed systems. You will participate in building, testing and deploying next-generation high-performance compute systems for AI applications at scale. We expect the candidate to have a strong background in programming, building and testing software in distributed systems, performance tuning of large scale systems, and good teamwork and planning skills.
Role Responsibilities

Work on design and implementation of new and enhanced features of the runtime stack to support high performance and scalable ML training applications
Work on design and implementation of new and enhanced features of the runtime stack to support low-latency ML inference applications
Work on system software support for the next generation RDU system 
Provide tools and performance profilers for customers to configure and use the Datascale system
Work on various virtualization technologies to provide isolation and ease of use to enterprise environments
Collaborate with other software teams like ML, Compiler, DevOps

Basic Qualifications

Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent and with 5-10 years of industry experience
Proficiency in CC and Python

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with operating system, kernel space driver, and user space library
Experience with different types of fabrics, such as PCIe, Infiniband, and RoCE
Experience with fast networking stacks, such as RDMA
Experience with software bringup for hardware accelerator   
Good communication skills and enthusiasm to help colleagues

 
Annual Salary Range and Level
The base salary for this position ranges from 165,000year up to 210,000year. This range is based on role, level, and location and reflects the salary target for new hires in the US. Individual pay within the range will depend on a number of factors, including a candidates job-related qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location.
 
Benefits Summary
SambaNova offers a competitive total rewards package, including the base salary, plus equity and benefits. We cover 95 premium coverage for employee medical insurance, and 80 premium coverage for dependents and offer a Health Savings Account(HSA) with employer contribution. We also offer Dental, Vision, ShortLong term Disability, Basic Life, Voluntary Life and ADD insurance plans in addition to Flexible Spending Account(FSA) options like Health Care, Limited Purpose, and Dependent Care. Our library of well-being benefits includes a full subscription to Headspace, access to One Medical, counseling services with an Employee Assistance Program, and much more.
LI-SE1Submission Guidelines
Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 
If you are a new, recent (within the last two years), or upcoming college graduate and are interested in opportunities with SambaNova Systems, please apply through our university job listings.EEO Policy
SambaNova Systems is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national originancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.Customers turn to SambaNova to quickly deploy state-of-the-art generative AI capabilities within the enterprise. Our purpose-built enterprise-scale AI platform is the technology backbone for the next generation of AI computing.Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, SambaNova Systems was founded in 2017 by industry luminaries, and hardware and software design experts from SunOracle and Stanford University. Investors include SoftBank Vision Fund 2, funds and accounts managed by BlackRock, Intel Capital, GV, Walden International, Temasek, GIC, Redline Capital, Atlantic Bridge Ventures, Celesta, and several others. Visit us at sambanova.ai. Follow SambaNova Systems on Linkedin.