The era of pervasive AI has arrived.  In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.
SambaNova Suite is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.Job Overview
SambaNova Systems is looking for talented and motivated engineers to help us solve some of the most challenging problems in machine learning, artificial intelligence, and data analytics. As an FPGA engineer, you will play a pivotal role in building the machine learning solution, spanning across accelerator chips, systems, and software stack.
Roles and Responsibilities

Define, create and maintain FPGA-based platforms
Adapt RTL designs to FPGA target platforms and enable simulation
Push FPGA design to aggressive timing and utilization targets
Collaborate with ASIC design, systems, and software teams on the embedded FPGA design
Develop tooling and debug hooks for real-time hardware visibility
Contribute to pre-silicon and post-silicon validation and bringup
Develop CICD infrastructure for production firmware release

Qualifications

BS in EECS (or related discipline)
Expertise in developing and adapting RTL to FPGA from major vendors (i.e. AMD and Intel) 
Proficient in SystemVerilogVerilog, C, python, tcl, bash scripting
Familiarity with tool flows such as Vivado, Quartus Prime, Libero, and Synplify
Constraint capture, design analysis and advance timing closure techniques
Driverfirmware development experience
Comfortable in a lab environment working with scopes, analyzers, and other equipment
Architectural and design knowledge of DDR, PCIe, and Ethernet
Experience to RTOS, RISC-V, or ML is a plus
Strong collaborator as we believe in no boundaries and collaboration across the entire organization with access to all levels and departments 

 
Annual Salary Range and Level
The base salary for this position ranges from 120,000year up to 160,000year. This range is based on role, level, and location and reflects the salary target for new hires in the US. Individual pay within the range will depend on a number of factors, including a candidates job-related qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location.
 
Benefits Summary
SambaNova offers a competitive total rewards package, including the base salary, plus equity and benefits. We cover 95 premium coverage for employee medical insurance, and 80 premium coverage for dependents and offer a Health Savings Account (HSA) with employer contribution. We also offer Dental, Vision, ShortLong term Disability, Basic Life, Voluntary Life, and ADD insurance plans in addition to Flexible Spending Account (FSA) options like Health Care, Limited Purpose, and Dependent Care. Our library of well-being benefits includes a full subscription to Headspace, access to One Medical, counseling services with an Employee Assistance Program, and much more.
LISubmission Guidelines
Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 
If you are a new, recent (within the last two years), or upcoming college graduate and are interested in opportunities with SambaNova Systems, please apply through our university job listings.EEO Policy
SambaNova Systems is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national originancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.Customers turn to SambaNova to quickly deploy state-of-the-art generative AI capabilities within the enterprise. Our purpose-built enterprise-scale AI platform is the technology backbone for the next generation of AI computing.Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, SambaNova Systems was founded in 2017 by industry luminaries, and hardware and software design experts from SunOracle and Stanford University. Investors include SoftBank Vision Fund 2, funds and accounts managed by BlackRock, Intel Capital, GV, Walden International, Temasek, GIC, Redline Capital, Atlantic Bridge Ventures, Celesta, and several others. Visit us at sambanova.ai. Follow SambaNova Systems on Linkedin.