The era of pervasive AI has arrived.  In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.
SambaNova Suite is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.Working at SambaNova
This role presents a unique opportunity to shape the future of AI and the value it can unlock across every aspect of an organizations business and operations As customers adopt and implement AI solutions, this individual contributor will provide technical leadership and support for SambaNova Systems products. This is a high-visibility position where the individual contributor will be a customer engineer who works with our most strategic customers in the region. This role allows for both external and internal collaboration across the customer, engineering, and product to ensure a smooth customer support experience. 
Job Description 
SambaNova is hiring a post-sales Customer Engineer who will be responsible for the success of specific customers as they deploy solutions with SambaNova Systems. You will work with identified customers to make sure everything involving their deployment and interactions goes smoothly.  
The ideal candidate will have extensive, hands-on experience in system engineering, software, and managing technical customer relationships in enterprise or cloud systems or software, paired with strong relationship and collaborative skills to engage with others and achieve outstanding customer success.

Experience with AIML market, customer needs, and technologies
Expertise with system engineering concepts
Exceptional customer relationship skills
Experience with both hardware and software technologies
Hands-on technical deployment skills
Superior analytical and problem-solving skills
Team-oriented and collaborative by nature
Ability to address multiple internal and external stakeholders clearly and concisely
Ability to manage multiple tasks with competing priorities

This individual will be responsible for:

Own customer-related technical activities and relationships, including product adoption and implementation, support, etc.  
Be a trusted advisor and key technical resource for identified customers
Become an expert in SambaNova Systems products
Resolve technical problems where possible and work with development to deliver solutions for advanced issues
Complete technical work with a wide variety of internal and external stakeholders in a timely and efficient manner
Communicate effectively with a diverse audience of internal and external stakeholders
Translate business cases and requirements into appropriate technical solutions 
Demonstrate, architect, design and deliver solutions with SambaNova Systems with appropriate value propositions and technical merit
Gather customer feedback and communicate back to the engineering team in a prioritized manner to influence bug fixes and next-generation products
Present and demonstrate SambaNova Systems at external community events like trade shows and conferences
Assist with creating and maintaining product documentation, best practices, demos, and other customer-facing documentation
Travel to customers and trade shows as required
Some responsibility for off-hours support during significant events as required

 Basic Qualifications

Bachelors degree with a technical focus
Minimum 5 years experience with external customers
Travel to customer site occasionally

Additional Required Qualifications

Hands-on troubleshooting of deep learning models for accuracy, performance, and other important customer attributes
Deep learning in NLP or CV; proof-of-concepts and solutions are a plus
Python and PyTorch experience for a minimum of 2 years
Experience with systems, including Linux OS and hardware

Preferred Qualifications

Experience working in a high-growth startup
A team player who demonstrates humility
Action-oriented with a focus on speed and results
Ability to thrive in a no-boundaries culture and make an impact on innovation

Annual Salary Range and Level
The base salary for this position ranges from 145,000.00year up to 180,000.00year. This range is based on role, level, and location and reflects the salary target for new hires in the US. Individual pay within the range will depend on several factors, including a candidates job-related qualifications, skills, competencies, experience, and location.
Benefits Summary
SambaNova offers a competitive total rewards package, including the base salary plus equity and benefits. We cover 95 premium coverage for employee medical insurance and 80 premium coverage for dependents, and we offer a Health Savings Account (HSA) with employer contribution. We also offer dental, vision, ShortLong term disability, basic life, voluntary life, and ADD insurance plans, in addition to flexible spending account (FSA) options like health care, limited purpose, and dependent care. Our library of well-being benefits includes a full subscription to Headspace, access to One Medical, counseling services with an Employee Assistance Program, and much more.
LI-TD1Submission Guidelines
Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 
If you are a new, recent (within the last two years), or upcoming college graduate and are interested in opportunities with SambaNova Systems, please apply through our university job listings.EEO Policy
SambaNova Systems is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national originancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.Customers turn to SambaNova to quickly deploy state-of-the-art generative AI capabilities within the enterprise. Our purpose-built enterprise-scale AI platform is the technology backbone for the next generation of AI computing.Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, SambaNova Systems was founded in 2017 by industry luminaries, and hardware and software design experts from SunOracle and Stanford University. Investors include SoftBank Vision Fund 2, funds and accounts managed by BlackRock, Intel Capital, GV, Walden International, Temasek, GIC, Redline Capital, Atlantic Bridge Ventures, Celesta, and several others. Visit us at sambanova.ai. Follow SambaNova Systems on Linkedin.