The era of pervasive AI has arrived.  In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.
SambaNova Suite is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.Working at SambaNova
SambaNovas mission is to be the number 1 platform for business AI. We are a full-stack provider of AI-specific chips, software, and models that come together to help every organization accelerate their AI journey.
This role presents a unique opportunity to shape the future of AI and the value it can unlock across every aspect of an organizations business and operations. As customers evaluate and implement AI solutions, this individual contributor will provide technical leadership and guidance about SambaNova Systems products. This is a high-visibility position where the individual contributor will be a solutions engineer that works with our most strategic accounts in the region. This role allows for both external and internal collaboration across sales, development, and product to ensure a smooth prospect evaluation and buying experience. 
 
Job Description 
SambaNova is hiring a Solutions Engineer (a.k.a. Sales Engineer or Customer Engineer) who will be responsible for the success of specific prospects as they discover and evaluate solutions with SambaNova Systems. You will work with sales and prospect stakeholders to make sure everything involving their technical evaluation and buying experience goes smoothly.  
The ideal candidate will have extensive, hands-on experience in solution architecture, prototype development, and managing technical customer relationships in enterprise, cloud systems, or software, paired with strong relationship and collaborative skills to engage with others and achieve trusted advisor status.
 
This individual will be responsible for:

Building and maintaining technical relationships with prospective clients
Technical discovery, qualification, and impact quantification. Aid prospective clients in understanding the benefits and path to adoption of SambaNova Systems
Managing and executing prototypePoC development and driving prospective clients to a technical win
White space analysis and solution design with prospective clients about how AI can solve their unique business challenges or enhance their business insight
Represent SambaNova at trade shows and industry events

 
Basic Qualifications

Bachelors in Computer Science, Data Engineering, or related fields or equivalent experience
Minimum of 5 years of customer-facing experience. Strong preference for AIML focused
Ability to travel up to 50 nationally and internationally
Willingness to support a global business, requiring flexibility in working hours

 
Additional Required Qualifications

Experience with AIML model development, porting, and optimization
Experience with AIML model performance analysis, development of PoCsevaluations of models
Basic Linux system administration and maintenance
Familiarity with server system deployment concernsrequirements in data centers
Experience with API-driven integration and solution design
A take-charge attitude with a desire to own the success of the prospects technical buying experience and willingness to partner with sales staff in message crafting and delivery
Experience in a consultative or technical sales environment
A team player who demonstrates humility and a desire to collaborate with teammates around the world to design better customer solutions and experiences
Experience developing full stack web applications to a prototype level, ideally with React and JavaScript but any web programming languageframework is acceptable
A current or lapsed Solution Architect or Enterprise Architect certification from any provider
Experience with AWS, GCP, or other MLOps platformscapabilities

 
Preferred Qualifications

Experience working in a high-growth startup
A team player who demonstrates humility
Action-oriented with a focus on speed  results
Ability to thrive in a no-boundaries culture  make an impact on innovation

LI-TD1

 Submission Guidelines
Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 
If you are a new, recent (within the last two years), or upcoming college graduate and are interested in opportunities with SambaNova Systems, please apply through our university job listings.EEO Policy
SambaNova Systems is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national originancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.Customers turn to SambaNova to quickly deploy state-of-the-art generative AI capabilities within the enterprise. Our purpose-built enterprise-scale AI platform is the technology backbone for the next generation of AI computing.Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, SambaNova Systems was founded in 2017 by industry luminaries, and hardware and software design experts from SunOracle and Stanford University. Investors include SoftBank Vision Fund 2, funds and accounts managed by BlackRock, Intel Capital, GV, Walden International, Temasek, GIC, Redline Capital, Atlantic Bridge Ventures, Celesta, and several others. Visit us at sambanova.ai. Follow SambaNova Systems on Linkedin.