The era of pervasive AI has arrived.  In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.
SambaNova Suite is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.Working at SambaNova
SambaNovas mission is to be the number 1 platform for business AI. We are a full-stack provider of AI-specific chips, software, and models that come together to help every organization accelerate their AI journey.
This role presents a unique opportunity to engage with partners and shape the future of AI and the value it can unlock across every aspect of an organizations business and operations.
Job Description 
SambaNova is hiring an Enterprise Sales Executive based in Dubai, UAE. The successful candidate will join our fast-paced team responsible for driving revenue growth and product adoption.
The ideal candidate will be an experienced enterprise seller with proven capability with AI and related technologies, be deeply excited about the potential of AI, and have a passion for helping customers understand the value proposition SambaNova brings.
In addition, you have the ability to think strategically about the business, category, and technical challenges, with a skill-set that drives the tactical execution of sales and business development goals.
This individual will be responsible for:

Key technology leader, trusted advisor, and influencer in shaping customer decisions to buy and adopt SambaNova solutions.
Leverage existing relationships to accelerate SambaNovas engagement with target customers
Develop a strategy for the region based on SambaNovas capabilities and the specific needs of key customers and industries, including working with the Marketing, Events, Press, and Analyst teams
Execute on strategy to quickly deliver wins and footprint expansion
Be a vocal advocate for customers needs and top use cases within the larger SambaNova Go to Market team
Lead presentations and solution demonstrations to customers, media, and analysts to explain and prove to our largest customers the capabilities of SambaNovas solutions, and how we can make their organizations more successful
Inform and influence our go-to-market strategies by providing feedback to marketing and engineering on current and future product requirements and sales blockers
Act as a leader in a fast-paced, fast-growing team at the heart of the AI-led technology transformation

Basic Qualifications

Bachelors Degree 
7  years of enterprise sales experience in a related industry
Previous experience in AI

Additional Required Qualifications

Experience and expertise selling to senior business decision-makers by aligning and reinforcing the value of the solution to the customers overall business pain andor strategic opportunities and decision criteria
Understanding of SambaNovas product suite. The position requires the ability to articulate and demonstrate the business value of SambaNovas solutions and have a firm understanding of our strategies and products relative to major competitors
Trusted relationships in the region and a proven track record of developing new executive relationships

Preferred Qualifications

Experience working in a high-growth startup
A team player who demonstrates humility
Action-oriented with a focus on speed  results
Ability to thrive in a no-boundaries culture and make an impact on innovation

LI-TD1Submission Guidelines
Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 
If you are a new, recent (within the last two years), or upcoming college graduate and are interested in opportunities with SambaNova Systems, please apply through our university job listings.EEO Policy
SambaNova Systems is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national originancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.Customers turn to SambaNova to quickly deploy state-of-the-art generative AI capabilities within the enterprise. Our purpose-built enterprise-scale AI platform is the technology backbone for the next generation of AI computing.Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, SambaNova Systems was founded in 2017 by industry luminaries, and hardware and software design experts from SunOracle and Stanford University. Investors include SoftBank Vision Fund 2, funds and accounts managed by BlackRock, Intel Capital, GV, Walden International, Temasek, GIC, Redline Capital, Atlantic Bridge Ventures, Celesta, and several others. Visit us at sambanova.ai. Follow SambaNova Systems on Linkedin.