The era of pervasive AI has arrived.  In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.
SambaNova Suite is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.Working at SambaNova
This is a unique opportunity to shape the future of AI and the value it can unlock across every aspect of an organizations business and operations. This job opens pathways for high growth but requires a learning mindset. 
Job Type: Contract 
Duration: 3-6 months with the possibility of conversion to full-time employment.
Schedule: Flexible 8-hour shifts Monday through Friday between the hours of 8:00am to 8:00pm Pacific Time, with occasional nights andor weekends as needed for high priority work.
Work setting: In-person, in-office (Palo Alto, CA)
 
Responsibilities 
SambaNova Systems is seeking a Product Test Technician Contractor to perform set-up and testingcalibration of system test equipment. In this position, you will operate a chip-level test setup to run passfail of packaged semiconductor chips.

Work closely with hardware design engineers to test and validate hardware, provide input on designs to ensure that it meets Sambanovas standards of quality and reliability
Execute test plans for highly complex platforms (e.g., validating the interaction of multiple pieces of equipment at the subsystem and rack levels), diagnose highly complex hardware or software issues.
Work to apply unique hardware modifications to prototypes, perform design andor modified hardware validation, and compile test reports and test data into various documentation formats, and present these to engineering teams
Perform inventory tracking of all electrical lab equipment within labs.
Assist with shipping, receiving, and equipment logistical duties for the labs

 
Basic Qualifications

Associate Degree or equivalent in Electronics 
Minimum 2 years of industry experience with electrical troubleshooting, debugging, electrical and mechanical assembly

 
Additional Required Qualifications

Experience in handling highly ESD-sensitive chips and systems
Basic knowledge and understanding of digital circuits and systems
Ability to run GUI-based test program and text-based command lines
Some Linux administration knowledge and experience to set up user space and network requirements
Experience with Excel  spreadsheets
Passion, diligence, integrity, and can-do attitude
Team player with excellent conversational and written communication skills
Strong organizational skills
Ability to perform the testing independently with minimal supervision
Willing and able to lift and assist moving heavier equipment and items weighing up to 35 pounds

 
Annual Salary Range and Level
The base wage for this position ranges from 30.00hour up to 50.00hour. This range is based on role, level, and location and reflects the salary target for new hires in the US. Individual pay within the range will depend on a number of factors, including a candidates job-related qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location.
The targeted pay range listed reflects the base pay only and does not include bonus, equity, or benefits. This opportunity is a contract role of 3-6 months with the possibility of conversion to full-time employment.
 
LI-SB1Submission Guidelines
Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 
If you are a new, recent (within the last two years), or upcoming college graduate and are interested in opportunities with SambaNova Systems, please apply through our university job listings.EEO Policy
SambaNova Systems is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national originancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.Customers turn to SambaNova to quickly deploy state-of-the-art generative AI capabilities within the enterprise. Our purpose-built enterprise-scale AI platform is the technology backbone for the next generation of AI computing.Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, SambaNova Systems was founded in 2017 by industry luminaries, and hardware and software design experts from SunOracle and Stanford University. Investors include SoftBank Vision Fund 2, funds and accounts managed by BlackRock, Intel Capital, GV, Walden International, Temasek, GIC, Redline Capital, Atlantic Bridge Ventures, Celesta, and several others. Visit us at sambanova.ai. Follow SambaNova Systems on Linkedin.