The era of pervasive AI has arrived.  In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.
SambaNova Suite is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.Job Summary
We are looking for a world-class engineering leader to manage a team of talented Machine Learning engineers and researchers driving the development  innovation of our vision technology. One must thrive in a fast-paced environment, where youll work closely with cross-functional teams to optimize performance and drive velocity. Leveraging cutting-edge techniques, you will play a vital  role in our overall success in deploying state of the art AI capabilities all around the globe.
Responsibilities 

Lead and manage a high-performing team of machine learning engineers in a fast-paced environment, providing technical guidance, mentorship, and support to drive their professional growth and development.
Oversee the rapid development and implementation of machine learning models, leveraging advanced algorithms and techniques to optimize performance.
Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including product managers, software engineers, and data engineers, to deliver data-driven insights and recommendations that enhance our solutions in an agile environment.
Stay at the forefront of industry trends, emerging technologies, and best practices in machine learning, vision and MLOps. Apply this knowledge to drive innovation, meet tight deadlines, and maintain a competitive edge.
Establish and maintain strong relationships with stakeholders, providing clear  communication of technical concepts and findings to both technical and non-technical audiences.

Skills  Qualifications

Masters or PhD in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Computer Science, Statistics, or a related discipline.
8 years of experience in Machine Learning, with a focus in vision.
2 years proven success in leading and managing a team of 5 or more ML engineers, driving their professional growth and delivering impactful projects.
Strong expertise in machine learning algorithms, and data analysis techniques.
Proficiency in Python, with hands-on experience using machine learning libraries and frameworks such as Pytorch, Tensorflow, or JAX. 
Strong communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to effectively convey technical concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders in a fast-paced context.
Experience and familiarity with production ML environments, including model release, evaluation and monitoring. 

Preferred Qualifications

Track record of published ML papers andor blogs.
Track record of engagement with open-source ML community.
Experience with Vision applications in AI for Science, Oil and Gas, or medical imaging. 
Experience with Vision and Multi-modal foundation models such as Stable Diffusion, ViT and CLIP.
Experience with performance optimization of ML models.
2 years of experience in a startup environment.

Annual Salary Range and Level
The base salary for this position ranges from 190,000year up to 215,000year. This range is based on role, level, and location and reflects the salary target for new hires in the US. Individual pay within the range will depend on a number of factors, including a candidates job-related qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location.
Benefits Summary
SambaNova offers a competitive total rewards package, including the base salary, plus equity and benefits. We cover 95 premium coverage for employee medical insurance, and 80 premium coverage for dependents and offer a Health Savings Account(HSA) with employer contribution. We also offer Dental, Vision, ShortLong term Disability, Basic Life, Voluntary Life and ADD insurance plans in addition to Flexible Spending Account(FSA) options like Health Care, Limited Purpose, and Dependent Care. Our library of well-being benefits includes a full subscription to Headspace, access to One Medical, counseling services with an Employee Assistance Program, and much more.Submission Guidelines
Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 
If you are a new, recent (within the last two years), or upcoming college graduate and are interested in opportunities with SambaNova Systems, please apply through our university job listings.EEO Policy
SambaNova Systems is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national originancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.Customers turn to SambaNova to quickly deploy state-of-the-art generative AI capabilities within the enterprise. Our purpose-built enterprise-scale AI platform is the technology backbone for the next generation of AI computing.Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, SambaNova Systems was founded in 2017 by industry luminaries, and hardware and software design experts from SunOracle and Stanford University. Investors include SoftBank Vision Fund 2, funds and accounts managed by BlackRock, Intel Capital, GV, Walden International, Temasek, GIC, Redline Capital, Atlantic Bridge Ventures, Celesta, and several others. Visit us at sambanova.ai. Follow SambaNova Systems on Linkedin.