The era of pervasive AI has arrived.  In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.
SambaNova Suite is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.Working at SambaNova
This is a unique opportunity to shape the future of AI and the value it can unlock across every aspect of an organizations business and operations. This job opens pathways for high growth, but requires a learning mindset. 
Job Type: Contract 
Duration: 3-6 months with the possibility of conversion to full-time employment.
Schedule: Flexible 8-hour shifts Monday through Friday between the hours of 8:00am to 8:00pm Pacific Time, with occasional nights andor weekends as needed for high priority work.
Work setting: In-person, in-office (Palo Alto, CA) 80 of the time
 
Responsibilities 
SambaNova Systems is seeking a Design Validation Test (DVT)  Sustaining Engineer - Hardware Systems (Contractor). The person in this role will be responsible for:

Validating the boardsystem for highly complex compute servers during prototype stages
Driving external resourcespartners to ensure all aspects of the hardware designs have been validated
Triaging sustainingmanufacturing issues at the Contract Manufacturers (CMs)
Troubleshooting and resolving issues
Fixing bugs and ongoing maintenance:

Analyze reported defects and prioritize them based on severity and impact
Develop and test bug fixes to ensure stability and correctness
Apply patches and updates to address critical issues and vulnerabilities

Sharing documentation and knowledge:

Maintain clear and comprehensive documentation of issue resolutions, workarounds, and best practices
Share knowledge and insights with fellow engineers, enabling faster issue resolution and continuous improvement

Collaborating closely with customer support teams to address customer-reported issues and provide timely solutions

Participate in support escalation processes to resolve critical customer issues

Collaborating with development teams to implement and validate approved changes 
Practicing continuous improvement:

Proactively identify opportunities to enhance the stability, performance, and usability of the product
Contribute to process improvements and initiatives that lead to better product quality and reliability


 
Basic Qualifications

BS degree in EE
Minimum 10 years of relevant industry experience

 
Additional Required Qualifications

Demonstrated experience analyzing reported defects and prioritizing them based on severity and impact
Experience identifying root-causes of problems, troubleshooting, and developing and testing bug fixes
Experience applying patches and updates to address critical issues and vulnerabilities
Experience maintaining clear and comprehensive documentation of issue resolutions, workarounds, and best practices
Experience sharing knowledge and insights with fellow engineers, enabling faster issue resolution and continuous improvement.

 
Annual Salary Range and Level
The base wage for this position ranges from 90.00hour up to 100.00hour. This range is based on role, level, and location and reflects the salary target for new hires in the US. Individual pay within the range will depend on a number of factors, including a candidates job-related qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location.
The targeted pay range listed reflects the base pay only and does not include bonus, equity, or benefits. This opportunity is a contract role of 3-6 months with the possibility of conversion to full-time employment.
LI-SB1Submission Guidelines
Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 
If you are a new, recent (within the last two years), or upcoming college graduate and are interested in opportunities with SambaNova Systems, please apply through our university job listings.EEO Policy
SambaNova Systems is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national originancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.Customers turn to SambaNova to quickly deploy state-of-the-art generative AI capabilities within the enterprise. Our purpose-built enterprise-scale AI platform is the technology backbone for the next generation of AI computing.Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, SambaNova Systems was founded in 2017 by industry luminaries, and hardware and software design experts from SunOracle and Stanford University. Investors include SoftBank Vision Fund 2, funds and accounts managed by BlackRock, Intel Capital, GV, Walden International, Temasek, GIC, Redline Capital, Atlantic Bridge Ventures, Celesta, and several others. Visit us at sambanova.ai. Follow SambaNova Systems on Linkedin.