The era of pervasive AI has arrived.  In this era, organizations will use generative AI to unlock hidden value in their data, accelerate processes, reduce costs, drive efficiency and innovation to fundamentally transform their businesses and operations at scale.
SambaNova Suite is the first full-stack, generative AI platform, from chip to model, optimized for enterprise and government organizations. Powered by the intelligent SN40L chip, the SambaNova Suite is a fully integrated platform, delivered on-premises or in the cloud, combined with state-of-the-art open-source models that can be easily and securely fine-tuned using customer data for greater accuracy. Once adapted with customer data, customers retain model ownership in perpetuity, so they can turn generative AI into one of their most valuable assets.Working at SambaNova
This role presents a unique opportunity to shape the future of AI and the value it can unlock across every aspect of an organizations business and operations. As the Technical Program Manager you will facilitate successful ownership and management of the service delivery in a cloud and hybrid deployment model. You will work closely with developers and SREs (Site Reliability Engineers), helping create infrastructure delivery roadmaps and managing their execution in an agile manner. 
The Technical Program Manager will be the key point of contact for successful execution of the  Service operations and SRE deliverables, and a key interface to cross functional stakeholders. The role will require a fair amount of interaction with customers and partners.
 
Job Description 
SambaNova is hiring a Technical Program Manager - Service Operations and Site Reliability Engineer to define and lead the delivery of high performance AI platforms and services to our customers and partners.
 
This individual will be responsible for:

Lead cross-functional operations and infrastructure programsprojects to ensure timely and efficient delivery of SambaNovas platforms and services to customers and partners
Actively engage with multiple stakeholder teams to streamline our delivery capabilities
Provide hands-on program management through the service lifecycle, accountable for identifying and overcoming end-to-end, cross-functional problems in technical domains across infrastructure, platform and service delivery
Participate in deep architectural discussions to ensure operationally ready solutions, and drive towards successful deployment with the right stakeholders
Publish regular reports to maintain visibility and accountability across multiple programs with a key focus on positive customer impact
Find innovative ways to measure and improve efficiency, leading to improved velocity and higher quality outcomes
Maintain strong communication with the right stakeholders, manage escalations and drive issue resolution
Be the problem solver, willing to jump in and deliver exceptional results

 
Basic Qualifications

BS in any engineering discipline 
8 years of technical program management experience in service provider or cloud service provider environments

 
Additional Required Qualifications

Technical depth in infrastructure delivery, knowledge of cloud native platforms, automation and the ability to drive projects independently
Strong understanding of web scale infrastructure deployment and management requirements with experience coordinating across global data center deployments
Exceptional program management skills with high attention to detail
Strong ability to understand and discuss technical concepts, manage trade offs, and evaluate alternative ideas with internal and external stakeholders
Strong analytical skills, with the ability to leverage data to back up recommendations and decisions
Ability to work with both technical and non-technical stakeholders, including at the executive level
Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive with a roll up your sleeves mentality
Knowledge of Jira  Confluence and other tools for building dashboards
Ability and willingness to work with global teams spread across multiple time zones
Familiarity with concepts of Machine Learning, High Performance Computing or related areas would be a significant advantage

 
Preferred Qualifications

Experience working in a high-growth startup
A team player who demonstrates humility
Action-oriented with a focus on speed  results
Ability to thrive in a no-boundaries culture  make an impact on innovation

 
Annual Salary Range and Level
The base salary for this position ranges from 165,000.00year up to 210,000.00year. This range is based on role, level, and location and reflects the salary target for new hires in the US. Individual pay within the range will depend on a number of factors, including a candidates job-related qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location.
 
Benefits Summary
SambaNova offers a competitive total rewards package, including the base salary, plus equity and benefits. We cover 95 premium coverage for employee medical insurance, and 80 premium coverage for dependents and offer a Health Savings Account(HSA) with employer contribution. We also offer Dental, Vision, ShortLong term Disability, Basic Life, Voluntary Life and ADD insurance plans in addition to Flexible Spending Account(FSA) options like Health Care, Limited Purpose, and Dependent Care. Our library of well-being benefits includes a full subscription to Headspace, access to One Medical, counseling services with an Employee Assistance Program, and much more.
LI-TD1Submission Guidelines
Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at SambaNova Systems, you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. 
If you are a new, recent (within the last two years), or upcoming college graduate and are interested in opportunities with SambaNova Systems, please apply through our university job listings.EEO Policy
SambaNova Systems is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national originancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.Customers turn to SambaNova to quickly deploy state-of-the-art generative AI capabilities within the enterprise. Our purpose-built enterprise-scale AI platform is the technology backbone for the next generation of AI computing.Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, SambaNova Systems was founded in 2017 by industry luminaries, and hardware and software design experts from SunOracle and Stanford University. Investors include SoftBank Vision Fund 2, funds and accounts managed by BlackRock, Intel Capital, GV, Walden International, Temasek, GIC, Redline Capital, Atlantic Bridge Ventures, Celesta, and several others. Visit us at sambanova.ai. Follow SambaNova Systems on Linkedin.