Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
The Samsara Product Marketing team is looking for an experienced and dynamic Senior Product Marketing Manager to drive success of our Video-Based Safety products. This role will build compelling messaging and positioning through customer centric storytelling and thought leadership that will build our top of funnel strategy. This role will also accelerate adoption of our Video-Based Safety products and will build internal programs and processes to up-level our team.
The ideal candidate is a self-starter with experience in B2B product marketing who can work with our product business units and go-to-market teams to drive awareness, deepen engagement, and accelerate growth of our safety products as a subject matter expert and voice of the product. This role will keep on market trends, incorporating fresh ideas and insights to messaging. The ideal candidate can also build rapport with executive customer audiences.
At Samsara, the Product Marketing team is responsible for launching over 100 new hardware and software products to our customers, buyers, and internal teams each year. We partner closely with product, sales, customer success, and broader marketing teams to ensure that all of our products resonate and we can grow market share in our target industries and geographies.
Your work will not only have a direct impact on the future of Samsaras largest product line, but will also impact Samsaras long-term growth goals. This role is for you if you pride yourself on your creative problem-solving skills, make the right call using a data-driven approach, can execute quickly to support a fast-growing market, enjoy working with various teams and leaders, and are excited to learn new skills.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Define and manage end-to-end GTM strategy for a new product area, including messaging, positioning, launch planning, sales enablement, and customer adoption
Create messaging that showcases Samsaras differentiation and unique story to diverse audiences through product launches and programs. The results can range from keynote presentations, to hands-on workshops, to customer-centric videos, and more.
Drive creative, multi-channel marketing campaigns and enablement that resonate with internal and external audience 
Build product marketing programs and frameworks to promote Samsaras products and services, internally and externally, and drive organizational excellence.
Develop insights based on product usage data, voice of customer, market and competitive research, and industry trends and translate those insights into actionable recommendations that promote business objectives and drive tangible results.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.

Minimum requirements for the role:

5 years of relevant experience in product marketing, solution marketing, growth marketing, product management, or go-to-market strategy.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills; youre comfortable presenting to internal and external audiences (including to executives) and are an expert at creating and editing everything from pithy emails to detailed launch plans to researched white-papers, customer surveys and more. 
Ability to synthesize and distill complex information into clear, concise messaging for different audiences. 
Experience in high-growth technology companies andor fast-paced startups; youre happiest operating without a set playbook and hold yourself to a high standard of excellence. 
Strong cross-functional leader;you have on-the-job experience managing and communicating complex projects with many stakeholders.  
Youre detail-oriented, yet can think big picture; analytical, yet creative; and a self-starter who is not afraid to execute and get in the weeds. 
Dynamic, confident, can-do personality with ability to successfully drive projects with minimal guidance.
Creative thinker that can generate new ideas and experiments, and execute on innovative breakout marketing ideas.

An ideal candidate also has:

Experience in B2B product marketing who works with a high sense of urgency and driven work ethic to drive business outcomes.
Analytical chops to understand data and measure the effectiveness of marketing programs.
Desire to conduct product, customer, and market research and distill insights cross functionally in an effective manner.
Experience in building marketing programs and managing multiple stakeholders to execute them.
Has accelerated product growth.
Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.111,520—164,000 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.