Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:The Director, Sales Program Management will prioritize, implement, and lead large-scale transformational projects across the Sales organization. This role requires a passion for streamlining project plans, centralizing processes, and optimizing change management. Successful candidates have a strong analytical business acumen, a curiosity to improve operations, and a demonstrated ability to build strong cross-functional alignment.We are looking for candidates who will champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.In this role, you will:

Build program management capabilities to effectively manage complex projects and cross-functional stakeholders
Standardize the process for prioritizing and setting timelines for strategic Sales Operations initiatives that deliver value for our customers and our business
Develop and scale standardized operating models for intake, program, and project management 
Translate big-picture business requirements from corporate and strategic priorities into detailed, execution-oriented project plans to drive Sales Operations deliverables 
Spearhead and launch our highest priority projects with an expert approach to internal and cross-functional change management
Identify and tackle our toughest operational problems through processes, tools, and dashboards that scale
Collaborate with colleagues in Sales and other departments, such as Marketing, Finance, Product, and Systems to drive an outsized impact
Launch post-mortems and work with stakeholders to iterate and improve outcomes for Samsara and our customers
Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team

Minimum requirements for this role:

10 years of progressive responsibility as a project and program manager, ideally in a SaaS environment or sales operations role
Proven track record launching transformational, cross-functional projects that measurably increase team productivity andor customer outcomes
Ability to ramp up quickly on business priorities and derive insights from data to inform judgements
Proven track record of building trust and communicating effectively with a wide variety of stakeholders: executives, functional leadership, frontline managers
Diplomacy, tact, and poise under pressure when working through issues
Experience implementing a standardized prioritization process is highly preferred
Bachelors degree from a 4-year institution

An ideal candidate also has:

Project Management Certifications andor an MBA is a plus
Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.186,944—292,100 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.