Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
The Smart Trailers and Connected Equipment team builds amazing solutions for all Samsara customers, regardless of industry segment. The Samsara Smart Trailer portfolio targets fleet operations that utilize any type of trailer, including Dry Van, Chassis, Flatbed and Reefers. This portfolio includes a range of hardware and software that enables trailer-only and mixed fleets to improve visibility, reduce costs, and optimize fleet operations. 
The product management team is the steward of our complete customer journey, ensuring acquisition, onboarding and engagement experiences across all surfaces (web, mobile, API), are best-in-class.
This team:

Interacts regularly with customers to receiveprovide feedback loops on critical feature development and enhancements.
Leverages competitive intelligence to strategically grow the Samsara moat.
Shepherds investments from concept through release management, including all GTM motions along the way.
Continuously balances a complex set of priorities, serving existing customers with requested enhancements and building new functionality across multiple product areas.

As a Staff Product Manager, you will join an experienced product team that is building Smart Trailer solutions, and will play a critical role on this team alongside engineering, design, product, platform, GTM and field leaders at Samsara to drive this portfolio forward.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Discover, distill and articulate our Smart Trailer business, in terms of opportunity and customer priorities. 
Work jointly with existing Smart Trailer product managers and engineering to maintain a multi-quarter roadmap with measurable goals to ensure delivery of the required experiences.
Interface with customers to ensure that we reach the outcomes required for their ultimate success. Define product requirements for user-facing capabilities, and serve as the voice of the customer in trade-off discussions and decision-making forums.
Establish a long term monetization strategy for the Smart Trailer portfolio to package sources of customer value, aligned with other aspects of the Samsara portfolio.
Partner with Product, Platform and Engineering teams to identify dependencies or forward-looking risks that must be mitigated to ensure our success.
Support and advance the Smart Trailer product marketing initiatives, playing a key role in content development, sales and customer presentations.
Be data-driven, understanding customer segments, feature usage and success metrics, to ensure our goals are achieved.
Contribute to the practice of product management at Samsara to help drive hyper-growth at scale.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.

Minimum requirements for the role:

10 years in a senior product management role, having delivered a range of products or features with varying complexity, attributed to specific business outcomes, and delivering value for Enterprise customers.
Strong analytical skills to evaluate and interpret large datasets and make informed conclusions.
Ability to establish strong credibility with engineering leadership, understand system dependencies and navigatenegotiate trade-offs.
Experience working in a customer-focused environment. Demonstrated ability to establish trust and credibility with customers, with a knack for gleaning customer insights from quantitative and qualitative data.
A proven track-record of delivering outstanding results, managing significant complexity and bold timelines. You have a bias-to-action and are not afraid to get your hands dirty.
Advanced organizational skills, attention to detail, and excellent communication skills. Must be comfortable presenting to customers, executives, and internal audiences, adjusting your communication style based on your audience.

An ideal candidate also has:

Experience building products and solutions that span hardware and cloud software, serving fleet operations including trailers.
Advanced degree in a technical discipline (computer science, engineering, etc.) andor in Business  Marketing. 
Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.141,760—221,500 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.