Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the Role
Samsara has several emerging Channel programs that have the potential to drive significant growth for the company. Some of these include our Insurance Partners, Resale Partners, Referral Partners, and Technology Integration Partners. 
As a Partnership Sales Engineer, you will be working closely with our Partner Account managers and be responsible for leading technology conversations with existing and potential Partners and customers. 
Being able to navigate what is needed to create success for the Partner is essential. This person will be an expert with Samsara products, features, and APIs. Using their expertise, this person will be expected to do deep discovery into the Partner environment to: (A) find solution fit, (B) determine integration level of effort, and (C) assess further technology driven revenue opportunities. It will be common to need to learn a Partners ecosystem by learning their products and processes and relating that back into opportunities with Samsaras solution set.
This is a dynamic, entrepreneurial role that requires working cross-functionally to build partner engagements from scratch. The role (and team) has strong potential for growth along with our partner programs.
The role is remote but based in Mexico City.

You should apply if: 

You want to make a difference: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
Your mantra is alwaysbeprospecting: The world of operations is vast. Your customers are often out in the field and the best way to catch them is live on the phone. Samsaras top reps do constant research to find companies and contacts to expand their pipeline. 
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day youll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact. 
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and havent been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsaras high-performance culture means youll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before. 

This may not be the right role for you if: 

You arent willing to put in the work: Samsara sales are complex. You will need to learn about businesses where you previously had little knowledge. The payoff is big but you have to be willing to put in the work. 
You arent a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
You have nothing more to learn: Every Samsarian has a growth mindset and believes that what got us here wont get us there.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will focus on

Driving engagement with our Mexico based Partners.
Finding solution fit with Partners and foster new technology focused opportunities
Developing relationships with key Partners, and become an expert on Partner environments and solutions
Working closely with Product Management, and other relevant teams, to develop and maintain integrations with Partners. Influence product development and be a partner advocate
Delivering presentations, demos, proof of value, trainings, and overall being a technical resource for Partners and Customer facing teams
Enabling internal teams to utilize and sell Partner integrations and solutions
Preparing technical resources for internal and external use. This may include solution proposals, training or enablement materials to help others better understand how Samsara and the Partner solution works together
Sampling the partner experience first hand: meet with partners and attend events. 50 travel may be required
Ability to impactfully demonstrate the value proposition of Samsaras products and services along with the platforms core capabilities on-site, remotely via webinar sessions, or at field events such as conferences and trade shows
Willingness to travel to visit and support partners, their related prospects and customers, and to engage in onsite customer and partner installation work when required
Responding to functional and technical elements of RFIsRFPs
Ability to be organized and analytical, and eliminate sales obstacles using creative and adaptive approaches
You should be comfortable working for a dynamic technical organization with a fast-growing partner and customer base
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices

Minimum requirements for this role:

5 years experience working with customerspartners in a pre-sales, customer success, or customerproduct support capacity
Possess the attitude and aptitude for continuous growth and development
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences
Previous experience managing hardware andor software product evaluations
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems
Fluency in English
Fluency in Spanish

An ideal candidate also has

BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline
Previous experience working in a Channel or Partner environment a plus, major plus in a Fleet Sales environment
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications
Strong technical and business acumen
Excellent communication (verbal and written), customer service, and interpersonal skills 
Working knowledge of various integration standards and transports (XML, REST, SOAP, EDI, etc.)
Experience integrating with RESTful APIs between SaaS applications
Exposure to various SaaS based integrations
IoT or general tinkering experience (work or hobby) a plus
Logistics, Supply Chain, Telematics, Manufacturing or general operations background a huge plus
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.