Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
Samsara is looking to grow its Enterprise Risk Management program by adding an agile and capable Senior Enterprise Risk Manager to the Legal Compliance team. Our team works closely with Internal Audit and stakeholders across the business to identify, assess, and mitigate potential risks, protect Samsaras assets, ensure compliance, and improve strategic choices.
You will play a critical role in overseeing and managing Samsaras risk management function, working with departments and executives across the company to proactively identify, assess, and mitigate risks that could impact our operations, objectives, and overall success. You will collaborate cross-functionally and provide strategic guidance to minimize risk exposure and ensure compliance with regulatory requirements.
Samsara values collaborative individuals who excel in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, can work across multiple teams and on multiple projects, can take in many inputs and communicate practical advice, and have great interpersonal skills. 
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Scale Samsaras enterprise risk management program, policies, and procedures to identify, assess, and mitigate risks across the organization as the company grows.
Conduct risk assessments and evaluate the effectiveness of existing risk management processes, controls, and strategies.
Collaborate cross-functionally to identify potential risks associated with business processes, technology systems, and operational activities.
Monitor emerging risks and industry trends to proactively identify potential threats to the organization.
Provide guidance and support to stakeholders in implementing risk mitigation plans and controls.
Prepare and present reports to senior management and executive teams on risk exposure, mitigation strategies and efforts, and key performance indicators.
Help Samsara maintain compliance with regulatory requirements and industry best practices.
Stay up to date on evolving risk management practices and technologies, and recommend improvements to enhance the effectiveness of Samsaras risk management processes.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.

Minimum requirements for the role:

Bachelors degree in business administration, finance, or a related field. 
Proven experience in enterprise risk management, with a minimum of 5 years of relevant work experience.
Strong knowledge of risk assessment methodologies and risk management practices.
Familiarity with relevant regulatory requirements, such as data privacy regulations, security standards, and industry-specific compliance frameworks.
Excellent problem-solving skills, with the ability to evaluate complex situations and make informed judgments.
Effective communication and interpersonal skills to collaborate with stakeholders at all levels.
Strong project management abilities and the capability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
Proficiency in risk management software and tools.
Teammate with a strong willingness to pitch in as necessary.
Demonstrated management skills and the ability to influence and drive change across the organization.

An ideal candidate also has:

2 years relevant experience at a Big 4 audit firm andor senior in-house risk management role.
One or more relevant accredited certifications in a relevant field, such as COSO, CERA, CPRM, CISRCP, CC(GRC)P, CRISC, or CISSP.  
Knowledge of emerging technologies and associated risks, such as cybersecurity, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence.
Willingness to address unexpected obstacles in new areas and get up to speed on potentially unfamiliar subject matter.
Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.96,016—141,200 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.