Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
The Accounts Payable (AP) Supervisor is responsible for all areas pertaining to accounts payable operations and accounting processes. Your main areas of responsibility will be managing AP operations, supervising the AP team in their day-to-day activities, and maintaining master vendor data. You will partner and collaborate with several departments within Samsara (Accounting, Operations, IT, Financial Systems, etc.) and external vendors to ensure timely and accurate processing of invoices and payments. You will be a key contributor in developing and implementing a standardized, scalable, and efficient accounts payable process and related systems while maintaining quality, accuracy, internal controls, and compliance. 
Accounts Payable is part of the overall buying process, and the role reports to the Manager of Procure to Pay. We are seeking an individual who is a stakeholder-centric business partner, acts with a sense of urgency, operates with respect, possesses excellent communication and interpersonal skills, and has motivation when faced with challenges. The individual thrives in a high-energy work environment and has a passion for creating and enhancing processes to scale and grow with the business. This role can be office-based or fully remote in Mexico.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development and countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together, and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will:

Invoice and Payment Processing

Supervise the processing of high volume invoices accurately, timely, and efficiently.
Handle invoices in multi-currency from domestic and international vendors.
Work closely with individuals at all levels of the Company to ensure timely and appropriate processing of invoices and payments in accordance with Company policies and procedures.
Assist with weekly payments runs to ensure timely payments to vendors.


Vendor Management

Address and respond to vendor inquiries via our email management tool. 
Maintain accounts payable vendor records.


Reporting, Month-end Close, and Cross-Functional Initiatives

Reconcile account statements.
Prepare annual 1099 reporting in collaboration with legal and payroll.
Oversee the monthly closing process for accounts payable and associated accounts. This responsibility includes managing the AP Soft close process, monitoring AP aging, and handling accruals. All of this will be done within an agile environment that is abundant in data.
Partner with the Treasury Department to plan and execute cash management needs.
Create and maintain AP Forecast and actively provide recommendations to streamline the process. 
Create comprehensive analyses, schedules, and presentations focusing on Accounts Payable to support audit and tax filings.


Team Supervision

Manage and develop team members to meet key metrics such as on-time and accurate invoice processing.
Act as point of escalation for accounts payable and business process owners to ensure timely remediation of issues.


Process and Systems

Identify opportunities for efficiencies and recommend changes and improvements to the accounts payable processes and systems to ensure scalability.
Establish robust key performance indicators and SLAs to effectively monitor the volume, intricacy, and efficiency of AP processing. 
Conduct root cause analysis to identify critical issues hindering scalable and efficient growth and communicate these findings to management. 
Document AP processes that are compliant with AP policies and internal controls.
Develop, maintain, and perform AP SOX and operational controls.


Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team.

Minimum requirements for the role:

Bachelors degree, preferably in accounting or business administration.
4 years of Accounts Payable or accounting experience is desired.
2 years of people managementsupervisory experience.
Knowledge of basic accounting principles.
Able to work with a high volume of transactions in a fast-paced environment.
Strong organization skills with exceptional attention to detail and follow-through.
The ability to meet or exceed deadlines with a strong attention to detail.
A strong ability to prioritize and organize work effectively.
Experience supervising teams.
Experience with NetSuite, SFDC, and Zendesk and SOX compliance.

An ideal candidate also has:

Possess exceptional attention to detail, work with a sense of urgency and analytical mindset, self-motivation, proficiency in navigating systems, and a strong ability to collaborate effectively as a team member.
Proficient in Excel.
Data analytics andor Tableau experience are a plus.
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.