Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
We are seeking an Order Management Specialist to join our growing Order Management function. This candidate will play a pivotal role in reviewing customer contracts, facilitating timely and accurate processing of orders, and ensuring compliance with internal policies and procedures. Additionally, this candidate will have the opportunity to participate in key initiatives to improve order and data accuracy. 
The Order Management department is part of Samsaras Finance organization. We are a highly collaborative, global team from a diverse range of backgrounds, focused on making Samsara a great place to work and develop our careers. As a leader, you will be at the center of guiding the companys transformation as it standardizes the order process. You will work with Sales, Sales Ops, Deal Desk, Business Technology, and Order-to-Cash to deliver a seamless order experience for our customers. The ideal candidate is highly self-motivated, possesses a strong attention to detail and appreciation for process, thrives in a fast-paced environment, and enjoys collaborating with other teams to solve challenges.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Review customer orders prior to shipping, ensuring the products, pricing, and terms are accurate, complete, and compliant with company policy. 
Reconcile customer order information against the internal system of record. 
Coordinate with Sales, Sales Ops, and Deal Desk to determine the resolution path for any order discrepancies. 
Respond to Sales inquiries regarding opportunity status or any questions on the opportunity closure process. 
Collaborate with your global peers to identify solutions for common order issues and drive global consistency in process. 
With the support of management, identify and support implementation of improvements to Samsaras systems and tools to streamline the order review process.
Collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams, such as Sales Ops, Order to Cash, and Business Technology, on company projects. 
Support the generation and ongoing maintenance of reporting dashboards to track order volume and activity. 
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.

Minimum requirements for the role:

2-5 years of experience in a contract specialist, order management, andor related Finance role, preferably in a SaaS or technology company. 
Professional-level written and verbal fluency in English.                                                                                                                                                                                 
Excellent attention to detail with an emphasis on accuracy and timeliness. 
Self-motivated and able to work both independently and as part of a larger team.
Ability to multitask, adapt, and manage time effectively in a fast-paced environment. 
Strong interpersonal and communication skills.
A continuous improvement mindset. 
Proficiency with CRM and CPQ platform (Salesforce preferred).
Ability to work extended hours during month and quarter end. 

An ideal candidate also has:

Bachelors degree in Business, Finance, or a related field.
Appreciation for leveraging data to instigate meaningful business process change. 
Aptitude for building and maintaining strong relationships with key stakeholders and peers.
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.