Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
Samsaras Legal team strives to create value and ensure that Samsara meets its mission by providing accessible and business-oriented legal guidance. We do so through creative problem solving, excellence and transparency in execution, while exhibiting good judgment in providing ethical and empathetic partnership across the business.
Samsara is searching for a versatile Senior Counsel to expand our in-house legal team. In this role, you will be the second lawyer based in our Mexico City office and join our Associate Commercial Counsel there. You will support the growth of our business in Mexico and collaborate closely with functions across the company on general commercial matters in Mexico. Your main focus will be on negotiating and closing commercial deals with our customers and business partners in Mexico as well as generally supporting and developing our commercial contracting workflows there. As these commercial workflows become more mature and scalable to support our growing Mexico business, you will have the opportunity to take on a broad range of other legal issues to grow our operations in Mexico, such as local regulatory, corporate, product, compliance, and employment matters. The ideal candidate will be fluent in Spanish and English, have a strong background in commercial contracting in Mexico, and be highly self-motivated and capable of managing a demanding workload. You can take ownership of a vaguely-defined objective and drive it forward to achieve an optimal outcome. Your diligence, judgment, and discretion make you a trusted counterpart in sensitive environments. 
Our most successful team members excel in a dynamic, fast-paced environment and can drive projects of varying complexity in collaboration with multiple teams. They embrace new challenges and the unexpected and can clearly distill their analysis into actionable and scalable guidance, always in consideration of the diverse needs of their business stakeholders. They are willing to jump in to assist their colleagues on any project, large or small, regardless of whether it falls within their scope of expertise.  
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Negotiate and drive to execution commercial contracts with customers, vendors, and business partners
Develop and scale commercial contracting workflows in Mexico, including by drafting and developing form agreements and building and improving contracting tools and processes
Work cross-functionally to drive strategic business and legal initiatives in Mexico and act as a trusted partner to Mexicos sales, sales operations, partnerships, finance, support, customer success, and marketing teams teams
As our commercial workflows in Mexico become more mature and scalable to support our growing business there, broadly support the growth of the companys business in Mexico, including regulatory, corporate, product, compliance, and employment matters
Help build a best-in-class legal function for the company in Mexico
Answer questions and offer legal advice on a wide range of issues, projects, and initiatives across the company
Conduct business in Spanish and English
Exercise initiative and creativity in solving challenges and accomplishing business goals
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices

Minimum requirements for the role:

6 years of general commercial legal experience (including experience drafting and negotiating complex commercial contracts) in a law firm or in-house position in Mexico
Outstanding interpersonal skills that allow for clear communication (both written and verbal)
Interest in being a true partner to our business stakeholders and immersing yourself in the ins and outs of our business and the industry in which we operate
Ability to build, develop and maintain strong cross-functional relationships
A high degree of professional integrity, ethics and sound judgment
Be a highly proactive self-starter who delivers quality work within tight timelines
Be humble, adaptable and flexible, with a growth mindset and desire to work on a variety of matters
Law degree from top law school with strong academic credentials
Be a licensed attorney of good standing in Mexico 
Business and legal fluency in Spanish and English

An ideal candidate also has:

Experience working for a technology company 
Experience working for a major international law firm
Experience working for an international company

LI-HybridAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.