Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
Samsara is seeking an experienced Senior Manager, Brand Strategy to join our Brand and Creative team. You will be responsible for crafting our brand framework and will identify distinctive and ownable positioning for our brand in the market. In addition you will plan and implement multi-channel and multi-audience brand campaigns focused on growing the Samsara brand globally. You should have a deep understanding of brand strategy as well as brand campaign development and execution. This is a highly cross-functional role that requires building strong relationships across the marketing team and with agency partners.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Get to know our brand from the inside-out. This includes understanding our audiences and company goals, researching competitors, and defining our key differentiators in the market 
Own the development of a strategic brand framework, including how to disseminate and educate our GTM teams internally on how to apply the framework  
Draft excellent brand messaging that identifies a distinctive and ownable position for our brand in the market
Develop and activate multi-channel and multi-audience brand awareness campaigns to help grow the Samsara brand globally
This includes overseeing and inputting into brand campaign briefs and managing multiple agency partners through campaign execution 
In working with agency partners on campaign management you will handle the day-to-day relationship, as well as monitor agency media analytics, benchmarks, optimization, and report on effectiveness of campaigns
Drive alignment with cross-functional partners across Marketing on brand strategy to ensure we deliver a consistent, unified global message to the market 
Work closely with our integrated brand campaign partner within our growth marketing team to execute the digital aspects of brand campaigns
Measure and report on campaign KPIs, continually seeking ways to refine campaign strategies for relevance and impact
Deliver a consistent expression of the Samsara brand in all activities 
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Lead a growing inclusive, engaged, and high performing team

Minimum requirements for the role:

10 years of experience helping brands grow globally
4 year experience as a people manager with a keen interest and ability to develop direct reports into a high-performing team
Experience managing brand and marketing campaigns with a deep understanding of paid social, digital branding, paid media, and experience with out of the box brand awareness initiatives 
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills, with a proven ability to collaborate with cross functional teams 
Organized, resourceful, with excellent multitasking and prioritizing skills, and the ability to work within tight deadlines while still maintaining a high level of accuracy and attention to detail
Proven ability to adapt quickly to a fast-paced environment and lead multiple high-priority projects with senior stakeholders, including agency partners
Strong executive communication and ability to effectively share brand strategies, and campaign results and insights with a large audience
Experience as a brand strategist for a growing company with a Bachelors degree or equivalent experience required

An ideal candidate also has:

Experience with tech companies or in a B2B industry
Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.114,176—178,400 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.