Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
Were looking for an experienced, hands-on, entrepreneurial Product Manager who can take a new product from 0-to-1. The role will be fast-paced and highly cross-functional — one day you might be wearing a hard hat visiting a customer at a construction site, and the next youll be whiteboarding a new UX flow with the design and engineering teams. As the owner of a strategic new initiative, youll report directly to a senior-level product leader overseeing one of Samsaras major product groups, and youll join an experienced team of world-class product, design, and engineering professionals.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid development and mastery of product, business and general management skills, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize a sector of the global economy representing more than 40 of GDP requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers. You personally will help identify and build towards our next several 100M ARR business opportunities. 
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role you will:

Develop the business case for an innovative new product, incorporating market research and field insights from customers. Youll shepherd the concept through Samsaras new product incubation process, owning the process end-to-end, including direct exposure to Samsaras executive leadership team throughout the development of this business opportunity.
Create and drive a compelling new product vision from kick-off to product launch, working with our Design  Engineering teams to bring it to life, defining success criteria  stage-gates, and ensuring on-time delivery to customers.
Define product requirements for user-facing capabilities and serve as the voice of the customer in trade-off discussions  decision-making forums. Obsess over the end-to-end customer journey to create experiences that delight our customers.
Guide the product through Beta, Early Access, and GA stages, setting clear success criteria and stage-gates for each leg of the journey, determining willingness to pay as well as pricing and packaging, ultimately preparing your product for market success and the high bar we have for our customers.
Scale the product from pre-revenue to becoming a real business, working with our Sales  Marketing teams to deliver outstanding business results. Youll take on the mindset of a true general manager, working hand-in-hand with go-to-market leadership to build, enable, and scale a sales motion around your new product, owning and driving execution through the first real customer opportunities.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles — Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team.

Minimum requirements for the role:

7-10 years in a software product management role, with at least some experience in an entrepreneurial product role building a new, revenue generating product or service offering from scratch.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Must be comfortable presenting to customers, internal audiences, executives, etc. Should also feel very comfortable writing clear and concise strategy documents that will be reviewed at all levels of the organization.
Strong technical understanding; Ability to grasp technical concepts and quickly establish credibility with engineers.
Bias-to-action and a proven track-record of delivering outstanding results for customers  the business on tight timelines. Youre not afraid to get your hands dirty writing product specs and jumping on calls to support the sales team.

An ideal candidate also has:

Bachelors or Masters degree in a technical field.
Familiarity with Enterprise B2B products and working with B2B sales teams.
Existing experience with businesses operating in the physical and industrial operations space beneficial, but not required.
Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.141,760—221,500 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.