Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
Samsara is looking for an experienced Incident  Escalation Specialist to join our Global Support organization to provide individualized support with an elevated level of care and detail, as well as provide executive level communications to our customers. You will support customers involved in time sensitive incidents and manage their overall experience by collaborating closely with customer stakeholders as well as Samsaras Sales, Customer Success, Technical Support, Product Management, and Engineering teams. You will be part of the Incident and Escalations team within the umbrella of the Global Technical Support organization.
We are looking for a candidate with exemplary executive level communication skills and a solid track record of managing high-priority incidents and projects to produce successful outcomes for our customer base. A successful candidate will be a creative problem solver with a passion for superb service and customer devotion.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Single Point of Contact: Manage the lifecycle of an escalated incident including, but not limited to, acting as the single point of contact for the customer, impact studies, internal stakeholder coordination and communication, and escalation closure.
Cross-Functional Partnerships: Build strong working relationships with key stakeholders across Customer Success, Engineering, Product and Sales, with a focus on fostering efficient collaboration and driving down resolution times.
Process Development: Develop, implement and coordinate key post escalation processes such as post incident reviews, post mortems, trend evaluation and other key continuous improvement activities in conjunction with the Support Operations team.
Best Practices: Establish and maintain escalation SOPs in accordance with industry standards and best practices.
Reporting  Analysis: Monitor escalation KPIs and relevant reporting to ensure support continues to provide the best internal and customer experience possible for escalated incidents.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices. 

Minimum requirements for the role:

1 years of incident management andor escalation management experience in fast paced softwaretechnology environments (SaaSPaaSIoT).
Demonstrated project management experience with an ability to influence stakeholders to achieve desired outcomes.
Exceptional judgment in high pressure scenarios, and ability to make timely recommendations from both business and technical standpoints.
Demonstrated ability to communicate customer issues in a meaningful way to both technical and business audiences at various levels of seniority.
Excellent verbal, written, communication and receptive listening skills.
Proven ability to build strong working relationships cross-functionally to drive effective teamwork and communication.
Experience working with tooling including ticketing systems such as Zendesk and Salesforce, and dashboard tools such as Zendesk Explore and Tableau.

An ideal candidate also has:

3 years of Technical Support andor Support Services related experience with a proven track record of delivering business value and improvement.
High levels of emotional intelligence (EQ), empathy, proactivity, and the ability to advocate for both clients and internal teams alike, continuously striving for mutually-beneficial solutions.
Strong bias for action, ownership, ability to dive deep, and insistence on the highest standards
Ability to work in a hyper growth environment with shifting priorities
Additional Language skill(s): French, German, Dutch 
 
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.