Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
Samsaras Customer Education team continues to grow as we expand our enablement portfolio to ensure customers realize the full value of Samsara products across all phases of their journey. Your role as a Senior Customer Training Specialist will be collaborative in nature, partnering with various teams to deliver amazing learning experiences for Samsara customers, while also enabling you to experience multiple aspects of a hyper-growth company from within. 
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Every phone call you answer and every email you send can affect whether truck drivers deliver goods on time and without accidents, whether students get dropped off safely from school, or whether power gets restored quickly after a natural disaster.
You thrive the most when solving problems: Our constantly expanding technology and the complexities faced by our customers provide an exciting range of challenges for our Customer Success teams. With a growth mindset and a desire to learn, you will strategically partner with our customers to find unique solutions to help keep their operations safe, efficient, and sustainable.
You are a natural relationship builder: Whether the relationship is with our customers or with cross-functional teams in Samsara, you are in constant communication and collaboration with key stakeholders to win as a team.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. This Customer Success team is still shaping its future and you will have plenty of autonomy and opportunities to master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by the best and brightest professionals out there.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Engage with Samsara customers to facilitate training across various modalities (in-person, virtual, 1:many webinars, large events, etc.)
Facilitate training both remotely and on-site at conferences, regional events, and customer locations (initial travel expectations are minimal but could increase up to 25 in the future)
Gather, assess, and integrate technical information and best practices from subject matter experts, product owners, and thought partners
Design and implement interactive learning activities for livevirtual sessions
Manage content development work streams for livevirtual events 
Continuously improve training experiences using creative approaches to inspire learners based on industry best practices
Contribute to the development of CE facilitation best practices and evaluation methods
Become a subject matter expert in Samsara products and their application across various solutions
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices

Minimum requirements for the role:

At least 3-5 years of experience developing and facilitating live and virtual training in a technicalSaaS environment
At least 2-3 years of experience with virtual training platforms and engagement tools (e.g., On24, Zoom, Vimeo Events, Slido, etc.)
Track record of developing and evaluating interactive experiences that demonstratively improve learner engagement and product sophistication
Proven public speaking, storytelling, and presentation skills for audiences large and small
Excellent written and oral communication skills with the ability to explain technical concepts using clear and concise language
A solid understanding of Samsara products with the ability to quickly learn new technologies
Experience facilitating large, interactive training sessions at in-person events and conferences
Experience implementing modern learning theories and methodologies
Experience working with a major learning platforms (e.g., Docebo, Thought Industries, Skilljar, Lessonly)

An ideal candidate also has:

Multilingual facilitation skills; can deliver training in additional languages (French, Spanish, andor German)
Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.104,584—153,800 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.