Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
Samsara is focused on bringing disruptive IoT technology to market, accelerating the adoption of sensor data to improve industrial efficiency, sustainability and safety at a massive scale. 
In this role, youll be responsible for building and executing our hardware roadmap to enable our platform growth across the Telematics product line. Youll learn about our customers operations, identify the most meaningful problems that we could solve for them, and develop a product vision that maximizes the impact Samsara can make on the market.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Drive hardware product definition for a range of advanced IoT devices, sensors and accessories
Work with Applications Product Management leaders to understand the broader business and customer needs, and enable optimized solutions spanning the cloud and edge devices
Establish a roadmap and long-term strategy across the Telematics product line
Lead field validation and product launch activities in collaboration with Marketing, Engineering and Operations
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team

Minimum requirements for the role:

10 years in a product management role
History of launching commercially successful  IoT andor Industrial Enterprise hardware products
Familiarity with numerous industrial and IT applications, ideally with sensors, wireless and edge AI attributes
Excellent business acumen to navigate tradeoffs in features, cost, development risk and performance
Curiosity and a bias towards action while gleaning customer insights from field inspection, interviews, research and data analytics
Excellent communication skills. Must be comfortable presenting to customers and internal audiences at all levels
A great partner to hardware, firmware and supply chain teams

An ideal candidate also has:

Experience managing commercial product lines at scale; 1B company or product line revenue
Experience in vehicle telematic and diagnostics systems
BS in Engineering or Computer Science
MBA degree
Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.151,936—237,400 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.