Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
Samsara is looking for an agile and creative public policy and government affairs expert to lead the company through an evolving policy landscape. You will work closely with trade associations, policymakers, regulatory agencies, and industry experts to proactively engage in initiatives that advance Samsaras business interests at the national, state, and local levels. Internally, your efforts will support the innovative work of the engineering, product, strategy, legal, and partnerships teams. The principal responsibilities of this role will be 

Promoting Samsara as an integrated platform that improves the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of the operations that power the global economy 
Analyzing policies that impact our business, such as transportation and industrial safety and sustainability requirements; fleet electrification trends; artificial intelligence principles; data protection and privacy expectations; and environmental, social, and governance standards
Positioning Samsaras policy efforts through advocacy campaigns and other engagements with key partnersincluding policymakers, trade associations, and regulatorsto further our business interests 
Driving the selection of and engagement with outside experts, including lobbyists and third-party advocacy partners 
Developing and delivering on a long-term plan to build a world-class policy and government affairs team to support the growth of Connected Operations technology  

Samsara values collaborative individuals who excel in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, can work across multiple teams and on multiple projects, can take in many inputs and communicate practical advice, have great interpersonal skills, and are comfortable in stressful situations.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn more about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Build and maintain strong relationships with relevant policymakers, regulatory officials and other key external stakeholders, and track level of engagement
Develop and deploy subject matter expertise in key policy areas
Work closely with public sector and sales teams at the local, state, and federal level to affect adoption and usage of Samsaras technology
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team

Minimum requirements for the role:

Bachelors degree required, postgraduate degree in a relevant field preferred
At least 10 years of relevant public policy, political, andor government affairs experience and in-depth understanding of federal, state or local policymaking process and government relations
Experience leading public policy and government affairs efforts in a corporate setting
Demonstrated knowledge and experience with legislative and government advocacy (e.g., legislative wins, relationships with officials, involvement with third parties, etc.)
Skilled at persuasively and diplomatically advocating complex policy positions before a wide variety of audiences
Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills, and exceptional verbal and written communication skills and ability to concisely summarize policy issues and advocacy points
Experience managing multiple high-priority projects simultaneously in a fast-moving, quickly changing environment, both collaborating as a team and working solo
Ability to thrive in an ambiguous work environment and spearhead change laterally across organizations using influencing skills
Teammate with a strong willingness to pitch in as necessary
Highly organized, flexible, and detailed-oriented
Compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations, and Samsara policies and procedures

An ideal candidate also has:

Passion for and knowledge of emerging technology and related public policy
Experience working in-house on regulatory issues facing highly-regulated industries 
Knowledge and experience working on issues related to the transportation and logistics industry, including experience working with the U.S. Department of Transportation
Knowledge and experience with privacy, artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, and other public policy issues related to data-driven industries
Knowledge of future of work, labor, and workforce development policy issues
Willingness to address unexpected challenges in new areas and get up to speed on potentially unfamiliar subject matter
Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.161,280—252,000 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.