Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
The Program Manager will own significant initiatives focused on elevating the digital journey for customers, agents, and operations.  This role will work closely with Support Leadership and cross-functional teams to identify, prioritize, and execute on critical strategic digital projects, including improving the efficacy of self-service Support, leveraging technology (e.g. AI, chatbots, federated search) to deliver solutions to customers more effectively, optimizing our inbound channels, and deploying technology to improve agent efficiency and efficacy.
The ideal candidate will have a passion for delivering a world-class digital support experience, leveraging technology to solve complex problems, and is eager to lead a variety of projects in a fast-moving environment. Validated project management skills, strong business acumen, and the ability to lead cross-functional teams are required. The role reports to the Manager, Support PMO.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Lead the end-to-end strategy and business requirement development for systems configuration and implementation of digital solutions to better serve our customers and employees. .
Drive priority initiatives from ideation through completion of transformation goals.
Collaborate with executive stakeholders and cross-functional teams to ensure successful implementation of transformative technologies and processes. 
Build a strong and transparent roadmap of the Customer Support digital transformation in line with Samsaras Customer Support vision.
Evaluate and optimize the performance of digital tools to improve workflows and enhance efficiency and productivity.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices

Minimum requirements for the role:

Bachelors degree, preferably in Business, Engineering, or other quantitative field
7 years experience in Project Management, with a strong focus on digital transformation
Experience in a global Customer Support, Success, or Operations organization 
Strong communication skills with the ability to influence and lead complex projects with a wide variety of stakeholders, as well as the ability to clearly translate business conceptsrequirements to technology teams 
Track record of delivering results that demonstratively improve the customer experience
Strong analytical, data-driven, problem-resolution, and decision-making skills

An ideal candidate also has:

PMP certification
Experience managing technology projects to improve the customer experience
Experience with B2B hardware and SaaS products
Adaptability, flexibility, and the conviction to do the right thing under stress, high tension, and tight deadlines
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.