Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
As a Senior Salesforce Business Application Engineer, you will be responsible for the development of flexible and scalable solutions on the Salesforce and CPQ platforms. This role requires that you understand Salesforce and CPQ design and development best practices and can apply them to the delivery of business solutions. You will work with technical and cross-functional business teams to implement enhancements, and projects, and resolve incidents, and requires a combination of analytical, technical, business acumen, and communication skills.
You will develop tools to help scale our revenue-generating operations and increase sales efficiency. This is a multi-faceted role where you will work multi-functionally with our Sales, Customer Success, Product, Growth, Marketing, and Finance teams.
This position is open to candidates who are interested in working remotely in Canada.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will:

Design and develop secure, scalable technical solutions on the Salesforce and CPQ platforms.
Create and collaborate on the solution and technical design artifacts, and present and participate in cross-functional review sessions.
Communicate technical solutions and design tradeoffs to team members as well as business stakeholders.
Evaluate existing code and develop plans to reduce technical debt over time and establish a technology roadmap with system architects.
Maintain and optimize full lifecycle software development using standard configuration, Apex, VisualForce, LWC, APIs, CPQ, and Force.com applications.
Coordinate and collaborate with other developers and team members to obtain requirements, develop solution design, and manage UATs, and post-go-live activities.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.

Minimum requirements for the role:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science or equivalent.
5 years in Salesforce developmentadministration experience with extensive knowledge of Sales Cloud, Apex, VisualForce, LWC, and Force.com tools and applications.
Web services experience preferred (REST, SOAP).
Familiarity with integrated applications such as Mulesoft preferred.
Self-starter, self-motivated, able to work independently, prioritize effectively, and perform multiple tasks under minimal supervision.
Experience working in sales cloud and communities.
Experience in agile development methodology.
Excellent communication skills and proven success in a dynamic and collaborative environment.
Experience designing test plans, performing unit testing, and writing test classes to ensure proper code coverage.
Strong problem-solving skills.

An ideal candidate also has:

Knowledge of Salesforce CPQ functionality and features.
Highly organized, detail-oriented, and able to work independently.
Certifications: Platform Developer, Platform App Builder, and other preferred.
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.