Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
We are seeking a highly motivated product marketing leader to develop and execute on our global product marketing strategy that will fuel our next stage of growth in partnership with marketing, sales, and product teams. Were looking for a builder as well as an operator, someone who thinks strategically, and can also drive cross-functional decision making and execution. If you thrive in an environment without a set playbook, show up to lead from the front across teams. You have a track record of hiring and developing strong talent and are excited to grow a high-impact product marketing team that drives growth for the company and success for our customers. This role will be part of the marketing leadership team. 
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Lead product marketers in strategically positioning our core product suite and platform across customer and sales facing experiences
Partner deeply with our marketing teams to create compelling content (webinar presentations, one-pagers, demos, guides, technical blogs, webpages, whitepapers, videos, etc.) to increase awareness, fuel campaigns, and generate pipeline across segments and regions
Listen to customer feedback and challenges, gather key buyer persona insights, and understand market trends to better identify market opportunities and to inform product go-to-market strategy and messaging
Partner with product management to gain a deep understanding of our product vision and upcoming functionality to drive the successful launch of new products and lead go-to-market motions that differentiate our products and brand
Understand the competitive landscape and collaborate with sales teams to drive enablement, and build playbooks and other materials that empower them to communicate the value of our products and platform to prospects and customers 
Share Samsaras impact by participating in internal and external events
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team

Minimum requirements for the role:

15 years of relevant experience
10 years of experience in Product Marketing and Marketing-related roles (B2B enterprise software SaaS experience) - subset of Product Management or Sales Engineering experience is welcome
8 years of experience growing and leading high-performing teams
Excellent communication, storytelling, and presentation skills (written, verbal, and visual) to be able to effectively share strategic plans, results, and insights across audiences
Excellent strategic planning, creative thinking, and problem-solving skills
Strong cross-team collaboration and stakeholder management skills
Strong ability to translate technical concepts into compelling messaging
Data-oriented with strong attention to detail
Bachelors degree or higher in a related field of study

An ideal candidate also has:

MBA preferred
Experience in building emerging andor evolving categories
Experience positioning to audiences in transportation, logistics, manufacturing, construction, or utilities

LI-OnsiteSamsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.172,160—269,000 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.