Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
We are looking for a self-starting, motivated and experienced Collections Specialist to support the small business globally. The Collection Analyst oversees the accounts receivable efforts of a global portfolio monthly receivables and acts as the conduit between the sales team, the customer and corporate. This opportunity requires a candidate with a high volume accounts centric mindset, high attention to detail, excellent problem-solving abilities, and an enthusiastic attitude. Candidates must have the ability to juggle multiple tasks and priorities, thrive in a highly driven environment, enjoy learning new skills, procedures, and systems, and have an overall desire to contribute to company growth. This position plays an essential role in minimizing our financial loss by implementing receivable and collection procedures that reduce the amount of delinquency encountered and reports to our Sr. Manager, Order to Cash.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Manage a portfolio of global customers
Be responsible for updating management on customer payment issues
Act as primary AR contact for sales team
Perform consistent collections diligence to ensure timely conversion of past due and current accounts receivable
Escalate past due accounts for review and approval for account suspension or when account resolution has not occurred within certain timelines
Resolve customer issues preventing payment timely and accurately within prescribed SLA commitments
Collaborate cross functionally to resolve account issues such as pricing, returns, or defective items
Reconcile customer accounts to resolve discrepancies caused by misapplied payments or other account issues as needed
Maintain account data as needed for accurate customer information
Coordinate support andor resolution for Account Team (AE or CSM) with questions about billing and contracts or escalate to Invoice Team when necessary
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices

Minimum requirements for the role:

Bachelors degree, preferably in finance
3 years business to business collections experience
Fluency in English and Spanish
Knowledge of operational accounts receivable processes
Excellent customer service skills to provide best in class service
Must be able to meet or exceed deadlines with a strong attention to detail
Strong ability to prioritize and organize work effectively
Strong, effective communication skills
Must be able to collaborate and communicate effectively
Experience with NetSuite, SFDC, and intermediate Excel skills strongly preferred
Highly organized, self-disciplined and ability to work in a fast-paced environment
Critical thinker, able to implement scalable processes
Strong organization skills with exceptional attention to detail and follow-through
Experience with SaaS and or technology firms with high volume and growth
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.