Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
We are looking for an experienced Sales Compensation professional to join our team. In this role, you will lead the commission administration process and work collaboratively across departments to develop policies and evolve processes to scale sales incentive programs for the global sales team. This role requires a high degree of cross-functional collaboration, advocating for process improvements and leading the sales compensation processes. The ideal candidate has impeccable attention to detail, is self-motivated, and thrives in a fast-paced environment. Strong analytical, problem solving and communication skills are required. 
This role is open to applicants residing in Canada or the US, excluding the San Francisco Bay Area (125 mi. radius from 1 De Haro St, San Francisco) and NYC Metro Area (50 mi. radius from 131 W 55th St, New York).
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Understand sales compensation philosophy and business drivers of sales compensation  plans design ensuring commission calculation comply with plan design and policies
Lead the monthly process to administer all sales variable payments including commissions, draws, MBOs, and SPIFFs, according to policies to deliver accurate payments; adhere to audit processes, SOX controls and data reviews for all sales segments
Support Sales leadership, Sales Operations, and Finance teams with compensation metrics and reporting, including cost of sales analysis month to month and quarter to quarter
Identify and lead Sales Compensation policy changes
Lead work-streams in cross-functional projects
Ensure accurate and timely distribution of individual sales compensation documents
Resolve commissions disputes and inquiries and process corrections and adjustments; address commission exception requests based on policies
Participate in enablement of new and current team members of sales commission processes, policies and administration systems
Proactively identify challenges in the commission administration process, and drive the solution identification and implementation of improvements
Collaborate and partner with Sales Operations, Sales Planning  Strategy, Finance, Legal and People Operation teams on the design and implementation of sales compensation plans
Create and maintain business processes documents for monthlyquarterly close, commission accounting tasks, and audits
Foster a culture of continuous improvement, innovation, and acute attention to detail and high standard for accuracy
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices

An ideal candidate also has:

5 years of relevant experience in a Sales Compensation role is required; experience at a high-growth technology company or company with 300 employees on a commission is a plus
Bachelor Degree required; preferably in Finance, Economics, or related field
Strong communication (written and verbal), organizational, analytical and problem-solving skills; advanced skills in MS Excel andor Google Sheets
Experience in automated sales commissions systems and their set-up and operation is a plus (e.g. Xactly, Callidus, Anaplan, Oracle EIM, etc.)
Proven attention to detail, demonstrated business acumen to achieve positive outcomes, awareness of business trends, high degree of motivation, accountability, and flexibility
Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.96,084—113,040 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.