Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
The Accounting Manager is uniquely positioned to make a lasting impact in a fast-paced, collaborative environment by overseeing our general ledger accounting operations and close processes (among other topics) for our US business. This role requires strong collaboration between cross-functional groups including, but not limited to, Finance  Strategy, Payroll  Compensation, Order to Cash, Purchase to Pay and Finance Transformations. This role will manage a team of staff and senior accountants. The Accounting Manager ensures accurate books and records and effective internal controls by embracing world-class accounting practices suited for a public companys financial close process.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Manage various close responsibilities including, but not limited to, cash, prepaids and other assets, accruals, property and equipment, internally developed software and cloud computing costs, inter-company transactions and cost allocations.
Oversee and review the preparation of financial reporting packages provided to senior executives for business performance reviews. 
Support the development and implementation of accounting policies and practices in conformity with GAAP.
Perform andor review balance sheet account reconciliations for responsible areas and coach staff on exuding reconciliation best practices and timely clearing of reconciling items. 
Work cross-functionally to ensure accruals and other estimates and assumptions are reasonable, supportable and complete.  
Collaborate with Finance Transformations to drive efficiencies in our systems environment through the deployment of RPA and support UAT and deployment of system functionality in support of corporate sponsored initiatives.
Work with Finance and Strategy to ensure proper coding of journals across the Companys cost center structures and resolving questions escalated during month-end close procedures in a timely fashion. 
Perform fluctuation reviews on balance sheet and PL accounts ensuring movements are reasonable, supportable and explained.
Ensure effective internal controls by reviewing control design and creating operating mechanisms that ensure all relevant controls are performed and documented in accordance with expectations.
Possess technical accounting acumen to spot errors or anomalies in the books and records and escalate such items to Accounting leadership while leading the disposition of such items as they are identified.
Familiarity of accounting for the effects of fluctuations in foreign currencies upon both remeasurement and translation (ASC 830).
Demonstrate professional integrity and resilience when operating under pressure by scrutinizing the status quo and questioning ideas to ensure the accuracy of financial information.
Promoting a coaching culture by investing time with the team to ensure they are familiar with best practices and are motivated to maintain an uncompromising bias for world-class practices in executing roles and responsibilities across the function. 
Keep current on trends and developments in the accounting field by reading appropriate books, journals, and other literature and attending related conferences and seminars, and encouraging department team members to pursue and maintain professional accreditation and licensure, as appropriate.
Execute other ad-hoc projects and initiatives as directed by the Assistant Controller in accordance with Samsaras strategy and company values.
Other duties may be assigned as required.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team.

Minimum requirements for the role:

5 years of progressive experience in accounting, 3 years of public accounting experience preferred.
CPA required.
Bachelors degree in accountingfinance, business, or related field.
Strong working knowledge of Excel.
Strong written and oral communication skills.

An ideal candidate also has:

Experience using Netsuite.
Experience managing a team.
Experience in a SaaS environment.
Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.99,960—147,000 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.