Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
Reporting to the VP of Real Estate and Workplace, the Director of Safety, Security and Resilience leads Samsaras strategy for protecting our People and Workplaces in a remote work environment. In this role, you will develop the companys safety, security, crisis and emergency response programs and closely partner with the leaders from the Executive team, People, Legal, Communications, and the Workplace Services team to protect employees and Samsara business operations. This is a roll up your sleeves, hands on job, creating and documenting programs and implementing them with leaders buy in. 
In this role, you will: 

Identify and assess the most critical threats to Samsaras employees relating to geopolitical, environmental, and physical threats.
Collaborate with Samsaras Enterprise Risk Management personnel to support program needs.
Work with internal partners to develop Disaster Recovery plans.
Develop, implement, and train a core team of leaders to respond to physical security and similar crisis incidents impacting the company. Facilitate and train senior leaders on that Crisis Management program and process.
Provide safety and security resources for employees traveling around the world. Ensure that Samsara is meeting Duty of Care responsibilities, globally.
Oversee Samsaras Executive Threat Assessment Program, including protective services for employees traveling in high-risk locations.
Ensure regulatory compliance, protect employees, and the environment in a remote work environment setting.
Provide business continuity direction and expertise to the organization globally.
Provide direct management, mentorship, and professional development opportunities for team members.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team.

Minimum requirements for the role:

Bachelors Degree or relevant experience and at least 10 years of experience in corporate safety and security, crisis and emergency management and knowledge of Business Continuity a plus. At least 5-8 years of this experience should be in a senior leadership role.
Experience managing global Safety and Security policies, standards, programs, or procedures.
Expertise in global Safety and Security legal requirements (i.e.: Regulations, Codes, Standards, Directives, and Administrative Policies) and Duty of Care.
Exceptional communication and organizational skills.
Analytical, detail-oriented, problem-solver, project management skills, and a strong focus on results.
Ability to effectively communicate with and influence leadership.
Experience developing and implementing goals and strategies based on broader organization goals.
Must be able to travel domesticinternational as needed.
Proficiency in G suite, Slack, AlertMedia, Dataminr.

LI-OnsiteSamsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.154,688—241,700 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.