Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
The Business Systems team makes systemsprocesses more efficient, reduces manual, low-value work, and enables the company to run better, make better choices, and ultimately be more profitable. Our company is unique in that we are a truly hybrid hardware and SaaS business. This creates new challenges in both Order-to-Cash and financial processes. We are seeking a creative, intellectually curious individual to collaborate and solve for these complex needs.
We are seeking a skilled UiPath Developer with 3-4 years of experience in automating processes for NetSuite, Salesforce, and Workday. The ideal candidate will be responsible for analyzing business processes, designing automation workflows, and collaborating with cross-functional teams to optimize business operations.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the worlds physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, were all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Be responsible for managing existing automation bots and creating new ones for NetSuite, Salesforce, and Workday.
Collaborate with the Finance team and stakeholders to gather automation requirements and design optimal RPA solutions.
Develop, test, and deploy UIPath robots to automate various business processes, including data extraction, data entry, and workflow automation. 
Customize and maintain UIPath workflows, orchestrators, and automation scripts for NetSuite, Salesforce  Workday process. 
Ensure the scalability, reliability, and performance of automation solutions. 
Troubleshoot and debug issues in existing automation workflows and implement necessary fixes. 
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate RPA solutions with other systems and applications. 
Stay updated with the latest UIPath features and best practices to continuously improve automation capabilities. 
Document automation processes, configurations, and changes for reference and knowledge sharing. 
Monitor and optimize the performance of UIPath robots and processes to meet defined KPIs and SLAs. 
Stay informed about industry trends and emerging technologies in the RPA field.
Ensure that all automation solutions adhere to security and compliance standards.
Implement best practices for data protection and privacy.
Provide support for key month quarter end close processes (on call).
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices. 

Minimum requirements for the role:

Bachelors degree or equivalent years of experience
Minimum 3 years of experience as a UiPath Developer
Proficiency in UiPath Studio, Orchestrator, and other UiPath products
Familiarity with NetSuite Salesforce Workday platforms, including knowledge of their data structures and business processes
Programming skills in languages such as C, VB.NET, or Python
Knowledge of process automation best practices and industry trends
Experience with integrating UiPath with external systems and APIs
UiPath certifications (e.g., UiPath Certified Developer) are advantageous

An ideal candidate also has:

Proficiency in UiPath development and automation
Responsible for managing existing automation bots and creating new ones within NetSuite, Salesforce, and Workday
Workflow design and optimization skills specific to NetSuite Salesforce Workday
Coding and scripting abilities for custom activities within the platforms
Excellent problem-solving abilities and attention to detail
Work ethic: You do what it takes to make a project go well. You are equally comfortable taking personal ownership for a task as delegating it
Able to handle ambiguity and work effectively in a fast paced and fluid environment for a mid to enterprise sized organization
Proven experience in optimizing and enhancing automation processes over time
UiPath certifications (e.g., UiPath Certified Developer) are advantageous
Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.104,040—153,000 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.