Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, youd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logisticssupply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systemsdiagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installationdeployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if: 

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day youll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact. 
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and havent been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsaras high-performance culture means youll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before. 
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer painrequirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices

Minimum requirements for the role:

Preferred 1 years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
 Spanish or French fluency is preferred

Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.90,674—128,000 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.