Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
Samsara is seeking a Pricing  Revenue Planner to support our growing Hardware Planning team. In this role, you will partner with Sales, Sales Operations, Finance, Product, RD, and other revenue impacting teams to shape our pricing outlook and track our revenue pacing to expectations. You will work with cross-functional teams to identify deal impacts, deliver market insights on customer trends, evaluate key discounting assumptions, and provide subject matter expertise to executive stakeholders and the rest of the Planning team. Ideal candidates should be curious learners with experience in SaaS pricing analytics and benchmarking, be able to drive new processes and tools, and be comfortable translating large amounts of data into actionable insights.  
This role is open to candidates in Mexico and Canada.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Manage pricing analytics, including average sales prices, discounting levels, and forward-looking forecasts by product group, geography, and sales segment.
Analyze customer and sales trends within product families, identifying synergies and areas of opportunity to drive revenue improvement.
Establish a deep understanding of Samsaras business, products, and company priorities to assist Demand Planners with insights for new programs  features, sales pacing, and conversion rates.
Use technical expertise to efficiently gather new data, automate data processing, and implement tools and best practices for data management. 
Develop financial comps  benchmarking to industry, and measure accuracy of forecasts vs actual performance.
Provide access to data through reports and dashboards, implementing business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) for data visualization and analytics. 
Drive improvements to the forecasting process by developing rigorous analyses using historical data and in-depth knowledge of the business, changing the forecast model to meet business needs as required.
Generate and consolidate financial reporting metrics as required.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.

Minimum requirements for the role:

Degree in a relevant analytical field (e.g. finance  economics  mathematics  computer science  data science).
8 years (or 6 with Masters) of combined experience in consulting and supply chain planning, demand planning, business planning, or data analytics.
Proficiency with applied SQLdata querying languages, BIvisualization tools (e.g. Tableau, PowerBI), ExcelGoogle Sheets, R, Python, or other analysis tools.
Excellent analytical skills with the ability to clearly lay out assumptions, risks, and opportunities in logical models.
Strong communication skills, including the ability to quickly synthesize information in a digestible format for a wide variety of stakeholders.
Demonstrated ability to structure problems, focus on detail and accuracy, and ability to respond creatively with flexibility to issues.
Ability to define best practices for data collection processes, translate data into insights, and drive impact.
History of collaboration across technical  non-technical teams with strong relationship building skills.
Proven strategic business thinker who keeps the desired outcome in mind while driving results.

An ideal candidate also has:

Prior experience using NetSuite, Salesforce, and e2open.
Industry experience in SaaS-based technology companies.
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.