Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.  
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the worlds physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, were all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will:

Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsaras Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQLPython to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices   

Minimum requirements for the role:

5 years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling 
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL ELT and reportinganalytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions 
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing andor web data 
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences

An ideal candidate also has:

Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.122,400—180,000 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.