Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role
As a member of our Security Operations Team, you will collaborate with a global team of engineers to proactively identify and mitigate risks, monitor and respond to security events, respond to and lead security incidents as Incident Commander, and protect Samsaras corporate infrastructure and operations.
You will also be responsible for creating and maintaining runbooks, creating automated workflows, and assisting in process refinement and implementation. You will collaborate with a diverse team of analysts, engineers and key stakeholders on security initiatives across the company. Above all, your focus is bringing Security expertise to the table in a collaborative, humble, and practical manner.
This role requires availability during the EMEA Time Zone business hours, including being on call.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will: 

Monitor security events and provide technical analysis on alerts
Lead cyber security incidents by developing the incident response strategy, lead the execution through incident closure, while providing incident updates to key stakeholders throughout the incident
Protect Samsara while partnering across the organization to drive remediation and ensure Samsara infrastructure is sufficiently protected
Lead post-incident activity such as POMO and Corrective Action assignments
Mentor and grow staff on security event analysis, incident response, and technologies
Assist with developing and maintaining security policies, processes and incident response procedures
Deliver security guidance clearly and concisely for cloud and enterprise infrastructure initiatives
Coordinate the building of services, capabilities, integrations, and implementations of technologies to support security operations and incident response
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices

Minimum requirements for the role:

5 years of relevant experience in security operations andor incident management 
Strong analytical skills and the ability to accurately document procedures and findings during analysis
Practical experience acting as a lead during security incident response, including triage, and coordinating across teams to drive incidents to closure
Excellent and concise verbal and written communication skills
Strong problem-solving skills, adaptable, proactive, and willing to take ownership
Understanding of analysis and forensics techniques on macOS, Windows, and Linux
Ability to work flexible hours and be on call for potential security incidents

An ideal candidate also has: 

Bachelors degree in Information Technology, Risk Management or a related field
Familiarity with common security frameworks and standards, including NIST Cybersecurity Framework and ISO 27001
Experience in cloud architecture and security (AWS, GCP) and cloud-based services
Experience conducting security investigations across clouds, user endpoints, and servers
Programming experience in Python; scripting is also desirable
Familiarity with data privacy regulations and compliance
Experience utilizing SIEM tools and building infrastructure to support large-scale threat detection efforts
Technical knowledge of network fundamentals and common Internet protocols
Relevant information security certifications

LI-OnsiteAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.