Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
We are looking for talented engineers to join our backend, frontend, full-stack, and mobile infrastructure teams!
As a Software Engineer at Samsara, you will design and develop features across a broad surface area with a tangible impact on active and future customers. Youll tackle engineering challenges ranging from architecting data structures for mass data collection to presenting data analytics in intuitive and performant ways on web and mobile.
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and React Native for our mobile app. Direct experience with these technologies is not required.

Backend Infrastructure engineers design and develop the infrastructure that powers Samsaras IoT platform. You will work on scaling our data ingestion and storage systems to support more and more connected devices, and work with engineers throughout the company to make new types of data analysis possible.
Full-stack, Frontend engineers develop user interfaces that present the data collected from thousands of devices in intuitive ways. You will work directly with the design and product teams to identify solutions and iterate quickly based on feedback. The features you build will provide actionable insights for our customers operations, and may involve anything from design systems to performance engineering.
Full-stack, Backend engineers design and develop features across a broad surface area with tangible impact on active and future customers. You will tackle engineering challenges ranging from architecting data structures for mass data collection to presenting data analytics in intuitive and performant ways on web and mobile.
Mobile infrastructure engineers work on the critical infrastructure behind our React Native application. Your tools will enable feature teams to iterate quickly, and empower them to write performant and maintainable code.

You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the worlds physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, were all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you may work on:

A system that optimizes routes for fleets of vehicles that drive a million miles per week
Live rendering and animating thousands of vehicles concurrently on country-scale maps
Video processing and automatically classifying dangerous driving behavior with our internet-connected dashboard camera
Using driving quality metrics computed from vehicle sensor data to gamify the driver experience
Creating a driver messaging platform end to end, from bringing up services to staged mobile app rollouts
Championing, role modeling, and embedding Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices

An ideal candidate:

Will complete a Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or a related technical field between FallWinter 2023 - Summer 2024
Has built or worked on production applications
Enjoys understanding our users and what would make their day to day processes easier to manage
Loves shipping features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback

LI-DNIAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.