Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Inside Sales Manager to join our passionate, high energy, and fast moving sales team. Youll lead and support our Account Executives focusing on mid-sized Public Sector organizations. You will have a consistent track record of ability to hire, develop, and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team. 
You should apply if: 

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day youll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact. 
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and havent been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsaras high-performance culture means youll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before. 
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
 In this role you will:

Coach a team of 8 account executives on sales strategy, pipeline reviews and achieve quarterly targets 
Hire new account executives and provide both onboarding and ongoing coaching to ensure their growth and success
Work cross-functionally to strategically solve problems and project manage 
Create content for ongoing training and development 
Support account executives through professional development plans 
Provide clear and tactical feedback to account executives 
Further culture within the team and commercial organization with high emotional intelligence
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team

Minimum requirements for the role:

5 years sales experience, with proven performance owning a complex selling motion from prospecting through close
2-3 years experience managing a Public Sector team
Experience selling full-cycle sales into the Public Sector (Local Gov, K-12, High Education)
Strong track record of overachievement with experience in coaching a team on outbounding 
Understanding of complex sales cycles involving multiple decision makers, multiple products, and extended time-frames 
Excellent communication skills and comfortable with public speaking 
Strong interpersonal and team management skills
Self-starter and adaptable to change  
Continued growth mindset to learn a unique industry 
Proficient in data driven decision making 
Ability to provide upwards feedback 
Familiarity with SFDC
Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.Annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below and depends on your city of residence.204,800—256,000 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.