Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
Samsara is looking for growth-minded, results-driven Trilingual Customer Support Specialists with strong organizational skills and a high focus on customer service. The goal of the Trilingual Customer Support Specialist is to help support Samsaras rapidly-growing service solutions and provide an exceptional customer experience. We work with a wide range of industrial companies ranging from commercial transportation to oil and gas companies, to large-scale food producers; as such, candidates will need to demonstrate a strong ability to communicate account statuses and manage requests in order to best serve the needs of this diverse customer base. The ideal candidate has experience in a customer support role in a multi-channel contact center environment. You will be assisting customers in troubleshooting account issues, providing account documentation, and assisting with escalations, via phone, chat, and email. 
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Help Customers with a wide range of general inquiries on billing issues and questions
Handle customer questions about contract renewals and cancellations
Solve customer issues and escalations about Samsara products and services
Experience in multi-channel servicing including excellent phone skills and good writing skills for Web, email, and channel requests
Ability to prioritize work queue and backlog in addition to incoming customer requests
Provide excellent customer service throughout the service cycle from initial request to final close out of the transaction
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team

Minimum requirements for the role

1-3 years of experience in a customer-facing role within a contact center environment 
Demonstrated ability to increase productivity through daily task completion, personal development, and guided trainings
Experience in a high pace environment handling escalated customers and able to follow up on customer requests in a timely manner
Strong problem-solving skills and a proven ability to deliver a positive customer experience
Exceptional communication skills to effectively communicate with a wide range of customers
Experience in a fast-paced environment managing 20 cases per day via phone, chat, and email channels
Experience working with ticketing systems (e.g. Zendesk, Salesforce, ServiceCloud)
Proficient with macOS

An ideal candidate also has:

Ability to work flexible hours (nights and weekends) - Schedules are assigned based on the needs of the business, you must be willing to work the assigned schedule (5 days a week, 8-hour shift with 2 continuous days off) 
Experience supporting service requests in billing, RMA, cancellations, and renewals
Experience supporting telematics systems, ELDs, and hours of service compliance is a plus
Spanish andor French fluency is a plus
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.