Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
Samsara is looking for an experienced Quality Programs leader for the Global Customer Success (CS) organization. The Manager of Quality Programs will partner with Customer Success leadership to construct a Service Quality program that reflects the organizations commitment to customer experience and support the broader CS organizations strategy. You will build, manage, and continuously improve the QA program end-to-end to ensure the organization delivers exceptional customer experiences.
The ideal candidate has expertise in quality assurance operations for customer success  support teams, has experience managing at a global scale, and has demonstrated ability to measure and enhance the customer experience. The role will join a team in building mode, and a successful candidate will have a strong bias for action and the ability to think big. The role reports to the Director of Customer Success Operations. 
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Every phone call you answer and every email you send can affect whether truck drivers deliver goods on time and without accidents, whether students get dropped off safely from school, or whether power gets restored quickly after a natural disaster.
You thrive the most when solving problems: Our constantly expanding technology and the complexities faced by our customers provide an exciting range of challenges for our Customer Success teams. With a growth mindset and a desire to learn, you will strategically partner with our customers to find unique solutions to help keep their operations safe, efficient, and sustainable.
You are a natural relationship builder: Whether the relationship is with our customers or with cross-functional teams in Samsara, you are in constant communication and collaboration with key stakeholders to win as a team.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. This Customer Success Operations team is still shaping its future and you will have plenty of autonomy and opportunities to master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by the best and brightest professionals out there.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Measure and Improve Customer Satisfaction: Develop a feedback loop from customer-provided feedback (e.g. CSAT) to ensure we remedy poor customer interactions while addressing gaps in customer support quality and processes.
Lead Quality Assurance Operations: Utilize best practices and tools from across the industry to ensure highest standards of service is being delivered in all customer interactions.
Enable Partner Quality Programs: Define the parameters, operating model, and calibration of a quality program for the Customer Success organization.
Drive Continuous Improvement: Design the coaching framework for Implementation Consultants and Customer Success Managers, enable managers to deliver impactful feedback to employees, and drive continuous improvement programs.
Enhance Quality Systems: Manage a scalable Quality Management System across all customer-facing functions (i.e. implementation services, customer success).
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team

Minimum requirements for the role:

10 years related professional experience
3 years people management experience, with strong track record of hiring and developing top talent
Bachelors degree
Experience with customer-facing team QA programs across multiple channels
Strong program management skills, including cross-functional leadership, systems thinking and process design, and data-driven decision-making
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

An ideal candidate also has:

COPC or other industry-standard contact center quality certifications
Experience with technical products and customer success  customer experience 
Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.140,080—206,000 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.