Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. 
About the role:
The Major Accounts sales team is responsible for revenue growth in new and existing customers that represent the largest prospective Enterprise accounts for Samsara by total addressable opportunity. 
You should be an energetic evangelist and passionate about introducing a transformative new technology into the market. You should have a history of over-achievement and be comfortable selling into all levels of an Enterprise organization, including technology and lines of business.
This role can be office-based or fully remote in the UK (South Central area preferred).
You should apply if: 

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
Your mantra is alwaysbeprospecting: The world of operations is vast. Your customers are often out in the field and the best way to catch them is live on the phone. Samsaras top reps do constant research to find companies and contacts to expand their pipeline.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day youll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact. 
You are a life-long learner: Samsara sales are complex. You will need to learn about businesses where you previously had little knowledge. The payoff is big but you have to be willing to put in the work. 
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and havent been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsaras high-performance Sales culture means youll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Develop Executive-Level relationships within strategic, named accounts
Own customer engagements end-to-end, from prospecting and qualification to close
Demonstrate excellent solution-based sales process in complex sales campaigns
Mobilize a large matrix virtual team of business stakeholders to include Operations, Finance, IT, dedicated Solution Engineer and Account Development Representative
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices

Minimum requirements for the role:

7 years experience in a full-cycle, closing sales role
Proven track record of consistent quota over-achievement in complex accounts and 1M ARR transactions
Experience handling and owning enterprise deal sizes and C-Level relationships
Strategic pursuit experience and comfortable with targeted prospecting. 
Excellent interpersonal skills and demonstrated ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment
Team player, with a collaborative mindset

An ideal candidate also has:

Awards for top achievement (Presidents club, Winners circle, Top 10)
Passionate about transformational technology in the world operations 
Excited about solving new problems in innovative ways 
Experienced in selling technology solutions (preferably IoTSaaS) to Enterprise customers
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.