Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
The Chief of Staff to the SVP of EMEA is a pivotal role that drives strategic priorities, enhances communication, and fosters executional excellence. The ideal candidate possesses a blend of emotional intelligence, problem-solving abilities, project management capabilities, and client-management skills. In addition, the ideal candidate is passionate about working on sales-related activities, in a high-growth environment. This role demands the agility to oversee various business aspects while efficiently toggling between details and the broader strategy, and hands-on work and delegation. 
In this role, you will: 

Collaborate with the SVP to identify, manage, and drive top priorities across the EMEA region. 
Facilitate communication, alignment, and accountability between the SVP, the EMEA leadership team, and the Headquarters. Act as a point of escalation and resolution. 
Run regular cadences (including OKR, QBR, Leadership meetings)
Design and implement programs to boost the cross-functional productivity across all regions, thereby creating focus and structure for the team.
Provide hands-on support to the field team, including supporting client engagement and driving execution of projects. 
Indicative time split: 40-60 working on internal, EMEA activities; 20-30 partnering with Global Functions; 20-30 working on Customer-Facing Activities, jointly with the Sales Team
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team

Minimum requirements for the role:

5 years of experience in Management Consulting, andor Chief of Staff, andor business process consultingoperations background
Significant experience in a client facing role
Direct experience in Sales andor in Tech are a plusIn addition to fluency in English, fluency in French, German, andor Dutch are a plus

An ideal candidate also has:

Communication and Authority: Comfortable in dealing with C-Level executives and clients
Emotional Intelligence: Low-Ego individual, able to build trust, develop influential relationships, lead cross-functional collaboration, often in a behind the scenes capacity
Drive: Proactive attitude, with strong sense of urgency; strong passion for sales and for working in high-growth organization
Attitude to Change: ability to deal with ambiguity, complexity, and changing priorities
Problem Solving: Attention to detail, combined with the capacity to solve ambiguous problem, and drive implementation of the solutions via a mix of hands-on work and delegation
Program Management Abilities: strong project management skills, combined with the ability to lead others without direct authority
Ethics: Clear and direct communicator with sound judgment, discretion, and confidentiality
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.