Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role: 
In this role, you will be responsible for helping customers in Samsaras Commercial segment implement and adopt our IoT solutions for their fleet and industrial assets. Picking up where our sales teams leave off, you will own the customer relationship and ensure a successful deployment of Samsaras solution. You will work with customers across a range of industries including trucking  transportation, food  beverage, passenger transit, towing  moving and many others. In this role, you will specifically support our commercial customers going through a digitized onboarding process. Your role will require industry-standard risk-based intervention methods and a 1:many approach to virtual training to ensure successful adoption of the Samsara solution. As an Implementation Consultant you will help our customers learn the Samsara system, troubleshoot issues, and ensure a successful customer relationship.
Your role will be cross-functional in nature, working alongside and connecting Sales, Support, Marketing  and Product, enabling you to experience multiple aspects of a hyper-growth company from within. Since Samsara is a fast-growing company with an emerging IoT technology, you can expect this role to evolve over time, with opportunities to take on increasing levels of responsibility and impact our growth. 
This role requires exceptional customer-facing communication skills, the ability to quickly understand a customers business, and comfort explaining technology products to all types of users. In addition to this, you will champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Every phone call you answer and every email you send can affect whether truck drivers deliver goods on time and without accidents, whether students get dropped off safely from school, or whether power gets restored quickly after a natural disaster.
You thrive the most when solving problems: Our constantly expanding technology and the complexities faced by our customers provide an exciting range of challenges for our Customer Success teams. With a growth mindset and a desire to learn, you will strategically partner with our customers to find unique solutions to help keep their operations safe, efficient, and sustainable.
You are a natural relationship builder: Whether the relationship is with our customers or with cross-functional teams in Samsara, you are in constant communication and collaboration with key stakeholders to win as a team.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. This Customer Success team is still shaping its future and you will have plenty of autonomy and opportunities to master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by the best and brightest professionals out there.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Be on the front-lines and ensure our customers increase the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of their operations with our IoT platform 
Deeply understand Samsaras platform capabilities and how it drives value to our clients and their business
Onboard, train, support, and guide clients through their implementation of Samsara technology 
Understand our customer use cases and work through challenges with key stakeholders and day-to-day users of the system
Juggle multiple customer engagements and internal projects in parallel and work cross-functionally to deliver an exceptional experience for our customers
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices

Minimum requirements for the role:

1-2 years of experience in a similar Implementation, Customer Success, or Product Support Training role. SaaS experience preferred.
Experience supporting or working with technical software products
Strong organizational, time management and multitasking skills
Excellent communications and interpersonal skills
Bachelors degree required

An ideal candidate also has:

A strong bias for action when it comes to supporting customers and solution solving through their product issues
Excellent client facing skills with experience in guiding customers through an onboarding journey
Project management experience
Experience serving a customer base in B2B SaaS
Thrives in an unstructured, fast-paced, and change-heavy environment 

 At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.