Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
Interested in joining a top-notch marketing team? Do you have experience owning event programs from start to finish? We are looking for an energetic, highly organized, team player who loves a fast-paced environment and thrives on results. In this role, you will meticulously plan, execute  measure new events and programs for Samsaras Public Sector business. These events can include industry trade shows, hosted lunch and learns, executive briefings and our annual customer conference, Samsara Beyond for Education, State, Local and Federal Government audiences.
This is a highly cross-functional role that requires close partnership across Sales, Account Development, Product Marketing, Marketing Operations  Product Management. As our dedicated Public Sector event marketer, you should be results-driven, detail-oriented, and passionate about driving business impact. This is a fast-growing area of the business that plays a strategic role in our future success.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Own the field event strategy, planning, execution, and success for the Public Sector vertical
Manage event budget forecast and reporting, evaluate and communicate results against goals, and generate learnings for improvement
Execute end-to-end event program management and logistics from initial planning to post-event program follow up, including vendor management, budget management, event promotions, sales enablement, data cleansingtracking, KPI measurement, and maintenance of all event assets
Support Public Sector sales teams and customers at Samsaras annual customer user conference, Beyond
Facilitate timely event lead processing within Salesforce, measure event impact, and develop post-event reports and communicate insights
Own project management tools, documentation, event calendar, and processes used for managing event marketing programs  trade shows
Bring energy, creativity, and new ideas to build a successful event program
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices

Minimum requirements for the role:

8 years of relevant experience in field or event marketing, product marketing, project or program management
5 years of marketing for B2B high-tech productssolutions
5 years of experience industry experience supporting Public Sectors
Proficient using a CRM or Marketing Automation platform
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience 
30-40 travel required for events

An ideal candidate also has:

A strong builder mentality, leadership skills, strategic vision
Ability to thrive in a rapidly changing environment and run multiple concurrent project demands within established timelines
Skilled at building strong relationships with cross-functional internal teams and external partner stakeholders, with the ability to work across all levels of an organization
Strong communication, negotiation, and budget-management skills
Passion for results, measurement and optimization to continuously drive ROI
Ideal candidate is based in the Continental United States
Samsaras Compensation Philosophy: Samsaras compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary  bonusvariable  restricted stock unit awards (RSUs).  A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.126,820—186,500 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.