Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role: 
Samsara is looking for a bi-lingual People Partner (English and Spanish), based in Mexico to support our growing Mexico and Canada regions. As part of our People Partner team, you will develop a strong professional relationship with our business leaders to enhance the success of our employees in the organization. We are looking for highly collaborative, execution-focused individuals who will dig deep into how to support the business at scale (employee programs and policies, culture and leadership practices, among others).  With our high growth, we are constantly looking for ways to develop and support our leaders so all Samsarians have an engaging employee experience while driving outsized business impact. The ideal candidate will bring creative and effective ideas and solutions to a growing organization.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will:

Establish yourself as a trusted and reliable partner for the leaders, managers and employees in your region(s). 
Work closely with leaders and managers to understand and conceptualize their specific business, organizational and people landscape. Partner closely with them to drive people initiatives, collaborate on critical talent decisions and achieve operational excellence 
Deliver targeted solutions and recommendations with a focus on scale and growth, using an analytical and fact-based approach
Proactively assess team, manager, organizational development needs, make recommendations, and implement appropriate solutions
Assume shared responsibility for the organizational and cultural health of the region and the effectiveness of its leadership team(s)
Provide strategic business partnership, thought partnership, and coaching to all levels of the organization
Collaboratively partner with Global People Partners to understand and raise regional priorities, and partner on execution of people priorities 
Work closely with our Employee Relations Partners, supporting local employee relations issues as needed
Provide regional expertise and guidance on wide ranging employee topics including policies, benefits, local practices, cultural nuances, and issues
Drive and support cyclical talent management and compensationreward programs 
Participate and lead projects as an integral member of the People Operations team
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices

Minimum requirements for the role:

BABS degree in HR, Business Administration, Psychology, communication or other related discipline
8 years of HR business partnering experience supporting leaders or management consulting
A combination of HR experience in the following areas: Organizational design, succession planning, performance management, diversity and inclusion, business consulting, compensation and rewards, recognition programs, culture keeper, employee engagement, coaching and development, talent acquisition, data analysis, and employee relations.
Demonstrated solid judgment and experience assessing risk relative to the business
Propensity to thrive in ambiguity and gray areas
Strong bias for action and not afraid to roll up your sleeves
Experience using data to identify insights that drive action
Experience helping regions grow in a global andor matrixed organizations
Effective communication and critical thinking skills
Consulting, coaching and facilitation skills
Ability to work well in a fast-paced, iterative environment, open to changes in focus and direction.
Bi-lingugal in English and Spanish

An ideal candidate also has:

Masters or MBA
Experience working in a technology environment
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.