Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40 of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means youll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team thats shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, youll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. 
Recent awards weve won include:
Glassdoors Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey. About the role:
The Samsara Product Marketing team is looking for an experienced product marketer to drive marketing efforts for Samsaras Mexico frontier. Were looking for someone who can build compelling messaging through customer centric storytelling and solution-driven narratives. In this role youll work cross-functionally to create new solution-driven narratives, drive sales enablement, and develop internal processes to up-level our team, and help Samsara unlock market opportunities across Mexico industrial companies.
At Samsara, the Product Marketing team helps to shape the product roadmap, enable customer-facing teams, and drive new hardware and software product launches each year. At our core, we are expert storytellers, partnering closely with product, sales, customer success, and our broader marketing teams to create solution-driven narratives that resonate with our target audiences and drive business value. We are a fast growing team and you can expect this role to evolve over time, with opportunities to take on increasing levels of responsibility and impact our growth.
Your work will not only have a direct impact on the future of one of Samsaras most important industries but will also impact Samsaras long-term growth goals. This role is for you if you pride yourself on your creative problem-solving skills, draw conclusions using a data-driven approach, can execute quickly to support a fast-growing market, enjoy working with various teams and leaders, and are excited to learn new skills.
You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role wont be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
Youre energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best. 

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara. 
In this role, you will: 

Serve as a cross-product expert and create messaging that showcases Samsaras vision and unique story to diverse audiences and personas. The results can range from keynote presentations, to hands-on workshops, to customer-centric videos, and more.
Improve sales effectiveness by building end to end GTM programs. You will develop insights based on closed-lost and win data, voice of customer, industry trends, and competitive intel and translate those insights into actionable sales plays and tangible results.
Partner with GTM teams, including field marketing and demand generation teams, and up level our messaging and market positioning strategy.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsaras cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices

Minimum requirements for the role:

3 years of relevant experience in product marketing, solution marketing, growth marketing, sales enablement, or go-to-market strategy.
Youre detail-oriented, yet can think big picture; analytical, yet creative; and a self-starter who is not afraid to execute and get in the weeds.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in Spanish. Youre comfortable presenting to internal and external audiences (large and small) and are an expert at creating and editing everything from pithy emails to detailed launch plans to researched white-papers and more. 
Capable of becoming an expert on our customer lifecycle, and ways in which customer needs are evolving and how our product meets them.
Strong cross-functional leader  you have on-the-job experience managing and communicating complex projects with many stakeholders.  
Located in Mexico City and availability to travel to 4-6 events per year in the country 
Occasional in office collaboration will be required for role
Bilingual: English and Spanish required

An ideal candidate also has:

Experience in high-growth technology companies andor fast-paced startups; youre happiest operating without a set playbook and hold yourself to a high standard of excellence. 
Experience in B2B marketing who works with a high sense of urgency and driven work ethic to drive business outcomes.
Analytical chops to understand data and measure the effectiveness of marketing programs.

 At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewingsamsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working 
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where theyre based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individuals ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company. 
 
Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.