We are building the Business Transformation team to help create and improve processes and systems for Scale. The Business Transformation team is responsible for improving strategic, financial and operational decisions by partnering with the leadership team in making critical decisions across Scale. 
The Business Transformation team will play a critical role in ensuring the GTM, Finance, and Accounting teams have the best insights, tools, and processes to run effectively and efficiently. This is our first Integration Architect hire on the Business Transformation team  you will work closely across GTM, finance, accounting, people operations, and many cross-functional stakeholders to transform our existing capabilities through improved business processes and automations. This role will be directly responsible for building out automations and integrations between our applications using best practices to scale. You will partner with stakeholders to apply critical and strategic thinking, influence decisions and create solutions that will benefit the whole organization.
You will:

Establish processes that will govern how the Business Transformation team approaches integrations and automation solutions
Partner with leaders across IT, Analytics, Data Engineering, Sales Operations, Accounting, Finance to develop and establish an automation mindset focused on long-term scale
Build trusted partnerships with many stakeholders (e.g. GTM, Operations, EPD, People Operations, Legal, etc.) to collaborate, identify risks and establish transparency to mitigate unexpected impacts to the Business Transformation team
Partner with cross-functional teams to establish and maintain an automation roadmap for all internal applications and own the execution of that roadmap
Drive the companys automation strategy and execution of critical integrations (e.g. quote-to-cash, invoicing, and procure-to-pay)
Document and maintain an inventory of automations, integrations, and data architecture design
Own the end-to-end process for all automations which includes: requirements gathering, solution design, build, test and validation, and deployment

Ideally youd have:

Bachelors degree with a major in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field
5 years of relevant work experience around automating GTM, Finance, and Accounting processes and systems implementation
Have in-depth experience building integrationsautomations with an iPaaS such as Workato, Mulesoft, Boomi, etc
Knowledge and experience with applications such as Salesforce  CPQ, NetSuite, Coupa, Anaplan, Adaptive Insights, Anrok, Workday, Tableau, Snowflake 
Experience in process improvement methodologies and leading organizational transformation practices
An agile mindset that will iterate through blockers and build foundational architecture for future scale

The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub location of San Francisco, is 140,000-168,000. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend. About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.