Software is eating the world, but AI is eating software. We live in unprecedented times  AI has the potential to exponentially augment human intelligence. Every person will have a personal tutor, coach, assistant, personal shopper, travel guide, and therapist throughout life. As the world adjusts to this new reality, leading platform companies are scrambling to build LLMs at billion scale, while large enterprises figure out how to add it to their products. To make them safe, aligned and actually useful, these models need human eval and reinforcement learning through human feedback (RLHF) during pre-training, fine-tuning, and production evaluations. This is the main innovation thats enabled ChatGPT to get such a large headstart among competition.
At Scale, our Generative AI Data Engine powers the most advanced LLMs and generative models in the world through world-class RLHF, human data generation, model evaluation, safety, and alignment. The data we are producing is some of the most important work for how humanity will interact with AI.
Were looking for an amazing Engineering Managers to join our team. In this role, you will lead the design and development of our Generative AI Data Engine, ensuring its scalability, efficiency, and robustness. Youll also get widespread exposure to the forefront of the AI race as Scale sees it in enterprises, startups, governments, and large tech companies.
Lead, mentor, and manage a team of AI engineers, providing guidance and support to help them achieve their professional goals.
Foster a collaborative and innovative team culture, encouraging knowledge sharing and cross-functional collaboration.
You will:

Manage a team of highly effective engineers. Provide guidance, mentorship, and technical leadership to a team of researchers and engineers working on Generative AI projects. 
Work closely with customers - some of the most sophisticated ML organizations in the world - to build out products and platform to achieve customers research goals .
Scale and grow a highly collaborative and effective team, along side our business growth
Collaborating with cross-functional teams to define, design, and execute strategic roadmap.

Ideally youd have:

8 years of full-time engineering experience, post-graduation
3 year of prior engineering management or equivalent experience, has managed eng team of 8 to 15
Have extensive experience in software development and deep understanding of AI, Machine Learning, and Data Science
Experience scaling products at hyper-growth startups
Excitement to work with AI technologies
Show a track record of mentoring and leading teams in successful projects
Possess excellent communication and collaboration skills, and the ability to translate complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders

Nice to haves:

Deep technical knowledge of Software Development, willing to get deep into the weeds to solve problems along side the team
Have experience with AI platforms and technologies, including generative models and LLMs
About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.