Are you ready to lead a team that embodies a cultural ideology of excellence, collaboration, and growth? Join us as a Platinum Tasker Lead (PTL) and play a pivotal role in shaping the future of our team.

Were seeking talented individuals with proven leadership experience, excellent communication skills, and a bachelors degree in any field to work remotely in the USA on exciting projects.
This is a full-time position.
Native level in English is a must, as this position is remote within the US.
Must be authorized to work in the USA.

What Youll Do:

Lead and inspire a team of high-quality Platinum taskersDrive excellence and set new standards in our industry.
Aspire to be at the forefront of the tech industry, driving innovation while also ensuring that your team meets the required quality standards by providing feedback, conducting audits, and delivering necessary training.
Promote a growth mindset and actively seek opportunities for team members to learn, adapt, and grow.
Motivate and incentivize the team to ensure stable work, better earnings, and a positive tasker experience.

As a Platinum Tasker Manager (PTL), you will be at the forefront of our team. Our team thrives on a commitment to excellence, the power of collaboration, and a relentless pursuit of growth. If youre a leader who values these core principles, we invite you to apply for this key role in our organization.
Earnings  Duration:

Earnings are 20 plus rewards.
Location: US Remote (must be authorized to work in the USA). 

Join us in shaping the future of AI-generated content. Apply today and be part of our innovative team! 
Please ensure you meet the USA location and work authorization requirements before applying.About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.