At Scale, we believe that AI will dramatically improve the world, and our mission is to accelerate the development of AI. As Scale continues to build and develop its field marketing and event program within the public sector space, we are looking for an Events  Field Marketing Manager to support our Federal Government team in their event and field marketing initiatives including but not limited to third-party trade show sponsorships, sales and community events, Scale hosted executive events, Scale hosted practitioner events and meetups, and our annual flagship conference, Scale Summit. 
You will join a rapidly growing team with the opportunity to manage and execute events from start to finish, drive lead generation and pipeline growth, and plan event programming with the largest names in AI. The successful candidate will have a solid understanding of the U.S. Federal Government markets, strong project management skills, a strategic mindset, and a passion for public sector work. 
You will: 

Execute all planning and logistics for all federal executive dinners, meetups, happy hours, and sponsored trade shows
Establish event activities in line with sales goals and deal acceleration, prioritizing goals from the Federal team leadership and Business Development team on event location and audience 
Work closely with EPD and Marketing Editorial teams on ML Practitioner Events in an effort to build Federal content and prospect database within the DC area 
Manage contractor relationships including event production firms and outside vendors, and event budgets
Align with growth marketing on marketing campaigns and marketing qualified lead (MQL) reporting
Track event campaign performance, measuring ROI, results, and metrics through Salesforce
Own all aspects of Scales annual hosted federal conference, Scale AI Gov Summit
Support the AI Governance and Policy portion of Scales annual Scale Summit conference including content, speaker logistics, agenda, and overall in-person and remote event experience
Interface with external executives and their teams in order to secure speakers and support their presentation planning for Scale hosted events and conferences
Willingness to travel up to 50

Ideally youd have: 

Minimum 5 years experience in event marketing or event management with Federal marketing
Experience fully managing and executing events ranging from 30 to 500 attendees 
Ability to manage and multi-task on multiple projects and events while liaising across internal teams with multiple stakeholders 
Impeccable attention to detail and proactive approach to troubleshooting 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills - you will be interfacing with the worlds leading executives and their teams 

Nice to haves: 

Experience with Hubspot, Salesforce, and Outreach 
Collaborative and positive attitude, with ability to work across teams including with executive leadership and external executives 
Community experience a plus

 
The base salary range for this full-time position in Washington DC is 113,000- 136,000. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.