Scale is looking for an experienced Finance leader to build and lead our Operations Finance team. This role will be instrumental in setting strategy, financial plans, and operating rigor as we accelerate the adoption of AI. 
We are looking for a leader who will be both strategic and tactical in owning and building the finance team and processes. You will be responsible for owning the operating model, helping to drive quarterly and annual planning, managing unit economics, and partnering across the team to make financially sound, data-driven decisions. 
This is a highly cross-functional role, as you will collaborate across internal teams including product, engineering, legal, marketing, and operations.
In this role, you will have a front-row seat to help build our business. We hope youll join us!
You will:

Serve as the Finance business partner to Operations,  leading strategic and financial planning discussions
Manage the Operations operating budget to evaluate investment strategies and provide real-time tracking to the Head of Ops
Engage with the business to manage headcount and expense forecasts, own weekly and monthly financial reporting, KPIs, presentations, and other critical analysis requests for the leadership team 
Lead, grow, and develop a team of high-performing finance professionals responsible for planning, business partnership, and ad-hoc strategic analysis, such as growth investments, pricing and costing, or investment evaluations
Partner with other finance and accounting areas to support month-end close, flux review processes, and deliver high-quality financial reporting, close packages, and disclosures
Own, refine and implement the operating cadence and associated financial systems and tools to track Operations KPIs, and performance 
Drive the roadmap for initiatives including internal billings system, strategic initiatives to enhance growth and de-risk our top-line plan, as well as provide greater insights into the return on marketplace investments
Act as a strategic thought partner to our Operations leadership team and CFO for long-term decisions around the growth of our marketplace 

Ideally, youd have:

Minimum of 10 years of financial experience working directly in  Corporate Finance, FPA, Strategic Finance, andor investment banking
Deep understanding of B2B SaaS businesses, andor scaling a technology businesses
Experience improving and streamlining processes, and developing solutions to operational inefficiencies
Demonstrated excellent project management skills, ability to manage and manipulate large data sets, critically analyze existing processes, and identify opportunities for process improvement
Strong knowledge of Google Suite, MS Office; expert Excel modeling skills and Salesforce 
Strong executive presence and interpersonal skills; ability to lead discussions with the Executive Team 
Demonstrated ability to lead and grow a high functioning Finance team and deliver quality results as a team leader
Demonstrated ability to build outstanding and effective relationships with cross-functional teams
Experience with financial systems (e.g. Anaplan, Adaptive Insights)

Nice to haves:

A Bachelors degree with a major in Finance andor Accounting
IPO experience a plus
Experience in SQL and Business Intelligence tools a plus

The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub locations of San Francisco, New York, or Seattle is 220,000 - 264,000. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.