Scales Talent Acquisition team is an integral part of the organizations success. In this role, you will partner directly with executives (up to the C-suite) and other leaders on Recruiting, People, Finance, and IT. You are a data-driven builder and an innovator: unafraid to try new things, build new processes and consistently innovate existing ones, and test creative new strategies. You understand when specific processes no longer serve as intended and can see around corners. You thrive on details and operational excellence and hold a high bar for yourself, your peers, and your team. You are excited about setting the tone of our recruiting strategy and being a key part of the leadership team. 
You will:

Lead a team of program managers and talent acquisition professionals to maximize efficiency, enablement, and planning for our global recruiting efforts 
Partner with cross-functional leaders globally and oversee headcount management, recruiting enablement, talent marketing, candidate experience, recruiting insights, and early career programs 
Understand business priorities  objectives; help build a high impact, max velocity hiring strategy that addresses key gaps between the talent in place today and the talent required to drive business success
Iterate and advance our talent acquisition capacity model to most accurately  inform optimal allocation of resources to meet hiring needs across the global workforce
Create a best-in-class talent marketing strategy, positioning Scale as an employer of choice for both early career and tenured professionals 
Bolster and nurture the pipeline from our inbound and referral channels
Drive the strategy for the recruiting coordination team, ensuring both a seamless experience for candidates and interviewers across our global offices and remotely 
Be committed to presence in the SFHQ office twice a week, we are a hybrid workplace (we also have offices in New York, Washington DC, Saint Louis, Mexico City, and Europe)  

Ideally youd have:

8 years of experience in Talent Acquisition and 5 years managing TA Operations 
4 years of experience managing managers 
Extensive experience managing operations on  Talent Acquisition efforts that support 100 hires per quarter 
Demonstrated experience partnering with senior level stakeholders, up to the executive level,  on global company-wide initiatives
A data-driven approach to decision-making that leads to increased operational effectiveness  efficiencies with a keen ability to explain data insights to talent  business partners of all levels 
A business mindset and understanding of how your impact in talent directly translates to the greater success of the organization
Demonstrated passion and ability for leading, motivating, and coaching teams of ICs and Managers 
An expert with our Talent Acquisition tools suite such as Greenhouse, Tableau, Google Analytics, Gem, LinkedIn Recruiter, Modernloop (nice to have)  at an admin-level access
A focus and commitment to building diverse teams

Nice to haves:

Previous startup experience
Hands-on SQL ability 

 
The base salary range for this full-time position in San Francisco is 152,000 - 182,400. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.