
Scale is a rapidly growing, venture-backed series-E startup that is changing the way organizations around the world build AI applications. We are looking for a strong Concept Developer who can support the Business Development (BD) team in the execution of our Go to Market strategy to deliver our products to Government agencies to build their AIML capabilities. This role will be involved in our long-term strategy, help grow Scales established federal business, and have a massive impact on the adoption of cutting-edge technologies for the nation. Concept developers are expected to become intimately familiar with Scales product suite, use cases, ideal customer profile, and technical architecture. The career growth path of the Concept Developer is that of a technical pre-sales function. Once an expert in proposing a specific solution using Scales technology, the concept developer will have the ability to advance into a customer-facing, Solutions Engineering (SE) role.

You will:

Analyze information required for customer solution development
Generate innovative ideas for content and workflow solutions
Pursue opportunities and provide input to our federal GTM strategy
Leverage technical teams and other stakeholders to identify emerging trends in AIML
Partner with Scale SEs to deliver customer pilots according to requirements agreed by the customer
Deliver compliant, professionally produced proposals within customer defined timeframes
Meet with subject matter experts (SMEs) to ensure specialized topics are appropriately addressed
Coordinate and reviewedit proposal input from a variety of stakeholders, typically involving contributions from sales, product teams, finance, commercial, and legal
Develop content in response to Government requirements

Ideally youd have:





Bachelors Degree in Computer Science
Experience with and understanding of Department of Defense and other Government agencies
Experience with data science or AIML applications
A strong desire to roll up your sleeves and help build a business in an extremely fast-paced environment
Ability to work OT as required to meet Government deadlines
Eligibility for a Top-Secret security clearance is required
Personality traits:

Intellectually curious
High velocity
Empathetic



Nice to haves: 

Masters Degree in Computer Science
Experience with and understanding of the Intelligence Community and other
Government agencies
Strong background and experience in AIML
Understanding of Government acquisition
Knowledge of Federal Acquisition Regulations

The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub location Washington, DC, is 89,600 - 107,520. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.

About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.