Scale AI is looking for an experienced and highly skilled Product Designer to lead the design efforts for our Public Sector Business Unit. As the founding designer for the team, you will be responsible for designing multiple concurrent projects for the U.S government. This is an impactful and high-visibility role where you will have the opportunity to influence everything from new product vision to owning the product design workstream for an entire business unit.
Working collaboratively with cross-functional teams, you will lead the end-to-end design process from ideation to launch, ensuring that all designs meet the highest quality standards and are delivered on time. You will create user flows, wireframes, prototypes, and high-fidelity mockups that effectively communicate design concepts and solutions to stakeholders, while also conducting usability testing and iterating on designs based on user feedback and data-driven insights.
This is an exciting opportunity to join a talented and passionate team, working on cutting-edge technology projects in the AI, machine learning, and language model space. If you have a strong portfolio showcasing B2B enterprise-level web designs, and experience and can handle large scoped projects with a high degree of ambiguity, we encourage you to apply.
Responsibilities:

Lead the end-to-end design process for multiple concurrent projects, from ideation to launch, ensuring all products meet the highest quality standards as the sole designer for this business unit.
Create user flows, wireframes, prototypes, and high-fidelity mockups that effectively communicate design concepts and solutions to stakeholders.
Partner with the department head to create a compelling product vision for the business unit and establish good design practices and relationships with stakeholders.
Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including product management, engineering, and operations, to understand business and user needs and translate them into product designs.
Conduct user research and usability testing to gather feedback and insights that inform design decisions and iterate on designs accordingly.
Adapt and maintain a branch of our existing design system that can be applied across multiple Federal projects to ensure consistency and scalability.

Requirements and qualifications:

U.S. security clearance is preferred
Exceptional interaction design, visual design, and product thinking skills with a strong portfolio showcasing enterprise-level web and mobile designs.
High level of proficiency in Figma, including the ability to use design systems and autolayout to ensure consistency and scalability.
Ability to make calculated trade-offs and execute designs quickly without compromising quality.
Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to articulate design decisions to influence stakeholders and work collaboratively with cross-functional teams, including Product Engineers, Software Engineers, and SMEs.
Extensive experience designing complex B2B and enterprise desktop web applications for government clients.
Strong prototyping skills and experience conducting user research and usability testing to gather feedback and insights that inform design decisions.

Nice to haves:

Experience designing for dark mode web applications.
Experience designing with geospatial data and creating complex data visualizations.
Basic understanding of machine learning, AI, and language models.
Experience designing chatbots.
Experience with defense tech and working with government and military clients.
At least 5 years of professional experience in product design or a related field (preferred but not required for candidates with strong portfolios).

 
The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub locations of San Francisco, New York, or Seattle, is 164,800 - 197,760. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.