Were hiring a GenAI Specialist to train generative artificial intelligence models to become better writers, help solve complex problems, and were looking for people to work directly with Product  Engineering leads to improve internal software for data annotation use-cases.
As an GenAI Specialist, you will:


Have proficiency in advanced writing skills, editing, and a solid understanding of typical use cases for AI chatbots, including their capabilities


Create original and challenging prompts for an AI model to engage with


Stack-rank a series of responses that were produced by an AI model


Ability to discern the limitations and possibilities of chatbot capabilities, assess responses for safety and bias, and provide accurate ratings


Assess whether a piece of text produced by an AI model is factually accurate, helpful, will introduce bias, unsafe, and grade other dimensions 


Work with engineering and design leads to improve tooling, identify bugs or performance issues, and ultimately test new features to enhance the data annotation workflow


Requirements:


Ideal candidate will have a bachelors degree or equivalent years of professional experience where creating and editing written communication was a core responsibility


Excellent command of the English language and its grammar rules; can adapt to style-guides and follow complex labeling protocol(s) across a wide variety of domains (e.g., STEM, History, Sports, Law, Politics, etc.)


Located in San Francisco, CA and open to working in-person 40 hours per week


Preferred qualifications:


Completion of a liberal arts degree program that is heavily writing-focused (Journalism, Literature, Linguistics, Communication, Philosophy, History, English, or similar)


Experience in one of the below areas:



Professional Translation


Professional Writing (e.g. copywriter, journalist, technical writer, editor, translator, instructional designer)


Education


Experience working with product, design, and engineering teams

Benefits:


96 hours of PTO accrued per year at a rate of 1 hour for every 20 hours worked


13 paid holidays


Pre-tax commuter benefits


Employer (HireArt) Subsidized healthcare benefits


Flexible Spending Account for healthcare-related costs


HireArt covers all costs for short and long-term disability and life insurance


401k package


Commitment: This is a full-time, on-going contract position staffed via HireArt with the potential to extend. It is onsite and available to candidates local to the San Francisco, Ca area.
HireArt values diversity and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. Unfortunately, we are not able to sponsor visas or employ corp-to-corp.About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.