
Scale is at the forefront of enabling Machine Learning across multiple industries including self driving cars. As one of Scales Operations Program Manager, youll be running solutions, tools, and processes to ensure timely delivery of our services while maintaining the highest quality standards. We are growing operations rapidly, on-boarding new customers, and launching products all the time. This raises new strategic questions we need to answer as well as tactical challenges we need to overcome.
 
You will be part of a highly motivated team of operators and collaborators who will ensure steady delivery and customer satisfaction. You are relentless in driving stellar results, running pilots, tests, and experiments, then handing over new designs to a team of skilled operators.
 
The blend of operations, process improvement, and cross-functional leadership make this a unique and exciting role that will provide an opportunity to work with multiple teams (e.g., Engineering, Marketing, Operations, Analytics, and several others) across the company and around the globe.

You will:

Drive some of our most critical operational processes
Improve existing processes and tools globally
Collaborate with stakeholders to improve processes for new and existing customers
Create an effective feedback loop between the frontline, product, strategy, and customers
Build, maintain, and regularly communicate detailed reporting for other leaders across the company who will use your teams data to inform their own operations and strategy
Be based in the SF Bay Area, Seattle or New York metropolitan areas

Ideally youd have:

Industry experience in supply chain, finance planning, in an operational role andor in a top tier consulting firm
An undergraduate degree from a top university in an analytics heavy major (e.g., Engineering or Economics) andor a graduate degree from a top university in Engineering, Economics, or Business
Experience leading day to day activities and improving processes
An action oriented mindset that balances creative problem solving with the desire to run through walls to deliver outcomes
Analytical, planning, and process improvement capability

Nice to haves:

Experience with reading SQL andor another database language

 
The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub locations of San Francisco, New York, or Seattle, is 89,600-107,520. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.