We are building the Finance team to help make data-driven and financially sound decisions for Scale. The Finance team is responsible for improving strategic, financial, and operational decisions by partnering with the leadership team in making critical decisions across Scale. 
The Finance team is responsible for owning the companys budget, helping to drive quarterly and annual planning processes, allocating and deploying the companys resources efficiently, and performing financial analyses in partnership with all departments. You will have a unique opportunity to work closely with department heads on real-time high-priority business issues and use quantitative insights to drive better decision-making across Scale. The ideal candidate will not only have the technical skills to support their recommendations but also strong interpersonal skills to manage various stakeholders. We hope youll join us!
You will:

Serve as the Finance business partner to support the SVP of Operations and other Operations leaders in quarterly and annual strategic and financial planning discussions
Engage with the business to manage revenue and COGS forecasts, own weekly and monthly financial reporting, KPIs, presentations, and other critical analysis requests
Evaluate investment strategies, facilitate ad-hoc analyses, and own special projects including, but not limited to:

Support the launch of new product lines
Assess new risks and opportunities for corporate initiatives (e.g. expanding operations into new locations, compensation philosophy, etc.)
Drive internal initiatives to improve data infrastructure and reporting

Partner closely with the accounting team during the month-end close process to ensure accurate general ledger and company-wide financial statement reporting
Collaborate with accounting and engineering to implement an internally developed software process
Develop and maintain KPIs to assist with the decision-making that aligns with the companys objectives 

 
Ideally, youd have:

Minimum of 3 years of financial analysis experience working directly in a Corporate Finance, Strategic Finance, or FPA role
Demonstrated excellent project management skills, ability to manage and manipulate large data sets, critically analyze existing processes, and identify opportunities for process improvement
Strong knowledge of Google Suite, and MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint); expert Excel modeling skills 

Nice to haves:

1 years of investment banking experience
A Bachelors degree with a major in finance or accounting
Experience in SQL and Business Intelligence tools a plus
Experience with Anaplan andor Adaptive Insights a plus
Experience supporting EPD organizations is a plus
3 years of experience in a highly strategic, analytical, and operational role within a rapidly growing company

The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub locations of San Francisco, New York, or Seattle, is 108,000-168,000. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend. 
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.