Scale is looking for a Security Engineer to work on our Security Operations team. You will be responsible for developing and maintaining strong monitoring, detections, and incident response systems at Scale to keep our employees and infrastructure protected against threats. Ideal candidates have been involved in security efforts in early-stage companies in the past or have extensive experience in a security detection role. You will have a broad mandate and will be expected to drive change and be an evangelist of security throughout the company. Your core responsibilities will be around enabling, improving, and monitoring our security detection capabilities, from identifying visibility gaps to improving existing pipelines. Youll be hands on for incident response, investigations, and forensics and a leader within our Security Operations lifecycle.
You will:

Propose, design, build, and deploy improvements across all aspects of Scales detection and response pipeline.
Build and monitor integrations between security solutions and ensure the completeness and accuracy of ingested data.
Identify opportunities for implementing additional technology controls to build more visibility or defend key points of attack.
Work with our internal colleagues, advisors, third party vendors, and auditors on security reviews, reports, and compliance projects.
Collaborate with software and production engineering teams to develop scalable and flexible Incident Response and Investigative solutions.
Focus on ruthlessly prioritizing, automating and scaling every aspect of our detection and response capabilities

Ideally youd have:

4 years of experience in a similar role
Expert understanding of system, network, infrastructure and security concepts.
Experience securing SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS cloud environments.
Experience responding to both external and insider threats.
Experience analyzing network and host-based security events.
Knowledge of networking technologies, specifically TCPIP and the related protocols.
Knowledge of operating systems, file systems, and memory structures on Windows, MacOS and Linux.
Experience with attacker tactics, techniques, and procedures.
Familiar with Javascript, Node, Python, Linux, and AWS — or comparable technologies — and are able to think through the security implications of systems built using them.
Expert level of knowledge of network security monitoring (NSM) techniques.

The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub locations of San Francisco, New York, or Seattle is 153,600 - 184,320. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.