The goal of the ML team at Scale is to develop machine learning solutions advancing the company mission. Our current focus areas are computer vision (2D3D detection, 2D3D segmentation, object tracking), meta-learning (e.g. semi-supervised learning, active learning), and Natural Language Processing. Youll be working on a combination of deeply technical ML applications in production and cutting edge research problems. Working at Scale will give you opportunities to work with our wide customer base which includes leading research teams and exposure to a wide range of problems within machine learning. 
We are building a large hybrid human-machine system in service of ML pipelines for dozens of industry-leading customers. Our machine learning models form the basis for Scales expansion and future product strategy.  We currently complete billions of tasks a month, and will continue to grow to support more complex use cases and more advanced ML powered products.
Example Projects:

Research and develop machine learning solutions to assist humans in the loop.
Develop systems that improve the creation of high quality ground truth data with speed and accuracy.
Work with public Large Language models to benchmark and make custom versions for internal use cases.
Take state of the art models developed internally and from the community, use them in production to solve problems for our customers and taskers.
Take models currently in production, identify areas for improvement, improve them using retraining and hyperparameter searches, then deploy without regressing on core model characteristics.
Work with product and research teams to identify opportunities for improvement in our current product line and for enabling upcoming product lines.
Work with massive datasets to develop both generic models as well as fine tune models for specific products.

Required to have:

Graduating Fall of 2023 or Spring of 2024 from a PhD or MS Program with a focus on Machine Learning, Deep Learning, AI, Natural Language Processing, or Computer Vision 
Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including: Python, Javascript, or similar
Ability to speak and write in English fluently

Ideally youd have:

Have had a previous internship around Machine Learning, Deep Learning, or Computer Vision
Experience as a researcher, including internships, full-time, or at a lab
Publications in top-tier journals such as NeurIPS, ICLR, CVPR, AAAI, etc. or contributions to open source projects

 
The base salary range for this full-time position in San Francisco, CA is 144,000 - 172,800. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.