Scale is a rapidly-growing, venture-backed Series E startup that is changing the way organizations around the world build AI applications. Were looking for a strong business development (BD) lead with experience winning large U.S. government contracts to help us offer our AIML products to U.S. government agencies. This role will be deeply involved in overall strategy, help grow Scales established federal business, and have a massive impact on the adoption of cutting-edge AIML technologies for the nation.
Scale is a vital part of bringing ML-enabled technologies to U.S. government missions. Our U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) customer base is growing exponentially, and youll be on the front lines ensuring were able to effectively field AIML in support of National Security. Our Deployment Strategists identify key customers within our strategic DoD accounts (like the Army) and work closely with Scale Solution Engineers (SEs) to align on the right solutions and technical approaches needed to address existing requirements and win work. Deployment Strategists also partner with DoD end-users to identify and co-design solutions for emerging requirements. 
You will:

High-fidelity requirement and relationship mapping within target Army customer offices to identify opportunities for Scales business and offerings
Pursue those opportunities and provide inputfeedback to our federal GTM strategy
Accurately forecast and close high dollar-value opportunities
Be involved in everything from writing RFPs to directly pitching key stakeholders on what Scale can offer
Leverage technical teams and other key stakeholders across the executive level to help discuss emerging trends in AIML
Partner with Scale SEs to deliver customer pilots according to requirements agreed by the customer
Evangelize Scale and interact with federal customers at events

Ideally youd have:

Minimum 5-10 years experience in an Defense-focused technical sales or consulting role
Proven track record closing high-value, multi-year deals (more than 10M)
Prior experience with the DoD as a civil servant (GS-1314), service member (O34), or consultant
Established relationships or connections within Army accounts
Experience in AIML or with a highly technical product and team
A strong desire to roll up your sleeves and help build a business in an extremely fast-paced environment
Ability to travel 20-30 of the time
Eligibility for a Secret security clearance is required; an active Top Secret clearance is strongly preferred
Based in the National Capitol Region, with the ability to work out of Scales D.C. office 2-3 days a week

Personality traits:

Intellectually curious
High velocity
Empathetic
Persistent
Creative

 
The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub location of Washington, DC is 162,000 - 192,000. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.