The goal of a Machine Learning Engineer at Scale is to bring techniques in the fields of computer vision, deep learning and deep reinforcement learning, or natural language processing into a production environment to improve Scales products and customer experience. Our research engineers take advantage of our unique access to massive datasets to deliver improvements to our customers.
We are building a large hybrid human-machine system in service of ML pipelines for Federal Government customers. We currently complete millions of tasks a month, and will grow to complete billions of tasks monthly. 
You will:


Take state of the art models developed internally and from the community, use them in production to solve problems for our customers and taskers.


Take models currently in production, identify areas for improvement, improve them using retraining and hyperparameter searches, then deploy without regressing on core model characteristics


Work with product and research teams to identify opportunities for improvement in our current product line and for enabling upcoming product lines


Work with massive datasets to develop both generic models as well as fine tune models for specific products


Build the scalable ML platform to automate our ML service

Be a representative for how to apply machine learning and related techniques throughout the engineering and product organization

Be able, and willing, to multi-task and learn new technologies quickly


Ideally Youd Have:


US Government Security Clearance is a requirement (TSSCI preferred)


Extensive experience using computer vision, deep learning and deep reinforcement Learning, or natural language processing in a production environment


Solid background in algorithms, data structures, and object-oriented programming


Strong programing skills in Python or Javascript, experience in Tensorflow or PyTorch


Nice to Haves:


Graduate degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence specialization


Experience working with cloud technology stack (eg. AWS or GCP) and developing machine learning models in a cloud environment


Experience with generative AI models


 
The base salary range for this full-time position in Washington DC, is 200,800 - 240,960. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.