Scale is seeking an experienced Account Executive to lead growth and impact from Scales products. Scale is an AI infrastructure platform that empowers machine learning developers and organizations to build the worlds most ambitious AI solutions.  As part of the leadership team in GTM, you will oversee a customer segment, drive pipeline, and close deals within this customer segment. You will:

Own Scales execution for driving impact through customer growth and success. In this highly visible role, you will own business plans and drive impact from one of our highest growth segments within Scale. 
Forecast opportunities, drive accountability cross functionally, and most importantly CLOSE DEALS! 
Work in ambiguity. You are going to be working on selling products very early in development, iterating on those sales models, and closing marquee customers for our new products.   
Focus on developer  API technologies and consumption based technology. At Scale, customer relationships are dependent on technical performance. 
Work cross functionally with Executive Leadership, Product, Marketing, Legal, Finance, Operations, and Compliance to ensure customer success. 
Demonstrate strong consultative relationships with external partners and internal cross-functional teams at all levels. 
Create, develop, and communicate executive level materials.
Quantify business needs and develop metrics. 

 
Ideally, youd have:

Experience selling  to OEMs and Tier 1 Suppliers is a MUST.
Expertise in selling to digital first companies and can use and adopt technologies to build a better world. Experience defining requirements and building strategies to effectively scale revenue through early product development, and leading teams focused on impact as well as revenue.  
4 years of Solution Sales experience and a track record of personally selling and closing complex solutions to enterprise and software companies in the deal size of XM or XXM.
Experience selling both to a business and technical audience.
Demonstrated success by achieving quota on a consistent basis.
Ability to drive the sales process from internal leads to qualifying new prospects and managing deals to closure.
Passion for what you do and you are able to think outside of the box.
Strong sales process skills, you are not afraid of entering details into Salesforce or building dashboards for yourself to manage your work 

This position can be located remote in the E.U. with a preference on Germany, or in Asia, with a preference on Japan or Korea. No matter where you are based, you will experience a company that believes in small teams for maximum impact; seeks well-rounded talent to ensure a full perspective on our customers experience, understands that this is a marathon, not a sprint; that continuously and purposefully builds an inclusive culture that empowers everyone to do their best work and be the best version of themselves. Languages: German (native language speaker)  English. Sales Commission: This role is eligible to earn commissions.About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.