Description:
Scale is at the forefront of powering AI and LLMs across multiple industries. Our thesis is that to build exceptional LLMs you need exceptional human beings to train them. Humans are essential in providing the best training data for these models, and Scale operates the largest network of humans in the world to provide this training data.
As the Head of Quality Operations, you will be responsible for ensuring that our training data quality is as useful for customers as possible. You will own ideating what high-quality training means and looks like across various projects, driving thought leadership with our customers about data quality, developing the entire tasker training program, creating our golden datasets to programmatically evaluate taskers, and more.
The role involves a combination of strategic thinking, data analysis, roll-up-your-sleeves operations, and cross-functional collaboration. This is one of the highest-impact roles at the company.
The ideal candidate has a strong entrepreneurial mindset, is comfortable leading a team and working with them under ambiguity at a high velocity, and can make things happen.
 
Responsibilities Include:

Work with linguists, academics, and researchers to ensure Scale stays at the forefront of the definition of data quality
Own communication and thought leadership around data quality with key customers and stakeholders
Oversee the training materials and curriculum for our entire tasker base
Oversee the creation of our golden datasets to ensure we have a quality signal on our taskers in a scalable way
Work with project teams to understand the nuances and challenges of developing good training data, come up with perspectives on how those edge cases should be handled, and relay that perspective to our customers.
Lead a team of 6-8 people, including a training team, a golden-set-creation team, and a quality-ideation team

Who Were Looking For:

10 years of experience with an entrepreneurial background
Strong IC and strong managerial track record
Commitment and excitement to learn as much as possible about LLMs
Excited to solve ambiguous problems
A relentless attitude of testing and iterating
Strong communication skills
Own your outcomes

The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub locations of San Francisco, New York, or Seattle, is 200,000 - 225,000. 
Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. 
Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO.About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.