Scale plays a vital role in the development of AI. Our customer base is growing exponentially, and you will be on the front lines: ensuring that the worlds most innovative companies become passionate, lifelong Scale customers.
Our SolutionsField Application Engineers ensure customers first experiences with Scales technology is flawless and leads to a successful long-term partnership. Solutions Engineers partner closely with Account Executives to lead prospective customers through pre-sales pilots with the goal of getting to a Product Yes on the Scale product, providing input to Scales final proposal, and developing a post-sales on-boarding plan. Solutions Engineers are experts on Scales product and have general technical knowledge on web development and infrastructure. Solutions Engineers are strong relationship builders, great project managers and always fun to work with. 
You will:

Partner with Scale Account Executives to deliver customer pilots according to requirements agreed by the customer
Develop technical domain expertise in areas of 3D Point Clouds, 2D Image Annotation, and natural language use-cases
Be accountable for the customer experience during the pilot and closing phase of  new logos
Design, develop and maintain playbooks, demos and other tools for executing successful, efficient pilots
Evangelize Scale and interact with customers at major events
Work with Account Executives and Product Managers to identify customer specific feature requests

You have:

Strong engineering background preferably in Computer Science, Mathematics, or other quantitative fields
Prior experience developing with Python, Java and  or other web development languages
Prior experience working with clients in a pre or post-sales capacity to realize business goals
Strong project management and interpersonal skills
Presentation skills with a high degree of technical credibility when speaking with executives and front-line engineers
High level of comfort communicating effectively across internal and external organizations
Ability to travel 10-20 of the time in a post-COVID environment
Intellectual curiosity, empathy, and ability to operate with high velocity

Nice to haves:

Hands-on Experience in AI, Computer Vision, or NLP
Previous experience as a technical go-to-market resource
About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.