
Scales customer base is growing exponentially, and you will be on the front lines of ensuring that these customers become passionate, lifelong Scale users. As a member of our Customer Operations team, youll be accountable for driving revenue, hitting SLAs, and maintaining quality standards. For your customer base, you will kick off new projects and pilots, own the account plan, manage day to day execution for customers, work cross-functionally to deliver customer SLAs, and drive account consumption.
You are the ultimate all-rounder, triaging customer issues and support, using data and analytics to align internal resources around a successful customer experience, while also being the main contact and advocate for customers engineering and operations teams. Your bias towards finding not just one-off solutions, but repeatable and scalable ways to ensure we continually deliver on SLAs. You have a track record of managing customers to renewal and supporting sales teams managing upsells. And you are naturally empathetic and excel at building long-term relationships through diligent problem solving and thoughtful, strategic discussions. You will manage our supply operation funnel by building and running solutions, tools, and processes by working with a cross-functional team including Supply, Product Operations, Product Managers, and many others.
The blend of operations and customer management to drive our most important outcomes make this a unique and exciting role at the heart of Scales operations.The ideal candidate is customer-driven, analytical, empathetic, outcome focused, and above all someone who drives and inspires results. 
You will:

Build and drive some of our most critical operational processes: the delivery of SLAs and revenue consumption for our customers
Build and oversee levers with a relentless focus on SLA achievement and quality improvement 
Review, track and improve operational performances and be obsessed with continuous improvement
Own day-to-day delivery, from weekly planning to executing operational and quarterly business reviews
Oversee on-boarding and successful implementation for new accounts
Manage the long-term health of the customer base by identifying and preempting areas of risk or concern
Partner with clients to understand operational issues and advocate for their fixes with Scale engineers
Strategically identify ways we can make customer success repeatable and solve issues for future customers
Work directly with customers engineering teams, answering questions and addressing issues with use of our API
Create an effective feedback loop between the front line, product, strategy, and customers
Collaborate with stakeholders to improve processes for new and existing customers

Ideally youd have:

3-5 years of total work experience, with experience in consulting or as a technical program management role in industry 
Business Analyst  Senior Associate Consultant role at a Big 3 Consulting Firm
A technical background (education or professional experience with CS, Economics, Statistics, Engineering)
A proven track record in B2B client facing roles and expanding client relationships
Ability to understand the Scale API and build great relationships with technical customers
Great cross-functional experience and collaborative ability
Excellent verbal and written communications
A track record of structured, analytics-driven problem solving
A history of diligence and organization across multiple work streams
An action-oriented mindset that balances creative problem solving with the scrappiness to ultimately deliver results
Analytical, planning, and process improvement capability

Nice to haves:

Prior experience at an API technology company andor managing technical customers using an API
Experience with reading SQL andor another database language


 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.