Scale Spellbook is an enterprise-grade Generative AI platform that provides APIs for knowledge retrieval, inference, evaluation, and more. We are looking for a strong product engineer to join our team and help us scale and grow our product. The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of software engineering principles and practices, as well as experience with large-scale distributed systems. You will be responsible for owning large new areas within our product, working across backend, frontend, and interacting with LLMs and ML models. You will solve hard engineering problems in scalability and reliability.
 
You will:

Own large new areas within our product
Work across backend, frontend, and interacting with LLMs and ML models
Deliver experiments at a high velocity and level of quality to engage our customers
Work across the entire product lifecycle from conceptualization through production
Be able, and willing, to multi-task and learn new technologies quickly

 
Ideally youd have:

5 years of full-time engineering experience, post-graduation
Experience scaling products at hyper growth startups
Experience tinkering with or productizing LLMs, CV, vector databases, and the other latest AI technologies
Proficient in Python or JavascriptTypescript, and Sql database

 
The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub locations of San Francisco, New York, or Seattle is 212,800 - 258,121. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.