As Scales Analytics Engineer, you will spearhead building Scales analytical and business-intelligence infrastructure. Scales customers process millions of tasks through our APIs, and were looking for a talented Analytics Engineer to build scalable solutions to support this growth. You will have widespread purview, with responsibility for understanding, mining, aggregating, and exposing data across the entire business to support timely and efficient decision-making and data exploration. You will also implement Scales data warehouse, data mart, and business intelligence reporting environments, and help users transition their workflows to these systems.
You will:


Work with operations, finance, and engineering to drive the development of pipelines that provide single-source-of-truth foundational accuracy


Continually improve ongoing data pipelines and simplify self-service support for business stakeholders


Perform regular system audits, and create data quality tests to ensure complete and accurate reporting of datametrics


Ideally Youd Have:


3 years of relevant work experience in a role requiring application of data modeling and analytic skills


Ability to create extensible and scalable data schema and pipelines that lay the foundation for downstream analysis using SQL and Python


Experience with ETL tools and building  maintaining a data warehouse and data pipelines using tools such as DBT


Partner with operations and sales teams to automate manual workflows


Experience in using highly scalable data engineering technologies such as DBT, Airflow 


Experience in best practices in table partitioningdata sharding strategies and query optimization


 
The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub locations of San Francisco, New York, or Seattle, is 148,800  178,560. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.