Scale is at the forefront of enabling AI across multiple industries. As a Recruiting Operation Specialist for Growth, you will partner directly with other leaders on Recruiting, People, Finance, Growth and IT and work closely with department heads and the executive team.  You will own all things related to global recruiting operations including TA systems and tools, marketing and talent brand, internal compliance and processes, candidate experience and more. You will develop strategies to solve immediate issues all while planning for future growth and scale. You are a  builder: unafraid to try new things, build new processes, or test creative new strategies. You thrive on details and operational excellence and hold a high bar for yourself, your peers, and your team. You are excited about setting the tone of our recruiting strategy and being a key part of the leadership team. 
 
You will:

Be an integral member of the Growth Recruiting team, serving as a partner and the subject matter expert for all recruiting systems (ATS: Greenhouse), tools, and processes, and provide trainingonboarding as needed
Act as a key player in keeping all the internal hiring data clean and up-to-date in our systems
Be the driver behind impactful changes in the ATS and improvements to the recruiting workflow
Collaborate on internal initiatives to build out and improve data infrastructure and reporting
Proactively flag discrepancies in hiring plans, requisitions, interview plans, JDs, offer details, etc. and maintain data integrity and operational excellence within the team
Partner closely with Finance, HR Ops, HRBP, and IT to build efficiencies in our recruiting process utilizing the systems available to us
Required to come into the SFHQ office twice a week

Ideally youd have:

Minimum of 3- 7 years of experience working in RecOps at a rapidly growing company
Extensive experience using Greenhouse as a Site Admin (user permissions, approvals, custom options) and pulling ad hoc reports using our internal TA tools (report connector, reporting capabilities, and limitations)
Strong knowledge of Gsuite (VLOOKUP, pivot tables, data validation, conditional statements and formatting, filters, etc.)
Excellent communication skills—written and verbal, and the ability to adjust based on the audience
Must have a deep understanding of Recruiting Pipelines, Funnels and Conversion metrics
Demonstrated excellent project management skills, ability to pull and manipulate people data sets, critically analyze existing processes, and identify opportunities for process improvement
Ability to work with cross-functional partners 

 
Nice to Haves:

Ability to write SQL queries 
Previous startup experience
Experience with various TA tools such as Modernloop, Headcount365, Gem, and LinkedIn
Extreme attention to detail

 
The hourly salary range for this full-time position in San Francisco, CA is 60 to 65hr. This is a hybrid position - must be in-office 2x a week in San Francisco, CA.  The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. 
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.