Operations Strategy Manager, Public Sector
Washington D.C.
Full-time
Scales public sector business is looking for a sharp, outcome-oriented generalist to join our rapidly growing team. The Operations Strategy Manager will report directly to the Public Sector General Manager and partner with the rest of the leadership team to drive strategic initiatives, maintain our day-to-day operating cadence, and build a winning business. 
You will:

Establish the operating rhythm of the Public Sector team by driving a BU-wide reporting cadence, e.g., weekly business review, monthly business review
Own quarterly and annual business planning processes
Roll up your sleeves to run new cross-functional initiatives, including building new zero-to-one capabilities for the business, when needed
Accelerate high-value deals by attending and preparing for key customer meetings with the Public Sector GM, especially in new marketssegments that are early stage
Surface priorities for the BU as a strategic partner to the Public Sector GM and broader leadership team
Help champion a culture of trust, empowerment, and accountability

Ideally youd have:

5-7 years of work experience in high-growth generalist roles. This can include management consulting, business operations, founder, executive officer, chief of staff, military aide
Strong experience working cross-functionally with different stakeholder groups
A bias towards action and track record of driving differentiated outcomes wherever you go
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Nice to haves:

Prior federal or public sector work
MBA
Active U.S. security clearance (Secret or Top Secret - SCI)

The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub location of Washington, DC is 168,000 - 201,600. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.