As a member of our operations team, you will be accountable for driving revenue by ensuring that Scale AI meets customer commitments in a timely manner while maintaining the highest quality standards. You will manage our supply operation funnel by building and running solutions, tools, and processes by working with a cross-functional team including Customer Operations, Product Operations, Product Managers, and many others.
 
You will be solving problems no one has solved before, and you will need to be relentless in driving stellar results, running pilots, tests, and experiments. Youll come up with creative solutions to bottlenecks. The blend of operations and ownership of our most important outcomes make this a unique and exciting role at the heart of Scales daily operations.The ideal candidate is scrappy, analytical, empathetic, outcome focused, and above all someone who drives and inspires results. 
 
You will:

Build and drive some of our most critical operational processes
Own the day-to-day delivery of customer commitments
Create an effective feedback loop between the front line, product, strategy, and customers
Collaborate with stakeholders to improve processes for new and existing customers 

 
Ideally youd have:

Advanced English skills
Industry experience (2) in an operational role andor a top-tier consulting firm
An undergraduate degree with an analytics heavy major (e.g., Engineering or Economics) andor a graduate degree in Engineering, Economics, or Business
An action-oriented mindset that balances creative problem solving with the scrappiness to ultimately deliver results
Analytical, planning, and process improvement capability
Experience with reading SQL, or have demonstrated analytical skills

 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.