The Strategic Account Executive role will report into the Director of GTM for Generative AI and will be responsible for growing Scales market share in the Gen AI vertical. Scales Generative AI Go-To-Market team is responsible for selling into organizations building foundation models (eg. Llama2, DALL-E 3, GPT4). Our Ideal Customer Profile spans AI labs like OpenAI, Cohere, and Stability AI and enterprise B2B organizations that are productizing generative AI into their product suites, such as Salesforce, ServiceNow, and Databricks. This is a highly technical role that requires:

A deep understanding of AI and data and the ability to articulate technical concepts in simple, precise language
Experience running multi-threaded sales cycles to technical and business audiences audiences at the executive level
Successfully breaking into new accounts whilst growing existing accounts
Working cross functionally with Executive Leadership, Product, Marketing, Legal, Finance, Operations, and Compliance to ensure customer success. 

You will:

Work closely with the Director of Strategic Accounts on the overall GTM and revenue strategy for your account(s). Be responsible for driving revenue consumption and informing growth on your named account(s).
Use a solution approach and create value for customers
Orchestrate and work with teams cross-functionally to maximize the impact on your book of business
Build value with all engagements to promote successful negotiations to close
Build contingency plans and be the first point of contact in the event of an escalation. 
Drive very high degrees of client satisfaction as witnessed through continued partnership and growth.

Ideally youd have:

4-6 years of B2B sales or solutions engineering experience 
Experience defining requirements and building strategies to effectively scale revenue through early product development
3 years of Solution Sales experience and a track record of personally selling and closing complex solutions to enterprise and software companies in the deal size of XM or XXM
3 years of experience selling deeply technical products to technical audiences (ML engineers, data scientists, data engineers)
Experience selling both to business and technical audiences simultaneously
Demonstrated success by achieving quota on a consistent basis.
Ability to drive the sales process from prospecting, to qualifying new prospects, to managing deals to closure.
Passion for what you do and the creativity and willingness to think outside of the box
Strong sales process skills and systems skills (Salesforce, Outreach, Clari, Gong)
Demonstrated ability to develop strong consultative relationships with external partners and internal cross-functional teams at all levels. Experience with creating, developing, and communicating executive level materials.

Sales Commission: Additionally, this role is eligible to earn commissions.
The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub locations of San Francisco, New York, or Seattle, is 120,000 - 144,000. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.
Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.