At Scale, we believe that AI will dramatically improve the world, and our mission is to accelerate the development of AI. To help achieve this mission, we are looking for a Recruiter for our most critical teams that support all business operations (HR, Legal, Finance, IT).
AI is rapidly changing the world, and Scale is growing to meet that rapid demand. Our Recruiting team is an integral part of that strategy and has just as ambitious goals. Recruiters who join today will develop strategies that will scale alongside the new challenges were facing. Many of our greatest challenges are yet to be solved, and were looking to hire recruiters who will help us tackle those challenges.
You will:

Build a deep understanding of our business and culture in order to provide strategic thought partnership to teams that you support.
Drive and lead the full-lifecycle recruitment process from initial reach out to offer to close.
Develop relationships with your key stakeholders to ensure success in your role; including cross-functional partners
360-degree ownership of the recruiting process from the first intake to closing.
Collaborate with recruiting coordinators, recruiters, and hiring partners to build a transparent interview experience.
Foster trust-based relationships with candidates, and serve as a skilled problem solver, facilitator and coach in final negotiations.
Ensure we build inclusive and diverse teams as we grow beyond 1000 employees
Influence, guide, and educate hiring teams on interviewing best practices.
Lead debrief discussions and manage feedback timeliness and quality.
Take full ownership of sourcing passive leads for your pipelines as needed.
Leverage your recruiting metrics to inform your activity needs, which youll interpret and present to hiring managers.
Located in the Bay Area or NYC, can commute 2x per week to the San Francisco or New York office. 

Ideally youd have:

5 years of experience in a full-cycle recruiting role with experience hiring world class GA professionals.
Deep understanding of the Finance landscape as it pertains to fast growth, late stage start-ups, as this will be your primary customer .
Using data - both quantitative and qualitative - to influence hiring managers and leaders
Ability to challenge ideas and effectively influence others
Ability to distill complex information into a consumable and organized format with a focus on content, tone and structure
Familiarity with relevant sourcing techniques (LinkedIn Recruiter, Boolean search strings, etc.)
Great collaborator and partner to HRBPs, Finance, and the rest of internal stakeholders
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub location of San Francisco, is 40-55hour - this is a contract position. About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.