As an Imagery Analyst, Senior Team Lead  Quality Assurance Manager, you will be an integral part of ensuring that Scale consistently delivers high quality SAR and EO imagery labels to our government clients. The role has two major components - being an active part of the day-to-day operations with a high standard of quality and throughput; and leading a team of junior labelers, providing coaching, instruction, and performance management.
You will:

Consistently deliver high quality and throughput
Coaching and instructing junior data labelers on imagery analysis
Communicate with other QA Team Leads on poor quality trends to further develop necessary training
In charge of performance management of junior labelers
Work closely with the Queue Manager to optimize and improve the queue
Communicate any bugs to QM they encounter or their team encounters
Provide feedback to the Queue Manager to improve the queue performance
Be involved with SME-led training sessions
Receive specialized training from 2 Imagery Analysis SMEs with a combined experience of 55 years in imagery analysis

Ideally youd have:

4 years of experience with SAR andor EO
Attended a Basic Military Imagery Analysis course or equivalent training
Experience leading small teams
A team player mentality
A what can I do to make this better mindset
Strong computer skills (Excel  Google Sheet; knack for learning software quickly)

Nice to have:

An active USG security clearance
SQL knowledge
Experience coding

Pay  Duration:

Compensation: 35.00hr 
Scale also provides spot bonuses  career advancement opportunities to the right candidates
1 Year Contract with likelihood of renewal

 
Please note that in order to maintain integrity to our Scale titling philosophy, we do not internally use titles such as senior, but have levels to reflect seniority. Our Talent Acquisition team works closely with our employees to provide them the opportunity to grow their careers and demonstrate the scope of work in other ways aside from job titles. If you have further questions, please direct them to your recruiter andor hiring manager, who can provide more insight.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.