Scale is positioned at the forefront of AI, and our Solutions Engineers are instrumental in our mission to accelerate the development of AI applications. We empower the worlds most innovative companies to build and implement AI, and our customer base is skyrocketing. We are growing our Solutions Engineering team to help us meet this demand head-on.
Our Solutions Engineers ensure customers first experiences with Scales technology is flawless and leads to successful long-term partnership. As a Solutions Engineer, your expertise will be the driving force that transforms prospective clients into enthusiastic, lifelong advocates of Scale.
In this role, youll partner closely with our Account Executives, bringing the technical acumen  to guide potential customers through our sales process. You will excel at technical discovery, gaining an in-depth understanding of our customers unique requirements, then proposing creative solutions that harness the full potential of Scales capabilities. Youll be a master at delivering personalized demonstrations and running seamless pilots, all aimed at achieving that coveted Product Yes.
Youll also have a hand in shaping our final proposals and devising post-sales onboarding strategies. With relentless curiosity about customer needs and challenges, youll tap into your deep knowledge of Scales products and the broader AI landscape, including machine learning, large language models, web development and infrastructure.
 
You will:

Own all technical aspects of the customer journey, from discovery and scoping, to delivery and implementation
Harness and develop your technical expertise in Generative AI and Large Language Models to demonstrate Scales products in ways that most resonate with the customers use-case
Be accountable for the customer experience during the pilot and closing phase of new logos
Interact with customers on a day-to-day basis to understand their needs and design solutions to better serve these needs
Design, develop and maintain playbooks, demos and other tools for executing successful, efficient pilots
Work with AEs and PMs to identify customer-specific feature requests

 
Ideally youd have:

Strong engineering background paired with client-facing experience in a pre or post-sales capacity
Proven experience and technical knowledge working with Large Language Models, Generative AI, or Machine Learning
Prior experience developing with Python, Java and  or other web development languages
A track record as a self-starter, motivated to independently unblock technical issues in the field with the customer
Presentation skills with a high degree of technical credibility and persuasiveness when speaking with customers
High level of comfort communicating effectively across internal and external stakeholders, from C-level executives to front-line engineers
Intellectual curiosity, empathy, and ability to operate with high velocity.

 
Nice to haves:

Startup experience
Experience working in enterprise SaaS, cloud tech

 
The base salary range for this full-time position in our San Francisco, CA office is 136,000 - 163,200. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.
Sales Commission: Additionally, this role is eligible to earn commissions.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.