Scale is building out our Public Sector (Federal, State, Local) Finance team. This role will be instrumental in setting strategy, financial plans, and operating rigor as we accelerate the adoption of AI across the Public Sector. 
The Finance team is responsible for owning the companys budget, helping to drive quarterly and annual planning processes, allocating and deploying the companys resources efficiently, and performing financial analyses in partnership with all departments. You will have a unique opportunity to work closely with department heads on real-time high-priority business issues and use quantitative insights to drive better decision-making across Scale. The ideal candidate will not only have the technical skills to support their recommendations but also strong interpersonal skills to manage various stakeholders. We hope youll join us!
In this role you will have a front row seat to help build our AI business for the Public Sector. We hope youll join us!
What youll be doing:

Serve as the Finance business partner to support the GTM, Operations and Delivery teams in quarterly, annual strategic and financial planning discussions
Manage the Public Sector Business Units weekly, monthly operating cadence and operating budget to evaluate investment strategies and provide real-time tracking to the leadership team
Own and drive end-to-end internal deal crafting from initial modeling through to contract review with sales, legal and other internal stakeholders
Help incubate, scope, and execute on new initiatives around pricing strategy, deal modeling, proposal creation, and value engineering
Partner with other finance areas (Accounting and Strategic Finance) to support month-end close, flux review processes, and deliver high-quality financial reporting, close packages, and disclosures to the Finance and Public Sector leadership team
Track and refine Public Sector Business Units KPIs, performance and partner with the Analytics team to provide reporting to enhance operational insights
Support the Public Sector leadership team and CFO to shape our sales compensation plans and own the associated operations

What were looking for:

Minimum of 4 years of financial analysis experience working directly in  Corporate Finance, FPA, Strategic Finance, and  or investment banking
2 years of prior Sales Finance experience, including revenue forecasting and deal pricing
Deep understanding of B2B SaaS businesses, scaling a technology business, andor experience working in the Public Sector
Experience improving and streamlining processes, and developing solutions to operational inefficiencies
Demonstrated excellent project management skills, ability to manage and manipulate large data sets, critically analyze existing processes, and identify opportunities for process improvement
Strong knowledge of Google Suite, MS Office; expert Excel modeling skills and Salesforce 

Nice to haves:

A Bachelors degree with a major in Finance and  or Accounting
Experience in SQL and Business Intelligence tools a plus
Experience with Anaplan and  or Adaptive Insights a plus
Investment banking experience a plus

 
The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub location of Washington DC is 140,000.00 - 168,000.00. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.