Scales Generative AI business unit is less than one year old and is currently seeing historic levels of growth. As a Strategic Projects Lead (SPL), you will  leading initiatives that will drive XXM in new revenue for the business. This is a demanding role, and as an SPL, you should be prepared to wear many hats such as Operator, Product Manager and customer-facing Engagement Manager. The ideal SPL should have a strong entrepreneurial mindset, be comfortable getting into the weeds, and be excited about intense, impactful work that leads to an accelerated career progression.
 
You will:

Lead cross-functional projects with diverse stakeholders (Engineering  Ops  Go-to-Market)
Develop new products or enhance existing ones to fulfill the needs of strategic customers or initiatives
Own the execution of our data labeling operations for strategic projects
Give regular progress updates to Scales executive team
Work on some of the most impactful problems at the company

Ideally, youd have:

Strong technical background (a degree in computer science is ideal, and at minimum the role requires the ability to do data analytics using SQL or Python).
2 years of experience leading a team, developing product or operational processes, or as a SWE. 
Strong problem solving capabilities (experience working on operational challenges or as a consultant is a plus). 
Entrepreneurial experience and mindset - you are excited about building things from scratch

 
The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub locations of San Francisco, New York, or Seattle, is 140,800  168,960. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.