At Scale, we are driving the future of AI and Machine Learning across a variety of industries. As the Staff Program Manager for Security and Compliance, you will play a pivotal role in the continued success of Scale. Your role will be instrumental in ensuring the effective operation of our Security and Compliance departments, allowing us to maintain the highest standards in our industry.
Reporting directly to the Head of Security, you will be the primary Program Manager working across all teams within the Security and Compliance departments, including Product Security, Security Operations, Infrastructure Security, and Compliance. You will also support both our Commercial and Public Sector business, ensuring that our security and compliance measures meet the specific needs of these different sectors.
You Will:

Lead strategic planning initiatives for the Security and Compliance departments, setting goals and identifying key performance indicators.
Collaborate with stakeholders across the company to improve processes and procedures, ensuring Scales continued success.
Track resourcing for the Security and Compliance departments, including vendor management.
Create an effective feedback loop between all teams within the Security and Compliance departments, as well as with partner teams like Legal, HR, Engineering, etc.
Build, maintain, and regularly communicate detailed reporting to inform strategic decisions across the company.
Ensure that Scales security and compliance practices align with industry standards and regulations.

Ideally, Youd have:

Significant experience in security and compliance in a role that required cross-departmental collaboration.
Familiarity with various security compliance frameworks, both auditing and implementing, such as SOC 2, ISO 27001, and NIST 800-53.
Experience leading day-to-day activities and improving processes.
An action-oriented mindset, balancing creative problem-solving with a strong drive to achieve outcomes.
Strong analytical skills, with experience using data analysis tools or software.
Experience in project management, including planning, organizing, and managing resources.
Experience in contract review, with the ability to work closely with Legal on contract work.

Nice to haves:

Experience applying AI or Machine Learning.
Experience in a high growth technology company.
Current or past Security Clearance.
Experience with SQL andor another database language: understanding and hands-on experience with SQL andor another database language, with the ability to handle, analyze, and interpret large datasets.
Experience securing AWS-based Cloud environments.
Previous work as a security consultant.

Note this role must be based within the continental United States and requires current US Citizenship to support Scales Public Sector business.
The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub locations of San Francisco, New York, or Seattle is 212,800 - 230,400. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.