Scale is at the forefront of enabling Artificial Intelligence across multiple industries, including self driving cars, eCommerce, natural language processing, and more. As a Manager in the Revenue Operations team, you will be responsible for ensuring that Scale has clear and steady visibility of revenue across a rapidly growing list of products and accounts. The Revenue Operations team acts as an important connection between Operations, Go-to-Market, Analytics, and Finance to ensure that all closed deals are implemented correctly in Scales systems and that the right tools and processes are developed internally. Generative AI is one of the fastest-growing areas in AI development and in Scale and we need help ensuring revenue for this area is correctly tracked and billed.
An ideal candidate will be comfortable handling complexity in a fast-paced environment, have a high level of attention to detail, and will be interested in building out new sustainable internal processes. This is the perfect opportunity for a self-starter who is interested in expanding their analytical and operational toolkit within the context of Artificial Intelligence.
This role reports to the Manager of Revenue Operations and will have responsibilities across:

Overseeing and ensuring the accurate tracking of all customer-facing work across all of our Generative AI customers
Utilize strong analytical and SQL skills to investigate root cause revenue discrepancies, propose solutions, and collaborate with relevant teams to implement corrective actions
Contribute to the development of more automated and scalable consumption tracking solutions. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to streamline processes, identify areas for automation, and implement tools and systems to enhance efficiency.
Manage 1-2 members of the team who are responsible for day-to-day support of all of Gen AI revenue and billing

Youd ideally have (but relevant experience can take different forms):

5-7 years of professional experience in an analytical role, top-tier consulting firm, or finance
An undergraduate andor graduate degree with an analytics heavy major (e.g., STEM, economics, computer science, etc.) 
Comfort working in ambiguity in a fast-paced work environment
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to present complex concepts and insights to stakeholders at various levels
Strong quantitative skills and the willingness to dig into data. Comfort with SQL.
The ability to think from first principles and iterate quickly to deliver results

The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub location of San Francisco is 168,000-201,000. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend. About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.