Scale AI is seeking a highly motivated TechnicalRevenue Accounting Manager to join our growing accounting team to work in this dynamic, fast pace and high growth environment. This individual will ensure revenue is booked correctly and in a timely manner. In addition to the monthly book close process, this individual will also review contracts, both during the negotiation stage and after the contract is signed. Aside from their revenue responsibilities, they will also be exposed to new accounting standards and advanced accounting research topics on complex transactions that will allow for continued learning and development of your skills. 
We are looking for a detailed-oriented and self-motivated team player with a desire to learn and is passionate about delivering quality results.
You will:

Assist in monthly accounting close activities including journal entry preparation and review and key account reconciliations
Ensure the company is compliant with accounting principles under ASC 606
Review standard and non-standard contracts to determine the appropriate revenue recognition under U.S. GAAP
Collaborate within Accounting and Finance on revenue metrics, flux analysis, forecast, and projections
Identify and implement process improvements. We strive to maintain pace with our growth and keep an eye on scalability in everything we do
Analyze and operationalize complex transactions in accordance with U.S. GAAP, including those related to revenue, business combinations, stock-based compensation, cost to fulfill, commissions
Collaborate cross-functionally with various internal stakeholders throughout the organization (e.g. develop internally developed software policy with the Engineering team, analyze commissions plans with the Sales Ops and Strategy team) and external auditors
Monitor, assess and implement new accounting pronouncements applicable to the company
Prepare consolidated financial statements and related footnotes for our first year audit
Assist in drafting and maintaining the accounting policy library

Ideally youd have:

Bachelors degree in Accounting, CPA a plus
5 years of progressive experience in public accounting (or a combination of public accounting and private industry experience); Big 4 experience preferred
Strong analytical and research skills with the ability to convert technical research and interpretation into a practical solution
Ability to prioritize tasks and problem solve in a fast environment
Desire to work in a team environment and able to work across different business units 
Self-starter with an interest in learning
Excellent problem solving skills and high level of attention to detail

 
Nice to haves:

Experience working in a high growth startup and public company environments 
Great with Excel Google Sheets

The base salary range for this full-time position in San Francisco is 118,800 - 156,816. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.