Scales Public Sector customer base is growing rapidly, and you will be on the front lines of ensuring that these customers become passionate, lifelong Scale partners. As a member of our Federal Delivery team, you own the account plan, manage day to day execution for customers and ensure an incredible customer experience. You are the ultimate all-rounder, triaging customer issues and support, using data and analytics to align internal resources around a successful customer experience, while also being the main contact and advocate for customers senior executives, mission and engineering teams. All of this serves an ultimate goal of delivering outsize value in supporting our Federal customers AIML objectives.  
Your natural inclination is to dive into both technology and organizational processes to craft effective solutions and gain efficiencies. You are a hybrid TPM and Account Executive, biased towards finding not just one-off solutions, but repeatable and scalable ways to ensure we continually deliver on customer objectives.  You have a track record of managing customers to renewal and supporting sales teams managing upsells. And you are naturally empathetic, have high EQ, and excel at building long-term relationships through diligent problem solving, domain competence, and thoughtful, strategic discussions.
You will:

Manage customer relationships from the executive to the end user
Oversee on-boarding and successful implementation for all designated new accounts
Lead a cross-functional project team to exceed the customers AIML objectives
Manage the long-term health of the customer base by identifying and preempting areas of risk or concern
Help Shape both products at Scale and how key customers use them
Strategically identify ways we can make customer success repeatable and solve issues for future customers
Partner with clients to understand operational issues and advocate for their fixes with Scale engineers
Work directly with customers engineering teams and end users, answering questions and addressing issues with use of our products and solutions
Have an active TSSCI clearance

Ideally youd have:

Minimum 5 years of work experience, with experience in a customer-facing technical program management role in industry, professional services engagement management or in government
A technical background (education or professional experience with CS, Economics, Statistics, Engineering)
A proven track record in B2B client facing roles and expanding client relationships
An ability to navigate nebulous scenarios without strong guidance
A willingness to understand and address engineering problems alongside the Product Development Teams
A basic understanding of the ML Operations process
Excellent verbal and written communications
A track record of structured, analytics-driven problem solving
Willingness to travel at least 30 of the time 

Nice to haves:

Prior experience at an API technology company and  or managing technical customers using an API
Prior experience delivering technical solutions to government customers

 
The base salary range for this full-time position in our Washington, DC location is 164,800 - 206,000. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.