Scale is at the forefront of powering AI and LLMs across multiple industries. Our thesis is that to build exceptional LLMs you need exceptional human beings to train them. Humans are essential in providing the best training data for these models, and Scale operates the largest network of humans in the world to provide this training data.
As the Head of Training, you will be responsible for ensuring that our human taskers are as effective, efficient, and capable as possible. This is one of the most critical functions at the company, and you will report to the Head of Quality Operations. Our taskers include both domain experts (PhDs, Masters students, etc.) and generalists (typically high-school or college grads).
The role involves a combination of strategic thinking, data analysis, roll-up-your-sleeves operations, and face-time with our taskers. You will be responsible for ideating our training curriculum,  designing and refining our training materials, and monitoring the efficacy of your approach. The ideal candidate has a strong entrepreneurial mindset, is comfortable leading a team and working with them under ambiguity, can command an audience, and is exceptionally personable.
 
Responsibilities Include:

Investigate the most pressing challenges with delivering high-quality data  the most common errors our taskers make and why
Design a curriculum andor set of courses to teach our taskers how to produce great training data
Lead a team of 2-3 people to develop materials, run live training sessions, and other creative ways of teaching taskers
Analyze data on the effectiveness of your training materials, and quickly iterate  test out new ideas 
Work with project teams across Scale to develop more targeted trainings to accommodate the nuances of their specific projects

 
Who Were Looking For:

10 years of experience in education and instructional design
Experience developing and designing curriculums
Excited to solve ambiguous problems
A relentless attitude of testing and iterating
Own your outcomes

The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub locations of San Francisco, New York, or Seattle, is 160,000 - 180,000. 
Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. 
Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO.About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.