The Technical Account Director will report into the VP of Global Accounts and will be responsible for a named, high value account or set of accounts. This may be a hybrid player-coach role meaning, the Technical Account Director may need to lead a high value account or Product Area as well as coach other TAMs (direct reports) on their team. The Director will lead a group of TAMs whose responsibilities will circulate around three core activities: Generative AI business architecture, project management and customer success. Because of this, the Technical Account Director will need to:

Understand the Generative AI space inside and out, as well as, specifically understand how Scales solutions fit within our clients needs. Their level of understanding should be at the level of a coach (highly technical) as they will be largely responsible for onboarding and bringing TAMs knowledge up-to-speed to be able to architect generative AI solutions. 
Be an expert Project Manager: The Director should have 8-12 years of experience directly project managing Big Tech accounts or the equivalent in Management Consulting experience. They will set the gold standard for how this part of the role will be measured and performance evaluated. They will be responsible for building strong internal and external relationships at all levels of the organization.
Be customer obsessed: The Director should be highly informed and knowledgeable about current events, needs and keyinfluential stakeholders within their named account(s). They should have a very strong understanding for how the organization operates and the various processes involved and nuances of being a strategic partnervendor.

You will:

Work closely with the VP of Global Accounts on the overall GTM and revenue strategy for your named account(s). Be responsible for driving revenue consumption and informing growth on your named account(s).
Design, build and run the technical account management program for your named account(s). 
Drive strategy at the account level but also understand the nuances of the account at the Product Area and work pipeline level. 
Recruit, onboard, coach and manage a team of TAMs under your supervision.
Work closely with each TAM and relevant internal and external stakeholders on architecting and proposing Generative AI solutions the meets and exceeds the needs of your named accounts.
Get in the weeds on ensuring high quality performance and delivery on named account(s) work pipelines. 
Build contingency plans and be the first point of contact in the event of an escalation. 
Drive very high degrees of client satisfaction as witnessed through continued partnership and growth.

Ideally youd have:

A technical degree or strong career experience in technical roles
Experience as a Founder  Co-Founder or have had 8-12 years experience working management or strategy consulting
Have worked at or heavily with Big Tech 
A strong track record of superior project management experience
A successful track record in Customer Success or lead client-facing roles
Managed a team of client-facing roles

Sales Commission:

Additionally, this role is eligible to earn commissions and eligible to participate in Scales equity plan.

This position is available in a U.S.-based Scale hub office (examples: San Francisco, New York). No matter where you are based, you will experience a company that believes in small teams for maximum impact; seeks well-rounded talent to ensure a full perspective on our customers experience, understands that this is a marathon, not a sprint; that continuously and purposefully builds an inclusive culture that empowers everyone to do their best work and be the best version of themselves.
The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub locations of San Francisco  New York is 204,000 - 244,800. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.
Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.