Scale AI is seeking a highly motivated Senior Accountant to join our growing accounting team and assist in preparing day to day corporate accounting operations, supporting the month end close process, and helping to implement systems and processes that will support Scale as we continue to grow. Youll have the opportunity to work in a dynamic, fast and high-growth environment.
The ideal candidate thrives in a high-growth start-up, is detail-oriented, and has excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Additionally, the candidate has demonstrated the ability to build scalable cross-functional relationships through systems and process implementation. We hope you will join our team!
You will:

Prepare journal entries and day to day corporate accounting activities, support the month end close process, and provide timely and accurate month-end close financials that are U.S. GAAP compliant 
Build or enhance balance sheet account reconciliation workpaper including reviewing and performing some clean-up of historical reconciliations and related balances
Collaborate within Accounting and Finance teams on metrics, flux analysis, forecast, and projections and support preparation of the monthly reporting package
Prepare documents supporting internal and external audits and ensure the successful completion of those audits
Manage FloQast, our month end close and reconciliation management tool
Support the implementation of new systems, tools, and processes to streamline close and build scalable solutions to support the growth of the Company
Identify and drive process improvements to gain efficiencies and reduce close timeline
Develop, maintain and improve internal controls which relate to assigned areas

Ideally youd have:

Bachelors degree in Accounting; CPA or equivalent required
3 years of relevant accounting experience; Combination of public accounting (Big 4 strongly preferred) and industry experience (start-up through to becoming a public Company experience a plus)
Strong knowledge of U.S. GAAP and SOX
Experience with general ledger functions and the month endyear end close process is strongly preferred
Experience with financial audit preparation is strongly preferred
Proven proficiency of Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, etc); must be highly proficient in Excel
Excellent writing, oral communication, analytical, organizational, and interpersonal skills with a high attention to detail
Excellent problem solving skills; project management experience a plus, ability to work in a fast pace environment

Nice to Haves: 

Direct accounting experience for anyall of the following areas: accruals, investment, internally use software, ASC 842 leases, cloud computing arrangement, stock-based compensation andor consolidation and Fx.
Proficiency in SQL, NetSuite, FloQast, Coupa and Jira considered a plus

 
The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub location of San Francisco is 92,000-110,400. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.
Please note that in order to maintain integrity to our Scale titling philosophy, we do not internally use titles such as senior, but have levels to reflect seniority. Our Talent Acquisition team works closely with our employees to provide them the opportunity to grow their careers and demonstrate the scope of work in other ways aside from job titles. If you have further questions, please direct them to your recruiter andor hiring manager, who can provide more insight.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.