Scales Foundational ML team conducts research on new foundational capabilities, with the goal of innovating models and algorithms that unlock net-new capabilities for Scales applied-ML teams and the broader AI community. Scale is uniquely positioned at the heart of the field of AI as an indispensable provider of training and evaluation data and end-to-end solutions for the ML lifecycle. You will work closely with Scales Generative AI team focused on building models to accelerate and optimize AI adoption for some of the largest companies in the world. 
At Scale, our research is driven by product needs. Your focus will be on developing new foundational models, algorithms, and forms of supervision for Generative AI. You will lead writing, publishing, and adoption of your work internally with applied teams. You will be involved end-to-end from the inception and planning of new research agendas. Youll be creating high quality datasets, implementing models and associated training and evaluation stacks, producing high caliber publications in the form of peer-reviewed journal articles, blogs, white papers, and internal presentations  documentation. If you are excited about shaping the future AI via fundamental innovations, we would love to hear from you!
You will: 

Evaluate, adapt, and develop new state of the art language andor multimodal foundation models
Work with applied ML and product teams to identify opportunities for service improvement or new capabilities
Explore approaches that integrate human feedback and assisted evaluation into existing product lines 
Work closely with internal customers to prototype, build, and integrate your models into production service

Ideally youd have:

A track record of high-caliber publications in peer-reviewed machine learning venues (e.g. NeurIPS, ICLR, ICML, EMNLP, CVPR, AAAI etc.)
At least 3 to 5 years of model training, deployment and maintenance experience in a production environment.
Strong skills in NLP, LLMs and deep learning.
Solid background in algorithms, data structures, and object-oriented programming.
Experience working with cloud technology stack (eg. AWS or GCP) and developing machine learning models in a cloud environment.
Strong high-level programming skills (e.g., Python), frameworks and tools such as Pytorch lightning, kuberflow, TensorFlow, transformers, etc. 
Strong written and verbal communication skills to operate in a cross functional team environment and to broadcast your work efficiently and with splash

Nice to haves:

Experience in dealing with large scale AI problems, ideally in the generative-AI field. 
Demonstrated expertise in large language models for diverse real-world, production applications, e.g. question-answering, generation, classification, etc.

 
The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub locations of San Francisco, New York, or Seattle, is 240,000-280,000. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.