The Data Labeling Quality Specialist role is an entry-level position for individuals who are interested in working in the Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning industry. We are looking for a candidate who is a self-starter, detail-oriented and adaptable. The role will be focused on annotating tasks and delivering high quality by following a variety of instructions. The role will be perfect for individuals who value challenge in their work. You will be working cross-functionally with Supply Ops and Engineering to drive improvements in quality.
You will:

Label machine learning data from customers
Complete tasks in a timely manner, meeting SLA deadlines
Do post-process audits and write error reports on data and tasks
Work in-sync with Supply Managers to meet weekly goals
Identify and resolve the root cause of low quality and provide feedback to respective teams on product improvements

Ideally youd have:

Must be able to pass Background Check
Must be willing and have the ability to obtain a DoD IDCommon Access Card
Must be willing and have ability to obtain and maintain a Secret Security Clearance
Detail oriented and can follow complex instructions
Ability to work full-time hours (8-hour workdays)
Ability to work independently, cooperatively, and collaboratively as a team member
Possession of excellent oral and written skills
Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive
Ability to handle ambiguity and changing priorities

Pay  Duration:

Compensation: 17.25hr
Compensation: 24.00hr with Active Security Clearance
Scale also provides career advancement opportunities to the right candidates
1 Year Contract with likelihood of renewal
About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.