Scales Federal customer base is growing rapidly, and you will be on the front lines of machine learning (ML) operations to accelerate the development of artificial intelligence (AI) applications for the Department of Defense and other national security customers. As a Federal Operations Manager, you have ownership of the operations of our data labeling system for an entire data type for one of our customers, and are responsible for delivering that data on time and at a high level of quality. You will build a team of high quality data quality specialists, leverage structured problem-solving to drive operational efficiencies, and work cross-functionally with other Scale teams. Based on this project and customer, you can expect to regularly be called upon as a front line customer touch point. All of this serves an ultimate goal of delivering outsize value in supporting our Federal customers AI  ML objectives.  
You will:

Own and execute data annotation workflows across a single complex data type (geospatial imagery, text, etc)
Optimize data annotation workflows to improve data quality to achieve machine learning outcomes 
Drive operational efficiencies on these workflows to achieve business outcomes
Contribute to cross-functional initiatives with engineering, product, analytics, and delivery teams (as well as relevant experts) to achieve project outcomes
Communicate with and shape outcomes for one of Scales strategic federal customers

You have:

2 years of experience in a general manager  program manager position or a similar leadership role with an operations focus
Experience working in a fast paced environment
Ability to collaborate effectively in cross-functional environments
Excellent verbal and written communications
An analytical, problem solving, and grit mindset to deliver metrics-led results
Intellectual interest in machine learning and a strong desire to do impactful work in support of the U.S. government
Able to work onsite in downtown Saint Louis, MO

Nice to haves:

A technical background (education or professional experience with computer science, economics, statistics, or engineering) or organizational background (teachereducator, GM or shift manager at large restaurant)
SQL knowledge and understanding of basic statistics
Experience with lean process improvement, Six Sigma, Toyota Production System, etc.
Experience working in and  or with the U.S. government

 
The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub location of St. Louis, MO is 54,000 - 64,500. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.