The Technical Account Manager at Scale is responsible for the delivery of a large book of business with a key strategic account andor Product Area within a named account. 
This unique and senior role requires the combined skill set of three roles:

Firstly, the TAM must have a strong technical background and understanding of the broader AI space, generative AI and ideally, large language models. This background will serve highly relevant as one of the core functions of this role is that of a generative AI business architect, meaning, you will be responsible for designing, analyzing, and implementing next-generation AI technologies and systems within an organization. 
Secondly, as a project manager, the TAM must be capable at juggling multiple, urgent priorities across a variety of workflows. The TAM will be the glue between account stakeholders and Scales internal product, engineering, delivery, growth and GTM teams. They will be accountable for ensuring all POC, pilot, and production activities are followed-through in a timely manner and meets or exceeds any client or SLA expectations. Such activities may include: aligning internal and external stakeholders on measurable KPIs in line with customer expectations, designing and delivering taskssolutions, timely and successful ramp of pipelines, ensuring high quality and consistent performance, client reporting and communications, and more. 
Lastly, and most importantly: Be customer-obsessed. This role will be the face of Scale for most post-sale activities. They will need to be empathetic, a good listener and communicator, a thoughtful speaker, a polished presenter, a meticulous recorder and a strong relationship developer. Our accounts continue to work with us because of the high quality we deliver, our thought partnership and the fact that they genuinely like working with our teams. 

 
You will:

Run this account as if it is your business: You will need to be both strategic and in the weeds of day-to-day performance to communicate effectively with stakeholders of all levels. You will ensure longevity of partnership with the account. 
Oversee onboarding and implementation of new work pipelines as well as manage for high performance and consistency across established pipelines. 
Plan, drive, and manage revenue consumption for the account. 
Work cross functionally, with product, engineering, delivery, and growth to ensure timely delivery that meets or exceeds SLA requirements. 
Operationalize requirements set forth in the SOW (and other relevant legal or engagement documents), provide a clear understanding of the SLA requirements and client expectations and enforce them. 
Review, track and improve operational performance and be obsessed with continuous improvement across all processes
Deeply understand the AI strategy, goals, and needs of the account. 
Identify opportunities for AI-driven improvements, optimizations or innovations to drive the best solutions for the account. 
Design AI solutions and systems that align with business goals and objectives. 
Oversee the implementation and integration of AI technologies within the account. 
Ensure that AI systems are scalable, maintainable and secure. 
Evaluate the performance and impact of AI solutions on the business. 
Build deep relationships with stakeholders at all levels and across all roles, both internally and externally.
Be obsessed with account happiness and own all client success activities.
Have a global mindset. You will work across multiple time zones, cultures, and with people from a wide variety of backgrounds
Dependent upon your account, 10 domestic andor international travel expected

 
Ideally youd have:

A technical degree or strong career experience in technical roles
Experience as a Founder  Co-Founder or have had experience working in management or strategy consulting
Have worked at or heavily with Big Tech 
Three to five years Project management experience
Experience in a customer success or client-facing role

 
Sales Commission: Additionally, this role is eligible to earn commissions and eligible to participate in Scales equity plan.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.