Scale is looking for a strategic dealmaker to be an early member of our business development team and grow our partnership ecosystem. This role will be instrumental in building key relationships with partners who are excited to partner with Scale to accelerate the development of AI applications. 
We are looking for a team member who will be both strategic and tactical in owning and building this area of our business. You will be responsible for sourcing, evaluating and executing partnerships that span go-to-market, technology, and other strategic areas.
This is a highly cross-functional role, as you will collaborate across internal teams including product, engineering, finance, legal, marketing and operations.
You will:

Shape and deliver the existing strategic vision for Scale and product roadmap, for high-value partnerships
Demonstrate strong quantitative skills by building financial models that unlock the best ROI for your partnerships. Track, analyze, and communicate key performance metrics to internal and external stakeholders
Identify and develop new areas, of an existing partnership, leading to new and incremental revenue streams
Grow new revenues by identifying key stakeholders to build relationships and credibility within our existing and new partners
Evaluate strategic partnerships and initiate opportunities by performing a range of quantitative and qualitative analyses
Lead strategic and complex negotiations to completion, engaging cross-functional teams and ensuring alignment across teams on deal terms
Drive post-contract accountability by managing implementation and ensuring cross-functional alignment and execution. Interface and serve as a point of contact for external counterparts and beyond up to C-level executives
You will be measured by your ability to (1) drive revenue (2) influence product roadmap for new revenue streams and (3) evolve our partnership ecosystem.

Ideally youd have

5 years of experience in business development, strategic partnerships, partner management, or similar roles at a technology company or payments company
Bachelors Degree required
Proven track record of driving high-value go-to-market and tech partnerships
Ability to think strategically and analytically about business opportunities, identifying opportunities for Scale to leverage partners existing and in-development products
Strong sense of responsibility, entrepreneurial drive, and an ability to inspire
Proactive and comfortable with some ambiguity
Strong knowledge of business, strategy, product, finance, and legal concepts to inform complex, multi-faceted deals
Demonstrated success in a highly matrixed organization, working cross functionally, leading priorities and exercising influence
Analytical mindset and track record of using data to inform strategy
Excellent verbal and written communications skills

 
The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub locations of San Francisco, New York, or Seattle is 140,000  168,000. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. Youll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.
 About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. Weve recently raised 325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of 7B and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an affirmative action employer and inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationsscale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labors Know Your Rights poster for additional information.
We comply with the United States Department of Labors Pay Transparency provision. 
PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.