Why Scout24? Scout24 is home of ImmoScout24, Germanys 1 for real estate. With ImmoScout24 we have been revolutionizing the real estate market in Germany and Austria for more than 20 years. Our goal is to build a digital ecosystem that brings homeowners, seekers, and agents together. Finding the right home and property is one of the most important decisions in life. So is your career! WorkingatScout24 means being part of a diverse and inclusive team of 1,060 colleagues and 58 nationalities. We embrace difference and celebrate individuality. By encouraging open mindedness and authenticity we enable a true learning culture and prepare the ground for personal development.  Mistakes are a chance to grow and to innovate. Together we act proactively, strive for improvement, and take responsibility. We talk about success and challenge while treating each other with respect because we are oneteam. 
If this sounds interesting to you, we would love to see you joining us!  Even if you may not tick all the boxes of the job requirements, we are happy to hear about the value you can add to the team.  Grow with us!. Welcome home!  
  
Aside from our people and company culture we are offering awesome benefits that make Scout24 a great place to work!  

Compensation: A competitive salary package and a bonus on top.  
Flexibility: Decide for yourself where you work most effectively. We offer you a hybrid working model, autonomous working time management and 30 days of vacation annually.  
Work from abroad: Our remote working policy includes the possibility to work up to 3 months in any country of the EU and up to 1 months outside of the EU if it gets along with the business and team needs.  
Relocation: Our relocation agency supports you with your visa process and an attractive relocation package.  
Use our products: As an employee you can take advantage of our plus membership for tenants on ImmoScout24 to find a new place to live.  
Development: Dedicated learning time per month, online courses on our ScoutAcademy, regular book challenges, structured feedback, Lunch  Learn-Events and individual career paths to push your career to the next level.    
Have kids? Well support you with a professional family service, which helps you to find a childcare center or offers emergency childcare.    
Furry feel good manager: Bring your dog to work (according to rules, of course).    
Mobility: We subsidize public transport or Job Bikes. 
Commitment to sustainability and Diversity, Equity  Inclusion (DEI): We have clear environmental and climate protection goals and are involved in social activities and charitable organizations throughout the year. We live the diversity. Our theme weeks on diversity, mental well-being, and other social issues give us time and space to develop ourselves on DEI and sustainability.
Most innovative office: Our office is in the heart of Berlin right at the central station. 2021 it was awarded for the most innovative office concept. We have an own gym with regular courses, napping room, rooftop terrace, organic coffee, snackbar, 100 green electricity and a massage therapist that comes in once a week.  
We are a tech company: We work with the latest technical tools and hardware.  

 
How your role will look like:

Active design of corporate and business unit strategies in an international environment
Development, implementation and monitoring of annual strategic planning processes
Drive strategy projects  together with the business units
Participate and Lead MA projects from start to end
Support on Post-merger integration projects
Participation in business development projects
Execution of complex market analyses
Assess start-up investment business cases


What you need to succeed:

Successfully completed relevant masters or diploma studies
First relevant professional experience in a leading management consultancy or the strategy department of a large international company
Experience with company valuations, negotiations, due diligence as well as post-merger integration processes is an advantage
Strong Excel and Powerpoint skills
High level of drive and motivation
Willigness to assume increasing level of responsibility
Pragmatic and solution oriented approach   can do attitude
Outgoing and natural networker   team work approach
Very good analytical and conceptual skills as well as a solution-oriented way of working
Strong communication skills in German and English
