Why Scout24? Scout24 is home of ImmoScout24, Germanys 1 for real estate. With ImmoScout24 we have been revolutionizing the real estate market in Germany and Austria for more than 20 years. Our goal is to build a digital ecosystem that brings homeowners, seekers, and agents together. Finding the right home and property is one of the most important decisions in life. So is your career! WorkingatScout24 means being part of a diverse and inclusive team of 1,060 colleagues and 58 nationalities. We embrace difference and celebrate individuality. By encouraging open mindedness and authenticity we enable a true learning culture and prepare the ground for personal development.  Mistakes are a chance to grow and to innovate. Together we act proactively, strive for improvement, and take responsibility. We talk about success and challenge while treating each other with respect because we are oneteam. 
If this sounds interesting to you, we would love to see you joining us!  Even if you may not tick all the boxes of the job requirements, we are happy to hear about the value you can add to the team.  Grow with us!. Welcome home!  
  
Aside from our people and company culture we are offering awesome benefits that make Scout24 a great place to work!  

Compensation: A competitive salary package and a bonus on top.  
Flexibility: Decide for yourself where you work most effectively. We offer you a hybrid working model, autonomous working time management and 30 days of vacation annually.  
Work from abroad: Our remote working policy includes the possibility to work from abroad for a few weeks per year (if it gets along with the business and team needs)
Relocation: Our relocation agency supports you with your visa process and an attractive relocation package.  
Use our products: As an employee you can take advantage of our plus membership for tenants on ImmoScout24 to find a new place to live.  
Development: Dedicated learning time per month, online courses on our ScoutAcademy, regular book challenges, structured feedback, Lunch  Learn-Events and individual career paths to push your career to the next level.    
Have kids? Well support you with a professional family service, which helps you to find a childcare center or offers emergency childcare.    
Furry feel good manager: Bring your dog to work (upon approval, as we prioritise the well-being of our employees and ensure that our dog policy is considerate of allergic individuals and prevents overcrowding on each office floor). 
Mobility: We subsidize public transport or Job Bikes. 
Commitment to sustainability and Diversity, Equity  Inclusion (DEI): We have clear environmental and climate protection goals and are involved in social activities and charitable organizations throughout the year. We live the diversity. Our theme weeks on diversity, mental well-being, and other social issues give us time and space to develop ourselves on DEI and sustainability.
Most innovative office: Our office is in the heart of Berlin right at the central station. 2021 it was awarded for the most innovative office concept. We have an own gym with regular courses, napping room, rooftop terrace, organic coffee, snackbar, 100 green electricity and a massage therapist that comes in once a week.  
We are a tech company: We work with the latest technical tools and hardware.  

 
How your role will look like:

Dive deep into customer data to extract actionable insights that empower our sales and product teams.
Youre able to distil complex data into compelling stories that guide sales strategies and resonate with key customers.
Take a holistic view of the way we approach data in the sales process and identify areas where data insights can enhance the customer journey and drive sales performance.
Collaborate with the team on different monetization and strategic analytics projects, exploring opportunities to maximize revenue and profitability across the business.
Enjoy thinking about the strategic implications of your insights, identifying business levers, and collaborating with stakeholders and cross-functional teams to seize opportunities.
Youre excited to create impact alongside a friendly, international and dynamic team of analysts and broader data community.

What you need to succeed:

You have solid foundational experience (ideally 3 years work experience in analytics, consulting or similar) and the drive to make impactful changes to the business
You approach topics in an analytical way and are meticulous, motivated and dependable
You excel at managing projects, collaborating with different stakeholders and feel confident presenting and defending your strategyfindings in front of a senior audience
You enjoy digging into the data yourself, data wrangling is second nature (using SQL, Python, Scala or R andor BI tools) and distling to an impactful and presentable story is easy.
You are a team player who thrives on working together in the team, across functions, disciplines and with people of all backgrounds
You demonstrate and show a willingness to learn by yourself and from those around you
