Why Scout24? Scout24 is home of ImmoScout24, Germanys 1 for real estate. With ImmoScout24 we have been revolutionizing the real estate market in Germany and Austria for more than 20 years. Our goal is to build a digital ecosystem that brings homeowners, seekers, and agents together. Finding the right home and property is one of the most important decisions in life. So is your career! WorkingatScout24 means being part of a diverse and inclusive team of 1,060 colleagues and 58 nationalities. We embrace difference and celebrate individuality. By encouraging open mindedness and authenticity we enable a true learning culture and prepare the ground for personal development.  Mistakes are a chance to grow and to innovate. Together we act proactively, strive for improvement, and take responsibility. We talk about success and challenge while treating each other with respect because we are oneteam. 
If this sounds interesting to you, we would love to see you joining us!  Even if you may not tick all the boxes of the job requirements, we are happy to hear about the value you can add to the team.  Grow with us!. Welcome home!  
  
Aside from our people and company culture we are offering awesome benefits that make Scout24 a great place to work!  

Development: dedicated learning time per month for every employee, online courses on our ScoutAcademy, regular book challenges, structured feedback, Lunch  Learn-Events and individual career paths to push your career to the next level.   
Furry feel good manager: Bring your dog to work (upon approval, as we prioritise the well-being of our employees and ensure that our dog policy is considerate of allergic individuals and prevents overcrowding on each office floor)    
Commitment to sustainability and Diversity, Equity  Inclusion (DEI): We have clear environmental and climate protection goals and are involved in social activities and charitable organizations throughout the year. We live the diversity. Our theme weeks on diversity, mental well-being, and other social issues give us time and space to develop ourselves on DEI and sustainability.
State of the art office: Our office is in the heart of Berlin right at the central station. We have an own gym with regular courses, napping room, rooftop terrace, organic coffee, snackbar and a massage therapist that comes in once a week.
We are a tech company: We work with the latest technical tools and hardware. 

 
Hours: 20 hoursweekDesired starting date: immediatelyDuration: at least 1 year (you must be enrolled for at least one more year at a recognised higher education institution and we ask you to indicate this when you apply)
How your role will look like:

You will have the chance to learn many new skills in a short time through varied project work, especially in the area of market research, identification and evaluation of specific MA transactions.  
With us you can contribute to challenging strategic projects 
Your personal commitment will determine how much responsibility you take on during your work experience. Ownership is a core value at Scout24! 

What you need to succeed:

You are studying a business, natural science or technical course of study for at least one semester. 
You have gained initial practical experience at home and abroad, ideally in the field of management consultancy or in the Internetmedia industry 
You have very good knowledge of MS-Office (Powerpoint, Excel, Outlook) 
You like to work with numbers and enjoy solving complex and challenging problems. 
You enjoy working in a dynamic team 
You speak English and German very well 

You also have:

Internet and technical affinity as well as enthusiasm for online business models. 
A high degree of curiosity, entrepreneurial spirit and the drive to learn and change new things
