Why Scout24? Scout24 is home of ImmoScout24, Germanys 1 for real estate. With ImmoScout24 we have been revolutionizing the real estate market in Germany and Austria for more than 20 years. Our goal is to build a digital ecosystem that brings homeowners, seekers, and agents together. Finding the right home and property is one of the most important decisions in life. So is your career! WorkingatScout24 means being part of a diverse and inclusive team of 1060 colleagues and 58 nationalities. We embrace difference and celebrate individuality. By encouraging open mindedness and authenticity we enable a true learning culture and prepare the ground for personal development.  Mistakes are a chance to grow and to innovate. Together we act proactively, strive for improvement, and take responsibility. We talk about success and challenge while treating each other with respect because we are oneteam. 
If this sounds interesting to you, we would love to see you joining us!  Even if you may not tick all the boxes of the job requirements, we are happy to hear about the value you can add to the team.  Grow with us!. Welcome home!  
Aside from our people and company culture we are offering awesome benefits that make Scout24 a great place to work!  

Development: dedicated learning time per month for every employee, online courses on our ScoutAcademy, regular book challenges, structured feedback, Lunch  Learn-Events and individual career paths to push your career to the next level.   
Dogs are welcome: Bring your dog to work (according to rules, of course!).  
Commitment to sustainability and Diversity, Equity  Inclusion (DEI): We have clear environmental and climate protection goals and are involved in social activities and charitable organizations throughout the year. We live the diversity. Our theme weeks on diversity, mental well-being, and other social issues give us time and space to develop ourselves on DEI and sustainability.
State of the art office: Our office is in the heart of Berlin right at the central station. We have an own gym with regular courses, napping room, rooftop terrace, organic coffee, snackbar and a massage therapist that comes in once a week.
We are a tech company: We work with the latest technical tools and hardware. 

Hours: 20 hoursweekDesired starting date: immediatelyDuration: at least 1 year (you must be enrolled for at least one more year at a recognised higher education institution in Germany and we ask you to indicate this when you apply)
The Scout24 Information Security team is a highly skilled blue team and software engineering team. We support all our teams to build and run secure digital products. We understand that security is an essential part of our business and aim to reflect that in all our initiatives.
How your role will look like:

Assist in the identification, implementation, and maintenance of the organizations information security polices, best practices and procedures
Participate in security management projects
Support on providing guidance to Scout24 internal teams to ensure compliance with the information security management policies
Assist in the information security awareness and training program.
Support in the coordination of internal and external Information Security related audits

What you need to succeed:

Pursuing a degree in IT, Security Analysis, Security Forensics, Computer Security, Cybersecurity
Highly motivated to learn about Information Security
Strong verbal and written communication skills in English
Able to work independently and on teams
Knowledge of information security and ISO27001 is of advantage
Knowledge of data protectionprivacy and risk management is of advantage
