Why Scout24? Scout24 is home of ImmoScout24, Germanys 1 for real estate. With ImmoScout24 we have been revolutionizing the real estate market in Germany and Austria for more than 20 years. Our goal is to build a digital ecosystem that brings homeowners, seekers, and agents together. Finding the right home and property is one of the most important decisions in life. So is your career! WorkingatScout24 means being part of a diverse and inclusive team of 1,060 colleagues and 58 nationalities. We embrace difference and celebrate individuality. By encouraging open mindedness and authenticity we enable a true learning culture and prepare the ground for personal development.  Mistakes are a chance to grow and to innovate. Together we act proactively, strive for improvement, and take responsibility. We talk about success and challenge while treating each other with respect because we are oneteam. 
If this sounds interesting to you, we would love to see you joining us!  Even if you may not tick all the boxes of the job requirements, we are happy to hear about the value you can add to the team.  Grow with us!. Welcome home!  
  
Aside from our people and company culture we are offering awesome benefits that make Scout24 a great place to work!  

Compensation: A competitive salary package and a bonus on top.  
Flexibility: Decide for yourself where you work most effectively. We offer you a hybrid working model, autonomous working time management and 30 days of vacation annually.  
Work from abroad: Our remote working policy includes the possibility to work from abroad for a few weeks per year (if it get along with business and team needs)   
Relocation: Our relocation agency supports you with your visa process and an attractive relocation package.  
Use our products: As an employee you can take advantage of our plus membership for tenants on ImmoScout24 to find a new place to live.  
Development: Dedicated learning time per month, online courses on our ScoutAcademy, regular book challenges, structured feedback, Lunch  Learn-Events and individual career paths to push your career to the next level.    
Have kids? Well support you with a professional family service, which helps you to find a childcare center or offers emergency childcare.    
Furry feel good manager: Bring your dog to work (upon approval, as we prioritise the well-being of our employees and ensure that our dog policy is considerate of allergic individuals and prevents overcrowding on each office floor)     
Mobility: We subsidize public transport or Job Bikes. 
Commitment to sustainability and Diversity, Equity  Inclusion (DEI): We have clear environmental and climate protection goals and are involved in social activities and charitable organizations throughout the year. We live the diversity. Our theme weeks on diversity, mental well-being, and other social issues give us time and space to develop ourselves on DEI and sustainability.
Most innovative office: Our office is in the heart of Berlin right at the central station. 2021 it was awarded for the most innovative office concept. We have an own gym with regular courses, napping room, rooftop terrace, organic coffee, snackbar, 100 green electricity and a massage therapist that comes in once a week.  
We are a tech company: We work with the latest technical tools and hardware.  

 
Analytics is a key part of Scout24s cross-functional teams, helping to drive every stage of product development and product marketing through analytical and statistical expertise. We do this by tracking the performance of our existing solutions and evaluating new and emerging ideas. As a Marketing Data Analyst in our team, you will be the main point of contact for marketing managers and business stakeholders. You will use both, product and marketing data in a state-of-the-art tech setup, to help invest the seven-figure monthly marketing budget where it brings the most value for our business.  
How your role will look like:

Future Proof Reporting: Ensure high quality and future proof marketing reporting by setting up reliable tracking, data ingestion and cleansing.   
Campaign Optimization: Develop dashboards and derive insights that help our performance and product marketing teams to optimize their campaigns at large scale.  
Media Mix Optimization: Support our marketing platform in measuring, optimizing and forecasting the Return on Investment of the  Media Mix at ImmoScout24.  
Support Omni-Channel Marketing: Analyze customer journeys as well as preferences and support with the definition of target audiences in order to drive personalization and omni-channel marketing.  

What you need to succeed:

Solid foundational experience (3 years work experience in analytics with focus on marketing) with proven business impact 
Hands-on experience extracting insights from data using tools such as Google Analytics, BigQuery, SQL, BI tools (i.e., MicroStrategy, Tableau) and Python 
Hands-on experience with digital marketing platforms for SEM (Google Ads, Bing) and Display (Outbrain, Facebook, Google DV360 etc). 
Experience in Web Tracking with a Tag Manager (e.g. Google or Tealium) and ideally App Tracking (e.g. Adjust)   
Great understanding of eCommerce businesses (products  challenges) 
In-depth understanding of Attribution Modeling, Media Mix Modeling as well as Incrementality tests 
Hands-on experience in Bayesian inference and forecasting with Python is a big plus  
Experience with a customer data platform such as Tealium Audience Stream is a plus 
Ability to communicate clearly and quickly switch between various levels of abstraction 
Willingness to learn by yourself and from those around you 
Collaborative approach: ability to work together across functions, disciplines and with people of all backgrounds 
