Why Scout24? Scout24 is home of ImmoScout24, Germanys 1 for real estate. With ImmoScout24 we have been revolutionizing the real estate market in Germany and Austria for more than 20 years. Our goal is to build a digital ecosystem that brings homeowners, seekers, and agents together. Finding the right home and property is one of the most important decisions in life. So is your career! WorkingatScout24 means being part of a diverse and inclusive team of 1,060 colleagues and 58 nationalities. We embrace difference and celebrate individuality. By encouraging open mindedness and authenticity we enable a true learning culture and prepare the ground for personal development.  Mistakes are a chance to grow and to innovate. Together we act proactively, strive for improvement, and take responsibility. We talk about success and challenge while treating each other with respect because we are oneteam. 
If this sounds interesting to you, we would love to see you joining us!  Even if you may not tick all the boxes of the job requirements, we are happy to hear about the value you can add to the team.  Grow with us!. Welcome home!  
Aside from our people and company culture we are offering awesome benefits that make Scout24 a great place to work!  

Compensation: A competitive salary package and a bonus on top.  
Flexibility: Decide for yourself where you work most effectively. We offer you a hybrid working model, autonomous working time management and 30 days of vacation annually.  
Work from abroad: Our remote working policy includes the possibility to work from abroad for a few weeks per year (if it gets along with the business and team needs)
Relocation: Our relocation agency supports you with your visa process and an attractive relocation package.  
Use our products: As an employee you can take advantage of our plus membership for tenants on ImmoScout24 to find a new place to live.  
Development: Dedicated learning time per month, online courses on our ScoutAcademy, regular book challenges, structured feedback, Lunch  Learn-Events and individual career paths to push your career to the next level.    
Have kids? Well support you with a professional family service, which helps you to find a childcare center or offers emergency childcare.    
Furry feel good manager: Bring your dog to work (upon approval, as we prioritise the well-being of our employees and ensure that our dog policy is considerate of allergic individuals and prevents overcrowding on each office floor). 
Mobility: We subsidize public transport or Job Bikes. 
Commitment to sustainability and Diversity, Equity  Inclusion (DEI): We have clear environmental and climate protection goals and are involved in social activities and charitable organizations throughout the year. We live the diversity. Our theme weeks on diversity, mental well-being, and other social issues give us time and space to develop ourselves on DEI and sustainability.
Most innovative office: Our office is in the heart of Berlin right at the central station. 2021 it was awarded for the most innovative office concept. We have an own gym with regular courses, napping room, rooftop terrace, organic coffee, snackbar, 100 green electricity and a massage therapist that comes in once a week.  
We are a tech company: We work with the latest technical tools and hardware.  

As part of the Builders org, you will be working in a cross-functional team and responsible for integrating new features into an app installed by more than 3 million users, which helps almost one million people every day in their search for their dream home.
Following the One Team philosophy we focus on collaboration, continuous learning, and technology. We are looking for candidates who are eager to share their knowledge with our experienced developers and are willing to bring their best practices and actively contribute to the tech strategy of the iOS app at Scout24.
How your role will look like:

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features and improvements for iOS applications.
Write clean, maintainable, and efficient code in Swift and Objective-C.
Debug and optimize existing code to ensure the best performance and user experience.
Participate in code and design reviews to maintain code quality and consistency.
Stay updated on the latest iOS development trends, tools, and technologies.
Ensure the security and privacy of user data in compliance with best practices and regulations.
Write unit and UI tests to identify issues early and ensure high code quality.
Collaborate with UXUI designers to create visually appealing and user-friendly interfaces.
Provide technical guidance and mentorship to junior developers as needed.

What you need to succeed:

Strong experience in iOS development using Swift with UIKit and SwiftUI.
Solid understanding of object-oriented programming (OOP) concepts and SOLID principles.
Experience with RESTful APIs, JSON, and web services integration.
Knowledge of software development lifecycle (SDLC) processes, including version control (e.g., Git), code review, and CICD.
Demonstrated ability to write well-structured, modular, and maintainable code.
Experience with unit and UI testing. Test-driven development (TDD) experience is highly valued.
Strong problem-solving and debugging skills.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively in a team environment.
Be able to communicate proficiently in English.
