Scribe Therapeutics is a molecular engineering company focused on creating best-in-class in vivo therapies that permanently treat the underlying cause of disease. Founded by CRISPR inventors and leading molecular engineers Benjamin Oakes, Brett Staahl, David Savage, and Jennifer Doudna, Scribe is overcoming the limitations of current genome editing technologies by developing custom engineered enzymes and delivery modalities as part of a proprietary, evergreen CRISPR by Design platform for CRISPR-based genetic medicine.
We are seeking a highly creative, passionate, and motivated individual to join us in our quest to develop the next generation of CRISPR-based therapeutics. The current role is for a Research Associate to advance our ongoing efforts to engineer highly active and specific CRISPR enzymes. The candidate should have a passion for characterizing the CRISPR systems that advance our therapeutic programs. The role will work collaboratively across interdisciplinary teams, including protein engineers, process sciences, computational biologists, NGS, and disease experts. The candidate should bring experience in cell culture and synthetic biology, and a passion for creating tools to meet the challenge of this new frontier in genetic medicine. 
The candidate will have numerous opportunities for professional growth in a rapidly growing biotechnology start-up, which includes growing into a leadership role of increasing responsibilities and the ability to publish highly impactful work in peer reviewed journals. 
 
Key Responsibilities:

Develop, optimize and validate cellular and protein assays. 
Execute in vitro cellular and molecular biology assays, analyze and document results.
Communicate research plans and results to team members verbally and in writing.
Effectively collaborate with members within a fully integrated team to facilitate execution on projects within established timelines.
Foster a driven, fast-paced, dynamic, and fun environment in which to do rigorous science.

Required Skills and Background:

A Bachelors andor Masters in Biology, Bioengineering, Cell biology, Genetics, or related discipline.
At least 3 years (with a Masters) or at least 5 years of working experience with a proven track record of expertise in assaysworkflow development.
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced, interdisciplinary research team.
Experience with protein assays (Western, ELISA, IF), RNA-based assays (qPCR, ddPCR), molecular biology, flow cytometry, andor high-content imaging.
Experience with screening and characterization of molecules using cell-free and cell-based assays including drug dose response, MoA, cellular efficacy etc. 
Experience culturing primary cell models relevant to cardiometabolic disease .
Familiarity with cardiometabolic disease models, metabolism, and assay qualification.     

 
Preferred Skills and Background:

Experience with CRISPR-Cas gene editing systems and delivery technology. 
Experience in in vitro pharmacology.
Previous Pharma, Biotech or CRO experience.

 
Salary will be commensurate with experience. We will provide an intellectually stimulating, collegial and fast-paced environment. If you are ready to engineer the future of therapeutics, then we are excited to hear from you! Visit us at www.scribetx.com.  
We are committed to creating a diverse environment and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
At the time of posting, the base pay wage range for this role will vary depending on level.  The offered pay range will depend on internal equity and the candidates relevant skills, experience, qualifications, training, and market data.  Additional incentives are provided as part of the complete package in addition to comprehensive medical and other benefits. 