Scribe Therapeutics is a molecular engineering company focused on creating best-in-class in vivo therapies that permanently treat the underlying cause of disease. Founded by CRISPR inventors and leading molecular engineers Benjamin Oakes, Brett Staahl, David Savage, and Jennifer Doudna, Scribe is overcoming the limitations of current genome editing technologies by developing custom engineered enzymes and delivery modalities as part of a proprietary, evergreen CRISPR by Design platform for CRISPR-based genetic medicine.
We are seeking a highly creative, passionate, and motivated individual to join us in our quest to develop the next generation of CRISPR-based therapeutics. The current role is for a Scientist to advance our ongoing efforts to engineer highly active and specific CRISPR enzymes.  The candidate should have a passion for building the CRISPR delivery systems that advance our therapeutic programs. The role will work collaboratively across interdisciplinary teams, including  disease experts and computational biologists. The candidate should bring experience in engineering and a passion for creating tools to meet the challenge of this new frontier in genetic medicine. 
The candidate will have numerous opportunities for professional growth in a rapidly growing biotechnology start-up, which includes growing into a leadership role of increasing responsibilities and the ability to publish highly impactful work in peer reviewed journals. 
Responsibilities:

Design, build and optimize for controlled expression of CRISPR gene-editing systems in AAV or mRNA
Develop and execute pooled and arrayed screening for assessing critical characteristics of CRISPR delivery constructs in both pooled and arrayed formats.
Develop and execute assays for characterizing CRISPR delivery constructs such as cell type specificity  expression
Collaborate across pre-clinical therapeutic groups in the company and externally to drive advancement of nucleic acid drug components
Critically evaluate experiment data and communicate scientific findings as verbal presentations and written reports
Assume project responsibilities and effectively present updates, and communicate research plans and timelines to the senior leadership team.
Effectively collaborate cross functionally  to facilitate execution on projects within established timelines.
Mentor junior scientists
Foster a driven, fast-paced, dynamic, and fun environment in which to do rigorous science

Required Skills and Background:

A PhD in Virology, Cell or Molecular Biology, Neuroscience or related discipline.
At least 2 years of experience working in an industry lab, with a proven track record of expertise in molecular biology, protein engineering, and pooled screening.
Advanced expertise in the latest molecular and cellular biology techniques.
Knowledge of of AAV biology andor mRNA delivery systems 
Experience with CRISPR-Cas gene editing systems
Expertise in use of mammalian cell reporter systems, screening in human cells, and readout by FACS and NGS analysis.
Expertise in molecular biology, RNA and protein analysis (e.g. qPCR, RT-qPCR, Western, etc.)
Demonstrated scientific productivity and drive as evidenced by a strong publication record in top journals

Preferred Skills and Background:

Familiarity with CRISPR therapeutic approaches.
Experience with functional genomics or next-generation sequencing approaches.
Experience with computational tools for analysis of biological data.
Working knowledge of statistics to enable the design and analysis of pooled screens with 10K library members.

 
Salary will be commensurate with experience. We will provide an intellectually stimulating, collegial and fast-paced environment. If you are ready to engineer the future of therapeutics, then we are excited to hear from you! Visit us at www.scribetx.com.  
We are committed to creating a diverse environment and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
 
At the time of posting, the base pay wage range for this role will depend per level per year.  The offered pay range will depend on internal equity and the candidates relevant skills, experience, qualifications, training, and market data.  Additional incentives are provided as part of the complete package in addition to comprehensive medical and other benefits. 
