Scribe Therapeutics is a molecular engineering company focused on creating best-in-class in vivo therapies that permanently treat the underlying cause of disease. Founded by 
Chief Human Resources Officer
Scribe Therapeutics is a molecular engineering company focused on creating best-in-class in vivo therapies that permanently treat the underlying cause of disease. Founded by CRISPR inventors and leading molecular engineers Benjamin Oakes, Brett Staahl, David Savage, and Jennifer Doudna, Scribe is overcoming the limitations of current genome editing technologies by developing custom engineered enzymes and delivery modalities as part of a proprietary, evergreen CRISPR by Design platform for CRISPR-based genetic medicine.
We are seeking a highly creative, passionate, and motivated individual to join us in our quest to develop the next generation of CRISPR-based therapeutics. Reporting to our CEO, the current role is for a CHRO to lead HR initiatives and support overall company strategy.  The candidate should have a passion for prioritizing the company culture while influencing the areas of talent management, employee engagement, change management, organizational and leadership development, and total rewards. Additionally, the candidate would bring expertise in being an advisor to the CEO and other members of the leadership team, as well as the board of directors, particularly the Compensation Committee.
The candidate will design and execute a human resources strategy that will support both near and longer-term goals and objectives by leading the development of strategic and scalable talent practices that promote value and culture, drive employee performance and accountability, motivate workers, and attract the best talent.
Key Responsibilities:

Collaborate with the CEO and the executive team in supporting overall company objectives.
Create an engagement and retention strategy, including an appropriate Total Rewards structure, as well as development opportunities to incentivize employees.
Develop effective leadership and talent development programs that enhance the overall organizational effectiveness.
Ensure the appropriate evolution of the organizational structure to reflect current and future needs of the company. 
Effectively collaborate with members within a fully integrated team to facilitate execution on projects within established timelines, including total rewards enhancements, updating systems, and managing budget.
Promote Scribes culture and values, and ensure they are fostered as the company grows.
Foster a driven, fast-paced, dynamic, and fun environment in which to do rigorous science

Required Skills and Background:

Prior experience leading the HR function, with an established track record of delivering results.
Deep and broad knowledge of HR processes such as workforce planning, performance management, talent reviews, and change management.
BS degree in Human Resources, Business Administration, or related field is highly desired.  An MBA or related Masters degree is preferred.
At least 12 years of experience in HR leadership roles within high growth companies
Demonstrated success in fast paced, innovative biotechlife sciences companies, both privately and publicly held. 
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced, interdisciplinary research team

Preferred Skills and Background:

Familiarity with scaling up a life science organization.
Familiarity with current HR practices including benefits and compensation philosophies and HR compliance.

Salary will be commensurate with experience. We will provide an intellectually stimulating, collegial and fast-paced environment. If you are ready to engineer the future of therapeutics, then we are excited to hear from you! Visit us at www.scribetx.com.  
 We are committed to creating a diverse environment and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status.
At the time of posting, the base pay wage range for this role varies according to level, per year.  The pay range offered will depend on internal equity and the candidates relevant skills, experience, qualifications, training, and market data.  Additional incentives are provided as part of the complete package in addition to comprehensive medical and other benefits.  
