 
Scribe Therapeutics is a molecular engineering company focused on creating best-in-class in vivo therapies that permanently treat the underlying cause of disease. Founded by CRISPR inventors and leading molecular engineers Benjamin Oakes, Brett Staahl, David Savage, and Jennifer Doudna, Scribe is overcoming the limitations of current genome editing technologies by developing custom engineered enzymes and delivery modalities as part of a proprietary, evergreen CRISPR by Design platform for CRISPR-based genetic medicine.
We are seeking a creative, passionate, and motivated individual to join us in our quest to develop the next generation of CRISPR-based therapeutics. The current role is for a Principal Scientist to lead our Molecular Engineering - Cargo team.  The successful candidate will plan and lead engineering campaigns on our CRISPR transgene expression constructs - with a focus primarily on mRNA delivery. In addition, they will be thought leaders on our CRISPR platform buildout, including assay development for CRISPR expression and localization in vitro and in vivo. As a manager of several scientists and research specialists, the candidate should bring leadership and mentorship around scientific careers in industry. 
The candidate will have numerous opportunities for professional growth in a rapidly growing biotechnology start-up. 
Responsibilities:

Lead a research team to optimize and be the experts in our CRISPR delivery constructs, including mRNA and AAV transgenes
Oversee and develop assays for characterizing CRISPR delivery constructs, including delivery, expression, and localization within cells and in vivo
Collaborate across research teams in biology, process science, NGS and automation to drive effective processes and collaborative initiatives
Develop strategy for the selection and optimization of CRISPR components for our therapeutic programs
Manage CROs for production and external research activities
Critically evaluate results and communicate scientific findings both internal and externally
Mentor and manage a motivated group of scientists and research associates 
Foster a driven, fast-paced, dynamic environment in which to do rigorous science

Required Skills and Background:

A PhD in Bioengineering, Biochemistry, Biophysics, Synthetic Biology, Genetics or related discipline
At least 3 years of experience working in an industry setting, with a proven track record of expertise in molecular engineering, designing reporter systems, screening in human cells, and readout by FACS and NGS
Experience in managing and leading teams of 2 or more scientists
Expertise in molecular biology, RNA and protein analysis (e.g. qPCR, RT-qPCR, Western, etc.)
Demonstrated scientific productivity and drive as evidenced by a strong publication record in top journals

Preferred Skills and Background:

Experience with CRISPR therapeutic approaches and delivery systems.
Experience in AAV optimization, production, and characterization 
Experience with functional genomics or next-generation sequencing approaches.
Experience with computational tools for analysis of biological data.

Salary will be commensurate with experience. We will provide an intellectually stimulating, collegial and fast-paced environment. If you are ready to engineer the future of therapeutics, then we are excited to hear from you! Visit us at www.scribetx.com.  
We are committed to creating a diverse environment and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
At the time of posting, the base pay wage range for this role is 150,000-190,000 per year.  The offered pay range will depend on internal equity and the candidates relevant skills, experience, qualifications, training, and market data.  Additional incentives are provided as part of the complete package in addition to comprehensive medical and other benefits.  
