Scribe Therapeutics is a molecular engineering company focused on creating best-in-class in vivo therapies that permanently treat the underlying cause of disease. Founded by CRISPR inventors and leading molecular engineers Benjamin Oakes, Brett Staahl, David Savage, and Jennifer Doudna, Scribe is overcoming the limitations of current genome editing technologies by developing custom engineered enzymes and delivery modalities as part of a proprietary, evergreen CRISPR by Design platform for CRISPR-based genetic medicine.
The Role:
 We are seeking a highly creative, passionate, and motivated individual to join us in our quest to develop the next generation of CRISPR-based therapeutics. The current role is for a VP, Corporate Communications  Investor Relations to join our team and advance our platform. The candidate should have a passion for working collaboratively with a growing team of dynamic and diverse individuals focused on building the necessary tools for meeting the new frontier of CRISPR-based therapeutics. 
The Vice President, Corporate Communications  Investor Relations will be responsible for ensuring Scribe is appropriately and strategically positioned with investors, media, collaborators and all other relevant stakeholders.  Over time this will include preparing Scribe to become a publicly listed company and maintaining relationships with sell side research analysts. This role will support management in developing the overall investor relations and corporate communications strategy and will be responsible for its execution. This individual will serve as one of the primary contacts with the investor and media community. The holder of this job will report directly to the Chief Financial Officer, will have significant exposure to senior leadership and will lead the development and implementation of the Scribes strategic corporate communications strategy to build identity, reputation, and visibility across multiple stakeholders including investors, media, employees, the broader scientific and medical communities, and patients.
Key Responsibilities:
Public Relations  Corporate Communications

Develop and execute a comprehensive, best-in-class corporate communications program, that builds a high-quality brand which conveys the unique value of Scribe, its science and product candidates and leverages a strong understanding of the investment, biotech and pharmaceutical communities to enhance the perception and visibility of Scribe.
Develop and execute a set of policies for internal and external communication for Scribe employees.
Build and maintain strong relationships with thought leaders within the media, academia and industry to deliver positive PR messaging.
Manage and coordinate responses from media inquiries and corporate communication requests.
Develop corporate communications materials, including press releases, QAs, fact sheets, website content, executive talking points, social media materials etc., in collaboration with external agencies, corporate partners, and internal colleagues.
Define and manage the strategy, planning, and implementation of a robust social media presence.
Track and report on media coverage and protect and enhance the reputation of Scribe in the press.
Coordinate key events, which include but are not limited to media invites, event press coverage, media kit creationdistribution, event setup, and working with third party vendors.
Management of media preparation for executive interviews.
Maintain industry best practices and stay up to date on emerging trends.
Manage Public Relations Firm and external media relations. Oversee media relations efforts to proactively generate positive coverage and respond to media inquiries. Collaborate with public relations Media agencies to manage media outreach and coordinate press releases and statements.
Gather real-time insights and analysis from analyst reports, investment sentiment and competitor activity, and effectively prepare Scribe leadership teamother internal stakeholders for external interactions with investors and sell-side analysts.
Prepare Scribe for life as a public company.
Oversee routine analysis of shareholder base and refinement of investor targeting strategy.
Manage corporate overview presentation and the IR section of corporate website.
Help organize, plan, attend and track Scribes road shows, presentations, speaking engagements and conferences.
Serve as primary contact and resource for fielding investor calls, requests for information, and shareholder questions.

Crisis Communications:

Develop and execute crisis communication plans to manage and mitigate potential reputational risks effectively.

Communication Materials:

Oversee the creation of communication materials, including press releases, investor presentations, annual reports, and other corporate materials

Public Affairs:

Engage with government agencies, industry organizations, and advocacy groups to build relationships and promote Scribes mission.

Internal Communications:

Lead internal communication efforts to keep employees informed about company developments, milestones, and corporate initiatives.

Industry and Market Analysis:

Stay informed about industry trends, competitive landscape, and market dynamics to inform communication strategies.

Events and Conferences:

Plan and manage participation in industry events, conferences, and investor meetings to maximize Scribes visibility.

 Investor Relations:

Lead in the development of strategic communications directed at the investment community related to corporate, science and product milestones, quarterly financial results, annual report and other disclosures, including press releases, conference call scripts, slides and QA.
Manage appropriate interactions and communications with existing and potential shareholders and sell-side analysts (pre and post IPO).

 Financial Reporting: 

Work closely with the finance team to ensure accurate and compliant financial reporting for investors and regulatory authorities.

Required Skills and Background:

Advanced degree preferred in the life sciences, communications or finance preferred.
Requires 10 years of experience, IRCorporate Communications experience at a public biotechpharmalife science company would be ideal.
Proven track record of developing and executing successful corporate communication strategies.
Deep understanding of investor relations best practices and experience engaging with investors
Expertise and contacts in traditional and digital media.
Experience with internal communications.
Has superb written and verbal communication skills with the ability to distill complex scientific information into clear and compelling messages.
Demonstrated experience in crisis communication and issues management.
Familiarity with regulatory and financial reporting requirements in the biopharmaceutical industry.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and manage multiple priorities simultaneously.

Preferred Skills and Background:

Strong planning, organizational, time and project management skills to prioritize and complete multiple assignments and coordinate workflow.
Critical thinking, strong attention to detail and relationship building skills.

Salary will be commensurate with experience. We will provide an intellectually stimulating, collegial and fast-paced environment. If you are ready to engineer the future of therapeutics, then we are excited to hear from you! Visit us at www.scribetx.com.  
We are committed to creating a diverse environment and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
