Scientist 12, Next Generation Sequencing (NGS)
 
Scribe Therapeutics is a molecular engineering company focused on creating best-in-class in vivo therapies that permanently treat the underlying cause of disease. Founded by CRISPR inventors and leading molecular engineers Benjamin Oakes, Brett Staahl, David Savage, and Jennifer Doudna, Scribe is overcoming the limitations of current genome editing technologies by developing custom engineered enzymes and delivery modalities as part of a proprietary, evergreen CRISPR by Design platform for CRISPR-based genetic medicine.
We are seeking a creative, passionate and motivated individual to join us in our quest to develop the next generation of CRISPR-based therapeutics. The current role is for a Scientist III to join our Technology Platform Team to support our Next-Generation Sequencing Core. The candidate would bring experience in Assay Development, molecular biology, NGS library prep and workflows, automation, and familiarity with short-read and long-read sequencing. The candidate should have a passion for working collaboratively with biologists and bioengineers to enable building the necessary tools for meeting the new frontier of CRISPR-based therapeutics.
The candidate will have numerous opportunities for professional growth in a rapidly growing biotechnology start-up.
Key Responsibilities:

Work closely with Scribes teams to develop and implement NGS based assays, ensuring high quality data generation through proper assay validation, qualification, and data tracking
Collaborate across pre-clinical therapeutic groups to drive rapid advancement of new targets and molecules
Assume project responsibilities and effectively present updates
Effectively collaborate with members within a fully integrated team to facilitate execution on projects within established timelines
Effectively present data, and communicate research plans and timelines to the core team

Required Skills and Background:

MS or PhD in molecular biology, bioengineering, molecular biology, genetics, biochemistry or a related field
5 years direct wet lab research experience required
Proficient with molecular genetics wet-lab techniques, particularly PCR, qPCR, and NGS library preparation
Experience working in an assay development environment in molecular biology and NGS, including both library preparation and data analysis 
Hands-on experience operating and maintaining Illumina, PacBio, or Oxford Nanopore sequencing platforms
Exemplify our values of integrity, creativity, drive and pragmatism.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with a demonstrated ability to work effectively in a team environment.

Preferred Skills and Background:

Industry experience in NGS based assay development and implementation
Familiarity with long-read sequencing approaches (PacBio, Nanopore)
Familiarity with unix command line, sequence alignment tools, and basic bioinformatics tools
Experience working collaboratively across teams with a diverse set of skills including cell biologists, molecular engineers,  bioinformaticians and computational biologists
Experience with CRISPR-Cas gene editing systems and delivery technologies

Salary will be commensurate with experience. We will provide an intellectually stimulating, collegial and fast-paced environment. If you are ready to engineer the future of therapeutics, then we are excited to hear from you! Visit us at www.scribetx.com.  
We are committed to creating a diverse environment and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
At the time of posting, the base pay wage range for this role is 110,000-150,000 per year.  The offered pay range will depend on internal equity and the candidates relevant skills, experience, qualifications, training, and market data.  Additional incentives are provided as part of the complete package in addition to comprehensive medical and other benefits.  
