Scribe Therapeutics is a molecular engineering company focused on creating best-in-class in vivo therapies that permanently treat the underlying cause of disease. Founded by CRISPR inventors and leading molecular engineers Benjamin Oakes, Brett Staahl, David Savage, and Jennifer Doudna, Scribe is overcoming the limitations of current genome editing technologies by developing custom engineered enzymes and delivery modalities as part of a proprietary, evergreen CRISPR by Design platform for CRISPR-based genetic medicine.
 
We are seeking a highly creative, passionate, and motivated individual to join us in our quest to develop the next generation of CRISPR-based therapeutics. The current role is for a pro-active, motivated and detail-oriented Executive Assistant to support our C-Suite leadership team. This role will play an integral part in the day-to-day operations with opportunities to work on other projects as we continue to grow. 
 
Reporting directly to the CEO, you will provide support by managing complex schedules, assisting with travel arrangements, expense management, maintaining agendas and meeting notes for key meetings (including presentations), and communicating internally and externally. 
 
Key Responsibilities:

Build a vital partnership with the executives to anticipate needs and provide high-level, tailored executive support.
Manage schedules and executive priorities in an organized, efficient way. The ability to understand priority calls and meetings and communicate quickly and thoroughly in an ever-changing environment is key.
Handle general administrative duties i.e. expense reports, booking travel, planning celebratory team events, etc.
Coordinate internal and external department communications, including communications with external investors, analysts and reporters.
Execute administrative activities, with precision, a high attention to detail, organization and process as well as the ability to juggle multiple deadlines at a time.
Facilitate key staff meetings by structuring agendas, taking notes, and organizing work streams.
Work closely with the hiring managers to coordinate onboarding for our new hires.
Planning and coordinating onsiteoffsite meetings, including large scale events.
Foster a driven, fast-paced, dynamic, and fun environment in which to do rigorous science

Required Skills and Background:

Bachelors degree strongly preferred 
Proficient computer skills. Expertise with G-suite (Gmail, docs, spreadsheets, slides). Proficiency in commonly used software and technologies, such as video conferencing, and collaboration tools.
Minimum of 5 years of experience in a fast-paced environment, supporting senior executives, strongly preferred
Experience working in the biotechnology or life science field is a plus
Excellent prioritization and organization skills to meet deadlines with efficiency and accuracy
Strong work ethic with a positive can do attitude
Exhibit excellent judgment and discretion to work with confidential information
Thrives with owning one-off projects and seeing them through to fruition with minimal oversight
Exceptional communication skills (written  verbal) with internal and external players, ability to communicate proactively, effectively, and clearly
Team player that can easily handle changing priorities 
Solid organizational skills with a laser-focused eye for detail
Highly proactive and resourceful
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced, interdisciplinary research team

 
Salary will be commensurate with experience. We will provide an intellectually stimulating, collegial and fast-paced environment. If you are ready to engineer the future of therapeutics, then we are excited to hear from you! Visit us at www.scribetx.com.  
We are committed to creating a diverse environment and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status.
At the time of posting, the base pay wage range for this role is 100,000-145,000 per year.  The offered pay range will depend on internal equity and the candidates relevant skills, experience, qualifications, training, and market data.  Additional incentives are provided as part of the complete package in addition to comprehensive medical and other benefits. 