Were Sendlane, an established SaaS provider disrupting the eCommerce industry by unifying the marketing tech stack for DTC brands with a unified approach to email, SMS, and reviews. Were on the hunt for a Director of Customer Success. This is a crucial role for us. So, lets talk about it. 
Reflected by your ability to stay on the ground level of our day-to-day operations, your success in this role will ultimately be measured by your teams ability to reduce churn, increase customer growth, and promote customer stickiness. Coaching our growing team on customer engagement, customer retention, and overall scale will be your North Star.
But before we get deeper into this job, lets talk about you!
Through and through, youre a proactive and convergent thinker with an optimistic and charismatic communication style. Considering your role is strictly focused on interacting with, influencing, andor educating others, be it our team or our clients,  these are important qualities for you to possess. 
You have extensive and proven experience leading teams of 20 or more people during the growth stage of the startups youve worked for previously. Because our clients place a lot of trust and partnership with our company, you are responsible for ensuring that they feel taken care of by our Success teams, which means that youre familiar with and endorse the High Touch Model for Customer Success. 
If this sounds like you, then keep reading! Heres more on the job itself. 
In short, you will oversee and immediately impact company growth through decreased churn, increased upsellsrenewals, customer satisfaction, and the achievement of team KPIs. 
Is this something youre up for? Sweet. Heres the bulleted skinny on what you can expect from the job and its day-to-day responsibilities:

Drive customer outcomes, product adoption, and customer experience

Influence future lifetime value by driving product adoption, leading a positive customer experience, and driving growth through gross renewals and net retention improvements.
Reduce churn and drive new business growth through greater advocacy and reference ability

Define and optimize the customer lifecycle by operating programs and initiatives to improve engagement approaches based on customer segmentation and leading a culture of continuous improvement
Build and lead a world-class team:

Drive operational practices to track the performance of teams and individuals
Recruit and develop a high-performing team
Develop company-wide customer success motion integrating processes, content, and data tofrom stakeholder organizations (e,g., Marketing, Sales, ProductEngineering, etc.)

Work closely with the Sales  Customer Success leaders to align on strategies, renewal forecasting, coverage plans, and account opportunities (i.e., opportunities and risks)
Address escalated client issues quickly and urgently, orchestrating resources across the company as appropriate.

Requirements:

8 Years Demonstrated progressive management experience leading teams in a retention marketing, agency, or eCommerce marketing environment (MOST IMPORTANT)
6 Years Demonstrated operational excellence in analytical thinking, process development and improvement, problem-solving, communication, delegation, and planning
Proven experience driving new and expansion sales, customer retention, driving software adoption, and leveraging customer success best practices
Proven ability to develop strategies, translate them into initiatives, and track successful delivery
Possesses a strong management presence and leadership ability, with communication and interpersonal skills that inspire and motivate leaders and teams
Able to be flexible and agile in responding to evolving business priorities and dealing with ambiguity
Able to collaborate across the organization and with external stakeholders

Sound like something youre up for? SICK! 
Lets take a break and talk about whats in it for you! We strive to ensure that our employees have the best experience possible. Here are a few of the benefits we offer:

MedicalDentalVision
401k
Flexible PTO 
We pay you to GO AWAY - a 1000 bonus for taking 5 or more consecutive business days off!
Up to 6 weeks of Paid Parental Leave
Equipment for your home office (including a MacBook and an annual stipend to get your office set up!)
Monthly remote team building and consistent team engagement (we wont force you to do Yoga with us, but we will challenge you to make your best impression of the Spice Girls for 100 to Amazon)

While working remotely, you can count on having an incredible team of people who are all insanely hard-working (and absolutely HILARIOUS). We have, what we call, a friends first culture! That doesnt mean were not getting work done or getting too personal with one another. It simply means that our collaboration, communication, and ability to work together are second to none because we have a solid understanding of the people we work with daily and enjoy it, too! And, to answer your question yes, we have conducted entire conversations using only GIFs. 
If this sounds like your cup of tea, we want to hear from you!
PLEASE NOTE: This role is LIMITED to candidates within the USA ONLY
 