Were Sendlane, an established SaaS provider disrupting the eCommerce industry by unifying the marketing tech stack for DTC brands with a unified approach to email, SMS, and reviews. If youre reading this, it means youre at least playing with the idea of ditching your current gig and level-up. Look no further, compadre. Have we got a challenge for you
Above all else, you are quick as a whip, both in pace and smarts. Analytical by nature, you excel in problem-solving and identifying issues before they arrive - this, in particular, will serve you well in the Customer Success Manager role with us. Because you move quickly, your sense of urgency is also very high. Be it communicating with a client, working with a peer, or finishing your promised task...You do things fast, and you do them well. Strategy and execution propel you, and your greatest strength is your follow-through. Youre the one who gets things across the finish line. You give everything you do 110. Honestly, the world would be much more efficient if we had more people like you. Alas, there can only be one. 
In this role, you would be the trusted advisor to our customer base, owning their entire lifecycle post-implementation. This means you are accountable for their long-term success using our platform! Think of yourself as our clients partner; Your job is to help them grow their business and, in turn, grow ours! Constantly solution-minded, you will strive to align technology and expertise on behalf of our clients, collaborating to determine (or, better yet, anticipate) their needs, recommend optimization opportunities, identify net-new strategies, develop retention efforts, and manage expectations all along the way.  
Monitoring customer usage with an eye toward deeper platform adoption, you will leverage customer data and usage patterns to propose product improvements and new feature recommendations. Maintaining high levels of customer engagement and satisfaction, The ultimate goal for this role is retention. Your focus is to deliver both meaningful business impact and delight simultaneously. 
Nothing too crazy, right? Just in case youre not a paragraph kind of person, heres the bulleted skinny on what you can expect in this position, day-to-day and high-level:

Develop a strong technical proficiency and practical understanding of Sendlanes product suite, enabling articulate discussions on performance management and industry best practices. 
Continuously monitor and assess how customers utilize the application, focusing on fostering increased platform adoption. 
Utilize client data and usage trends to propose enhancements and suggest new features that align with customer needs.
Provide expert guidance during deployment, offer operational best practices, and play a pivotal role in establishing a Sendlane Center of Excellence. 
Actively participate in workshops to empower customers to harness the value of Sendlanes solutions fully.
Track and evaluate customer progress in achieving KPIs and report these findings internally to leadership and customers reviewing advancements toward strategic and technical objectives.
Strategize on the teams overarching goals and long-term vision, driving innovation and growth. 
Enhance team expertise and promote technical thought leadership to help expand technical expertise and deliver top-notch customer experiences.
Collaborate across departments to find solutions to intricate scenarios and integration challenges. Demonstrate leadership by staying at the forefront of new features and technologies, conducting regular training sessions, and producing documentation for customers and fellow Sendlane team members.
Work closely with Sales, Implementation Managers, Engineering, Compliance, and Product teams to optimize service delivery, fostering cross-functional collaboration for the benefit of our clients.

Requirements:

2 years in eCommretention marketing (MOST IMPORTANT)
3 years prior Customer Success or Account Management experience 
Strong communication skills and technical aptitude
Familiarity with Hubspot, Salesforce, and other Software-as-a-Service
Proactive team player who has fresh ideas when it comes to user adoption and churn mitigation 
Enjoy working closely with customers to ensure complete satisfaction 
A self-starter who takes the initiative to get things done

Sound like something youre up for? SICK! 
Lets take a break and talk about whats in it for you! We strive to ensure that our employees have the best experience possible. Here are a few of the benefits we offer:

MedicalDentalVision
401k
Flexible PTO 
We pay you to GO AWAY - a 1000 bonus for taking 5 or more consecutive business days off!
Up to 6 weeks of Paid Parental Leave
Equipment for your home office (including a MacBook and an annual stipend to get your office set up!)
Monthly remote team building and consistent team engagement (we wont force you to do Yoga with us, but we will challenge you to make your best impression of the Spice Girls for 100 to Amazon)

While working remotely, you can count on having an incredible team of people who are all insanely hard-working (and absolutely HILARIOUS). We have, what we call, a friends first culture! That doesnt mean were not getting work done or getting too personal with one another. It simply means that our collaboration, communication, and ability to work together are second to none because we have a solid understanding of the people we work with daily and enjoy it, too! And, to answer your question yes, we have conducted entire conversations using only GIFs. 
If this sounds like your cup of tea, we want to hear from you! 