Hi! Were Sendlane, a small but rapidly growing SaaS start-up in San Diego, CA on a mission to disrupt how merchants approach eCommerce and increase their ROI! We are currently building out our growing sales team and looking for Account Executives who have a passion for closing deals. 
 
Here are the quick details of the role: 


You will close deals and earn commissions. Salary and commission is a 5050 split and commission is uncapped.  


You will manage warm outbound, and inbound deals from intro to close. 


You will perform and schedule product demonstrations and consistent customer follow-up


We work with small and medium mid-market eCommerce companies.


This is a highly-technical and strategic role. Relational and consultative selling will be key.


Detail orientation and working with agencies is ideal.


You will excel in this position if you have eCommerce andor Marketing background


 
Thats the job. Interested? Want to learn more? Great, heres our TedTalk on the company and the role. Enjoy!
Well kick this off by saying: we are a product-lead platform. If youve worked with a product-lead company in the past then you know exactly what this means. Sitting on our growing sales team, your role would be different from other organizations who might be more sales-lead. Youll be prospect-focused and that requires a massively different approach. 
At Sendlane, the folks who find the greatest success in selling our platform dont actually sell our platform at all. They sell what our platform can solve. Your job is to determine what the prospect thinks they need and then align it with what they really need. How? By building knowledge-based trust. Asking the right questions, understanding the needs of the client and customizing their experience with authenticity and a genuine concern for the growth of the prospects business. 
Nothing too crazy, right? Just in case youre not a paragraph kind of person, heres the bulleted skinny on what you can expect in this position, day-to-day and high-level:
You are... 


Authentic and genuine. 


Experienced in Ecommerce andor SaaS Sales 


You are good at talking but youre better at listening; Consultative and relational. 


Solution-oriented and technically-minded; Strategic, with a degree of sociability.


Comfortable in an ever-evolving environment and can pivot quickly.


Confident in your drive and ability to totally learn new technology and sell it.


You rock at... 


Consultative sales; Identifying problems and creating solutions (and creating that breakthrough moment for the customer). 


Communicating value proposition within the context of the customers pain points. 


Keeping control of the conversation and the attention of the customer. 


Pivoting to create custom solutions.


Thinking critically in real-time on how to positively impact the customer.


What youll do here on a day-to-day basis


Be an advisor who is a product and market expert; Your potential clients should feel comfortable speaking to you about their business, their problems, and their needs. 


Learn more about the prospects business, asking open ended questions to understand their goals, needs and challenges to qualify their goodness of fit. 


Pay attention to tone and actively listen to better guide the conversation toward a close. 


Show how Sendlane can solve the business challenges being faced by the prospect and drive the close. 


 
Sound like something youre up for? SICK! 
 
Lets take a break and talk about whats in it for you! We strive to ensure that our employees have the best experience possible. Here are a few of the benefits we offer:


MedicalDentalVision


401k


Flexible PTO 


We pay you to GO AWAY - a 1000 bonus for taking 5 of more consecutive business days off!


Up to 6 weeks of Paid Parental Leave


Equipment for your home office (including a MacBook and an annual stipend to get your office set up!)


Monthly remote team building and consistent team engagement (we wont force you to do Yoga with us, but we will challenge you to make your best impression of the Spice Girls for 100 to Amazon)


Along with our benefits, you can expect an awesome work environment. After some conversation and a team vote, we unanimously agreed that remaining a 100 remote team is the bees knees. That said, if you want to work remotely for the rest of the time... great! 
While working remotely, you can count on having an incredible team of people who are all insanely hard-working (and absolutely HILARIOUS). We have, what we call, a friends first culture! That doesnt mean were not getting work done or getting too personal with one another. It simply means that our collaboration, communication, and ability to work together are second to none because we have a solid understanding of the people we work with daily and enjoy it, too! And, to answer your question yes, we have conducted entire conversations using only GIFs. 
If this sounds like your cup of tea, we want to hear from you! 