Were Sendlane, an established SaaS provider disrupting the eCommerce industry by unifying the marketing tech stack for DTC brands with a unified approach to email, SMS, and reviews. If youre reading this, youre at least playing with the idea of ditching your current gig and leveling up. Look no further, compadre. Have we got a challenge for you!
The search is on for our next Enterprise Customer Success Manager!
So, who is our ideal team player? Above all else, you are quick as a whip, both in pace and smarts. Analytical by nature, you excel in problem-solving and identifying issues before they arrive - this, in particular, will serve you well in the Customer Success Manager role with us. Because you move quickly, your sense of urgency is also very high. Be it communicating with a client, working with a peer, or finishing your promised task...You do things fast, and you do them well. Strategy and execution propel you, and your greatest strength is your follow-through. Youre the one who gets things across the finish line. You give everything you do 110. Honestly, the world would be much more efficient if we had more people like you. Alas, there can only be one. 
In this role, you would be the trusted advisor to our customer base, owning their entire lifecycle post-implementation. This means you are accountable for their long-term success using our platform! Think of yourself as our clients partner; Your job is to help them grow their business and, in turn, grow ours! Constantly solution-minded, you will strive to align technology and expertise on behalf of our clients, collaborating to determine (or, better yet, anticipate) their needs, recommend optimization opportunities, identify net-new strategies, develop retention efforts, and manage expectations all along the way.  
Monitoring customer usage with an eye toward deeper platform adoption, you will leverage customer data and usage patterns to propose product improvements and new feature recommendations. Maintaining high levels of customer engagement and satisfaction: The ultimate goal for this role is retention. Your focus is to deliver both meaningful business impact and delight simultaneously. 
Heres the bulleted skinny on what you can expect in this position, day-to-day and high-level:

Be the primary point of contact and strategic advisor for enterprise customers who are post-implementation. You will dive into their data and understand their needs, goals, and challenges. You will advocate for them and their needs internally by developing close partnerships with Sales and Product.
Be driven by NRR for your assigned BoB through the CS processes to ensure successful outcomes resulting in customer renewals and expansion.
Identify opportunities for process improvement and innovation to enhance the customer experience and drive customer success.
Establish clear retention goals and process milestones for the client and employees to work toward
Leverage your expertise in our product to assist customers with setting up and navigating the features  functionality of our system in tandem with any associated product or service.
Be the SME for the team in day-to-day questions while creating training courses and educational materials for other members of the department to increase their knowledge and growth opportunities within their own assigned BoB as well as within the company.
Review customer complaints and concerns and seek to improve all aspects of the customer experience with the company.
Maintain a detailed record of customers needs, goals, achievements, identified opportunities, and encountered challenges.

Requirements:

4 years in eCommretention marketingSaaS environments (MOST IMPORTANT)
5 years prior Customer Success or Account Management experience 
Strong communication skills and technical aptitude
Familiarity with Hubspot, Salesforce, and other Software-as-a-Service is a plus
Proactive team player who has fresh ideas when it comes to user adoption and churn mitigation 
Enjoy working closely with customers to ensure complete satisfaction 
A self-starter who takes the initiative to get things done

Sound like something youre up for? SICK! 
Lets take a break and talk about whats in it for you! We strive to ensure that our employees have the best experience possible. Here are a few of the benefits we offer:

MedicalDentalVision
401k
Flexible PTO 
We pay you to GO AWAY - a 1000 bonus for taking 5 or more consecutive business days off!
Up to 6 weeks of Paid Parental Leave
Equipment for your home office (including a MacBook and an annual stipend to get your office set up!)
Monthly remote team building and consistent team engagement (we wont force you to do Yoga with us, but we will challenge you to make your best impression of the Spice Girls for 100 to Amazon)

While working remotely, you can count on having an incredible team of people who are all insanely hard-working (and absolutely HILARIOUS). We have what we call a friends first culture! That doesnt mean were not getting work done or getting too personal with one another. It simply means that our collaboration, communication, and ability to work together are second to none because we have a solid understanding of the people we work with daily and enjoy it, too! And, to answer your question yes, we have conducted entire conversations using only GIFs. 
If this sounds like your cup of tea, we want to hear from you! 
 
PLEASE NOTE: This role is LIMITED to candidates within the USA ONLY
 