Were Sendlane, an established SaaS provider disrupting the eCommerce industry by unifying the marketing tech stack for DTC brands with a unified approach to email, SMS, and reviews. We are in a hyper-growth phase and looking for a VP of Finance to lead a highly dynamic finance team.
 
About the opportunity:
As the VP of Finance at Sendlane, you will help guide the strategic direction and enterprise value creation within the company. Reporting to the CEO and joining the senior leadership team, you will lead, organize, and direct all aspects of the Finance function including FPA, accounting, tax and legal. To help empower all leaders and team members, you will play a leading role in building up SaaS and financial literacy, bring transparency to the budgeting and operating plan process, and add a balanced perspective in decision-making. Joining at a key inflection point in the business, you will demonstrate a growth-oriented mindset to help Sendlane continue its rapid ascent, while also adding the appropriate amount of rigor to help the business scale responsibly.  
 
Areas of responsibility: 


Strategic Financial Expertise:


Serve as a trusted advisor in companys decision-making using insights grounded in high-quality data, relevant experiences, and drivers of SaaS enterprise value. 


Help lead a culture of financial stewardship and accountability that helps customers win.




Financial Planning and Analysis:


Take ownership of the companys financial plan, continuously refining the financial model with a keen focus on SaaS metrics and insights.


Implement benchmarks for measuring financial and operational performance, ensuring the highest levels of efficiency.




Departmental Partnerships: 


Collaborate with leaders to optimize departmental and overall team performance through effective planning, budgeting, and tradeoff management. 


Define, monitor, and share out key performance indicators, enabling leaders with the right information to control costs.  




Key Accounting Oversight:


Collaborate closely with internal staff to ensure precise and punctual accounting practices, monthly close processes, and general reporting.


Engage and oversee external firms (accountingtaxaudit) to drive strategic projects and maintain compliance.




Investor Collaboration:


Act as the primary financial point of contact for growth equity sponsors, ensuring transparent and reliable financial reporting.


Engage actively in a wide-range of strategic discussions, including but not limited to further capitalization and MA.  




Financial Modeling, Dashboards, and Enablement:


Develop and maintain accurate financial models and forecasts, monitoring performance metrics on a regular basis.


Utilize dashboards and ongoing enablement to ensure clear understanding of KPIs across the business, and improve quality of decision-making.  




Vendor Management and Legal Liaison:


Manage vendor relationships, reviewing agreements to ensure cost-effectiveness and compliance.


Serve as the central liaison for all legal matters, coordinating with outside counsel as necessary.




 
Qualifications: 


A minimum of 10 years of finance experience in high-growth SaaS, showcasing a deep understanding of the nuances of the business model and paths to efficient growth. 


Senior-level responsibility for finance, accounting, tax and legal matters, with a proven track record of driving financial performance and growth.


Demonstrated expertise in Financial Planning  Analysis (FPA), technical accounting, and reporting, with a strong analytical foundation and an ability to extract meaningful insights from financial data.


A clear ability to lead a high-performance team, and collaborative effectively with other leaders across the business to fine-tune goals, budgets, hiring plans, and initiatives in support of the companys objectives 


A consistent curiosity about the customer, and what will help both Sendlanes customers and the business win 


Reflects the highest standards when it comes to integrity, work-ethic, and accuracy, and helps set the tone for the rest of the organization around financial stewardship and performance


Direct participation in raising capital and MA within a growth-equity environment is a plus 


Resourceful, adaptable, and willing to contribute directly on projects


 
Benefits:
Phew, alright lets take a break and talk about whats in it for you! 
We strive to ensure that our employees have the best experience possible (while still remembering that you are here to do a job). So heres what we offer in addition to the rockstar team youll be working with:


100 Remote


MedicalDentalVision


401k Match after 1 Year


Flexible PTO


We pay you to GO AWAY—1000 bonus for taking 5 or more consecutive business days off!


Up to 6 Weeks of Paid Parental Leave


Equity—If youre helping us build, we want you to have a piece!


Equipment for your home office (including a MacBook, a giant monitor, and an annual stipend to get your office set up!)


Team building and consistent team engagement 


 
Sound like the perfect role for you? Great! We cant wait to meet you.
PLEASE NOTE: This role is LIMITED to the USA ONLY with a preferred location of Austin, TX