About Sentry
Bad software is everywhere, and were tired of it. Sentry is on a mission to help developers write better software faster, so we can get back to enjoying technology.
With more than 217 million in funding and 90,000 organizations that believe were on to something, were building performance and error monitoring tools that help companies like Disney, Microsoft, and Atlassian spend less time fixing bugs and more time building products. If you like to selfishly build things that make your digital life better, come help us build the next generation of software monitoring tools.About the role
DevRel Interns at Sentry write real code, create real content, and bring technical education to developers everywhere.
In this role you will

Be paired with an existing Sentry Advocate as a guide
Design, develop, and ship an open source technical demo to use throughout the content you will create
Design, develop, and ship a content series to help other early-in-career developers learn how to use Sentry in projects of all sizes
Integrate content into broader marketing campaigns to increase your reach

Youll love this job if you

Love to tinker, create, explain, teach, learn, and are looking for a way to combine them all
Are interested in how technical content is created and integrated into campaigns, while maintaining authenticity and actionability throughout the content
Want to learn how to support developers in over 100 languages and frameworks, without being an expert in all of those technologies
Explore how open source works at a tech company that also offers a SaaS product

Qualifications

Currently enrolled in an undergraduate or post-graduate degree program in Computer Science (or similar)
At least 1 previous internship or equivalent practical experience
Experience with Python, JavaScript, Java or a similar dynamic programming language through internships, personal projects (GitHub), or coding competitions
You know the fundamentals of algorithms and data structures
You have published written or video content (e.g. blog, tutorial). Can be on personal accounts or part of a previous role. Ideally technical content, but should be at least educational in some way
Willing to relocate to San Francisco or Toronto for the duration of your internship (well get you here and provide a housing stipend)
This position begins May 2024
Please note visa sponsorship is not available for this position

The base salary range (or hourly wage range, if applicable) that Sentry reasonably expects to pay for this position is 45.00 per hour. A successful candidates actual base salary (or hourly wage) amount will be determined by a variety of relevant factors including, without limitation, the candidates work location, education, work and other relevant experience, skills, and job-related knowledge. A successful candidate will be eligible to participate in Sentrys employee benefit plansprograms applicable to the candidates position (including incentive compensation, equity grants, paid time off, and group health insurance coverage). See Sentry Benefits for more details about the Companys benefit plansprograms.
Equal Opportunity at Sentry
Sentry is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to its employees and candidates for employment regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, or other legally-protected characteristic. This commitment includes the provision of reasonable accommodations to employees and candidates for employment with physical or mental disabilities who require such accommodations in order to (a) perform the essential functions of their jobs, or (b) seek employment with Sentry. We strive to build a diverse team, with an inclusive culture where every teammate can thrive. Sentry is an open-source company because we believe that everyone, everywhere, should have the ability and tools to make great software. Software should be accessible. That starts with making our industry accessible.
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at recopssentry.io.
Want to learn more about how Sentry handles applicant data? Get the details in our Applicant Privacy Policy.