About Sentry
Bad software is everywhere, and were tired of it. Sentry is on a mission to help developers write better software faster, so we can get back to enjoying technology.
With more than 217 million in funding and 90,000 organizations that believe were on to something, were building performance and error monitoring tools that help companies like Disney, Microsoft, and Atlassian spend less time fixing bugs and more time building products. If you like to selfishly build things that make your digital life better, come help us build the next generation of software monitoring tools.About the role
Business Operations works across all teams at Sentry to drive and enable the growth of our company. We lead mission critical — cross-functional efforts, deliver objective analysis and insights, incubate new ideas, and execute on strategic initiatives. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with effective day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives.
As an analyst on the Business Intelligence team within Business Operations, were looking for someone who can operate in vagueness while working to empower data driven decisions. You may partner cross-functionally on ad hoc analytics requests, build dashboards for product launches, or . Whatever it is, well work together on what will move the needle most for Sentry. If you like solving hard problems, using analytics to make decisions, and are an amazing teammate, we want to hear from you!
In this role you will

Build ops strategy for integrating systems across data teams, BI tools, product analytics tooling, and Salesforce with an open-minded approach to deciding which tools are absolutely necessary for Sentry
Partner with the Sentry data engineering team on projects that will shape how we develop our BI layer and scale our BI reporting
Solve complex and broad business problems with analytically derived solutions
Simplify and automate reporting; build solutions to have maximum scale and self-service ability by stakeholders
Partner with stakeholders (Sales, Finance, Marketing,  Engineering) on ad hoc product and business analytics requests

Youll love this job if you

You feel passionate about making sense out of numbers and sharing them with a broader audience
You are a self sufficient do-er: someone who enjoys ownership and can proactively and effectively work cross-functionally to make progress
You are comfortable with the pace and dynamic environment of our actively growing business
You have flexibility in both thinking and working: when the current path is blocked, you find a way through or around it

Qualifications

2 years of working experience as a Business Analyst, Data Analyst, Business Intelligence, or similar role
2 years experience with modern analytics tools such as Looker, Tableau, etc.
Experience in SQL and relational databases including queries, database definition, and schema design
Proficiency in utilizing ETL tools and frameworks, with a preference for Apache Airflow
Expertise in the principles of data visualization to simplify the communication of complex data and drive insights
Bonus points for experience promoting data stewardship, contributing to data quality, consistency, and accuracy
The ideal candidate has the ability to communicate clearly and professionally, with the competence to educate and collaborate with non-technical to superbly-technical audience
The ideal candidate is self-directed, accountable, and able to create structure while working in undefined areas

The base salary range (or hourly wage range, if applicable) that Sentry reasonably expects to pay for this position is 80,000 to 130,000. A successful candidates actual base salary (or hourly wage) amount will be determined by a variety of relevant factors including, without limitation, the candidates work location, education, work and other relevant experience, skills, and job-related knowledge. A successful candidate will be eligible to participate in Sentrys employee benefit plansprograms applicable to the candidates position (including incentive compensation, equity grants, paid time off, and group health insurance coverage). See Sentry Benefits for more details about the Companys benefit plansprograms.
Equal Opportunity at Sentry
Sentry is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to its employees and candidates for employment regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, or other legally-protected characteristic. This commitment includes the provision of reasonable accommodations to employees and candidates for employment with physical or mental disabilities who require such accommodations in order to (a) perform the essential functions of their jobs, or (b) seek employment with Sentry. We strive to build a diverse team, with an inclusive culture where every teammate can thrive. Sentry is an open-source company because we believe that everyone, everywhere, should have the ability and tools to make great software. Software should be accessible. That starts with making our industry accessible.
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at recopssentry.io.
Want to learn more about how Sentry handles applicant data? Get the details in our Applicant Privacy Policy.