About Sentry
Bad software is everywhere, and were tired of it. Sentry is on a mission to help developers write better software faster, so we can get back to enjoying technology.
With more than 217 million in funding and 90,000 organizations that believe were on to something, were building performance and error monitoring tools that help companies like Disney, Microsoft, and Atlassian spend less time fixing bugs and more time building products. If you like to selfishly build things that make your digital life better, come help us build the next generation of software monitoring tools.About the role
Sentry is used by enterprise-level customers to empower their large engineering organizations to better triage and debug production software issues. Those customers have needs that go beyond smaller customers: accounts with 1000 users and projects, sensitive data privacysecurity needs, international data storage regulations and strong requirements around auditing and access control.
As a Senior Full-Stack Engineer on the Enterprise team, you will ensure that Sentry will work well for our enterprise-level customers. We built a suite of features to help admins onboard their company, manage their teams workflow, and see the value that their engineering organization is getting from Sentry. You will work on product-focused projects that will be useful for these customers (e.g. project health analysis, detecting bad canary releases) alongside PMs and designers.
In this role you will

Scope, plan, and own the backend implementation for features or tools that will make Sentry better for all of our largest customers in our open-source codebase
Design and build intuitive and robust APIs used by frontend engineers andor customers
Own the engineering quality for the teams critical services, especially the APIs that are used for provisioning at scale
Have opportunities to work on high-impact projects that touch the entire stack: from multi-region deployments; across the entire event ingestion pipeline; delving into search and storage systems; and surfacing that data to our customers with our backend and frontend codebases (did we mention that they are open-source?)
Collaborate with stakeholders across the company including engineering, product, sales, and marketing to launch new features
Review code and mentor less-experienced engineers to help them grow
Build tests for your code to maintain a high standard of quality for Sentry
Set up monitoring and alerting to ensure application health and uptime
Write documentation to support new features with our technical writing staff

Youll love this job if you

Are a product-minded software engineer. You regard Product and Design as your peers, and you seek collaboration to create innovative workflows
Operate with a high level of ownership over the outcomes of your work, and you expect the same from your team
Want to delve deeper than the business-logic layer to learn about the search and storage systems powering the APIs that you are using
Are excited to roll up your sleeves to dive into another teams codebase to unblock yourself, making good, maintainable changes and earning the recognition of your counterparts
Want to be the change you seek in the world of dev tooling. You recognize that you are the target user for Sentry, and you want to have an influence on the things that make it into the product

Qualifications

6 years of professional engineering experience, building web applications at scale
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, or related field, andor relevant experience
Experience working on data modeling and relational schema design
Experience designing APIs that are robust, reliable, and predictable
Experience owning a technical project for its entire lifecycle: from design and implementation, to testing and deployment
Experience with PythonDjango or TypescriptReact is a plus. Languagesframeworks can be learnt
Be passionate about improving the debugging tools that developers use
Bonus: You know the acronyms SAML, SCIM, LDAP without googling it

The base salary range (or hourly wage range, if applicable) that Sentry reasonably expects to pay for this position is 80,000 to 220,000. A successful candidates actual base salary (or hourly wage) amount will be determined by a variety of relevant factors including, without limitation, the candidates work location, education, work and other relevant experience, skills, and job-related knowledge. A successful candidate will be eligible to participate in Sentrys employee benefit plansprograms applicable to the candidates position (including incentive compensation, equity grants, paid time off, and group health insurance coverage). See Sentry Benefits for more details about the Companys benefit plansprograms.
 Equal Opportunity at Sentry
Sentry is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to its employees and candidates for employment regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, or other legally-protected characteristic. This commitment includes the provision of reasonable accommodations to employees and candidates for employment with physical or mental disabilities who require such accommodations in order to (a) perform the essential functions of their jobs, or (b) seek employment with Sentry. We strive to build a diverse team, with an inclusive culture where every teammate can thrive. Sentry is an open-source company because we believe that everyone, everywhere, should have the ability and tools to make great software. Software should be accessible. That starts with making our industry accessible.
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at recopssentry.io.
Want to learn more about how Sentry handles applicant data? Get the details in our Applicant Privacy Policy.