About Sentry
Bad software is everywhere, and were tired of it. Sentry is on a mission to help developers write better software faster, so we can get back to enjoying technology.
With more than 217 million in funding and 90,000 organizations that believe were on to something, were building performance and error monitoring tools that help companies like Disney, Microsoft, and Atlassian spend less time fixing bugs and more time building products. If you like to selfishly build things that make your digital life better, come help us build the next generation of software monitoring tools.About the role
Software Engineering Interns at Sentry write real code on real projects that ship to production; no fetching coffee required.
In this role you will

Be matched with one of our Product or Infrastructure Engineering teams, based on your interests and experience
Design, develop, and ship a programming solution that drives real values to customers (and if time permits, write about it on our blog)
Act on feedback, coaching, and mentorship from your manager and teammates

Youll love this job if you

You want to experience being a full-time engineer on a team and not be just an intern
You value mentorship and being able to work closely with and learn from world-class engineers
You want to join a modern software development team that iterates and ships code rapidly
Youre excited at the opportunity to contribute to an open-source project every day

Qualifications

Currently enrolled in an undergraduate or post-graduate degree program in Computer Science (or similar)
At least 1 previous internship or equivalent practical experience
Experience with Python, Javascript, Java or a similar dynamic programming language through internships, personal projects (GitHub), or coding competitions
You know the fundamentals of algorithms and data structures
This position begins May 2024
Willing to relocate to San Francisco for the duration of your internship (well get you here and provide a housing stipend)
Please note visa sponsorship is not available for this position

The base salary range (or hourly wage range, if applicable) that Sentry reasonably expects to pay for this position is 53.13 per hour. A successful candidates actual base salary (or hourly wage) amount will be determined by a variety of relevant factors including, without limitation, the candidates work location, education, work and other relevant experience, skills, and job-related knowledge. A successful candidate will be eligible to participate in Sentrys employee benefit plansprograms applicable to the candidates position (including incentive compensation, equity grants, paid time off, and group health insurance coverage). See Sentry Benefits for more details about the Companys benefit plansprograms.Equal Opportunity at Sentry
Sentry is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to its employees and candidates for employment regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, or other legally-protected characteristic. This commitment includes the provision of reasonable accommodations to employees and candidates for employment with physical or mental disabilities who require such accommodations in order to (a) perform the essential functions of their jobs, or (b) seek employment with Sentry. We strive to build a diverse team, with an inclusive culture where every teammate can thrive. Sentry is an open-source company because we believe that everyone, everywhere, should have the ability and tools to make great software. Software should be accessible. That starts with making our industry accessible.
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at recopssentry.io.
Want to learn more about how Sentry handles applicant data? Get the details in our Applicant Privacy Policy.