About Sentry
Bad software is everywhere, and were tired of it. Sentry is on a mission to help developers write better software faster, so we can get back to enjoying technology.
With more than 217 million in funding and 90,000 organizations that believe were on to something, were building performance and error monitoring tools that help companies like Disney, Microsoft, and Atlassian spend less time fixing bugs and more time building products. If you like to selfishly build things that make your digital life better, come help us build the next generation of software monitoring tools.About the role
The Search and Storage teams are responsible for the infrastructure that powers all of Sentrys time-series data and searching capabilities across billions of events with sub-second latency. We started this initiative by building Snuba, the primary storage and query platform for Sentrys event data powered by ClickHouse, and were now looking to provide even more visibility and reporting on the terabytes of data that our users send us.
As an engineer on the Search team, youll work on the Snuba API and the Snuba Admin tool, where other developers test and manage their features. Youll have a direct impact throughout the company as you partner with other engineering teams to build delightful user experiences atop Snubas search capabilities.
In this role you will

Build new features into Snuba, our search platform
Build internal tools that other teams use to test, debug and manage their features
Collaborate with other engineering teams to build new Sentry features using Snuba
Monitor and improve Snubas performance to ensure we deliver excellent service to our end users
Contribute to our business hours on call rotation and respond to critical issues

Youll love this job if you

Are excited to make building software easier for other developers
Enjoy working with distributed systems, especially distributed databases
Enjoy working with others to improve scalability and performance
Want to dive into database internals like query optimization

Qualifications

3 years software engineering experience
Experience programming in Python
Experience building APIs or platforms
Strong distributed systems knowledge
Experience with frontend technologies

The base salary range (or hourly wage range, if applicable) that Sentry reasonably expects to pay for this position is 141,000 to 171,000. A successful candidates actual base salary (or hourly wage) amount will be determined by a variety of relevant factors including, without limitation, the candidates work location, education, work and other relevant experience, skills, and job-related knowledge. A successful candidate will be eligible to participate in Sentrys employee benefit plansprograms applicable to the candidates position (including incentive compensation, equity grants, paid time off, and group health insurance coverage). See Sentry Benefits for more details about the Companys benefit plansprograms.
 Equal Opportunity at Sentry
Sentry is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to its employees and candidates for employment regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, or other legally-protected characteristic. This commitment includes the provision of reasonable accommodations to employees and candidates for employment with physical or mental disabilities who require such accommodations in order to (a) perform the essential functions of their jobs, or (b) seek employment with Sentry. We strive to build a diverse team, with an inclusive culture where every teammate can thrive. Sentry is an open-source company because we believe that everyone, everywhere, should have the ability and tools to make great software. Software should be accessible. That starts with making our industry accessible.
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at recopssentry.io.
Want to learn more about how Sentry handles applicant data? Get the details in our Applicant Privacy Policy.