About Sentry
Bad software is everywhere, and were tired of it. Sentry is on a mission to help developers write better software faster, so we can get back to enjoying technology.
With more than 217 million in funding and 90,000 organizations that believe were on to something, were building performance and error monitoring tools that help companies like Disney, Microsoft, and Atlassian spend less time fixing bugs and more time building products. If you like to selfishly build things that make your digital life better, come help us build the next generation of software monitoring tools.In this role you will
Design and build software for the data pipelines that will serve as the backbone for Sentrys data processing, analytics, and validation infrastructure.  Utilize the latest Big Data technology stack to develop software to process data, while working with massive datasets to develop highly scalable data ingestion and processing pipelines.  Work with the engineering, business, product, and marketing teams to quantify successes, discover opportunities, and develop insights.  Build the data warehouse using the programming languages Python, Scala, and Java and develop software systems using frameworks such as Apache Beam, Spark, Flink, Apache Kafka, and GCP PubSub.  Design and develop Sentrys data warehouse that serves the data needs of the overall organization.  Build Data Models and ETL pipelines.  Validate the reliability of Sentrys existing data and ETL pipelines.  Advise the multiple departments within Sentry that rely on data to make their day-to-day decisions and building software to assist with that decision-making.  Launch and support new data models that provide intuitive analytics for Sentry customers.  Combine data from disparate sources into a unified and reliable database.  Confer with software engineers in various departments to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements, and interfaces.    
Qualifications
Masters degree or equivalent, in Computer Science, Data Science, or related field plus one (1) year of data analysis, data engineering, or related experience: developing custom software applications; providing scalable services related to high performance visualization tools and infrastructure; fine tuning software component designs and implementation based on performance and resiliency test results; designing, creating, and maintaining highly scalable, low-latency, highly available, and high throughput data platforms; scaling data science algorithms utilizing machine learning platforms; translating business requirements and product vision into software application architecture; developing end-to-end software solutions and ensuring platform sustainability; utilizing big data technologies such as Apache Kafka, Spark, Presto, Sqoop, SQL, NoSQL, Teradata, Druid, Cassandra; and utilizing Tableau, Looker, ThoughtSpot, Druid, Medusa, Splunk, Apache JMeter, LoadRunner, Right Data, Query Surge, ICEDQ, Java, and Python.  Telecommuting permissible.  Covid vaccination required - reasonable accommodations for medical or religious reasons considered.
Salary: 177,000year
Send resume to: Erika Frias, People Operations Generalist, Sentry, 45 Fremont Street, 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA, 94105 or e-mail immigrationsentry.io.
Sentry values diversity and inclusivity in our company and is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
LI-DNIEqual Opportunity at Sentry
Sentry is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to its employees and candidates for employment regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, or other legally-protected characteristic. This commitment includes the provision of reasonable accommodations to employees and candidates for employment with physical or mental disabilities who require such accommodations in order to (a) perform the essential functions of their jobs, or (b) seek employment with Sentry. We strive to build a diverse team, with an inclusive culture where every teammate can thrive. Sentry is an open-source company because we believe that everyone, everywhere, should have the ability and tools to make great software. Software should be accessible. That starts with making our industry accessible.
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at recopssentry.io.
Want to learn more about how Sentry handles applicant data? Get the details in our Applicant Privacy Policy.