 
 Now hiring in New York City!
About the Role
We are growing the engineering team and looking for engineers who have the experience to build and deliver world-class technology. You will be part of an accomplished team of engineers with a shared mission to make data easily accessible.
What You Will Be Doing

You will be responsible for developing elegant and responsive user interfaces using the latest front-end technologies. Youll own substantial pieces of the product, from design to implementation.
Working with our product, UX design, and backend development teams, you will develop new features and technologies that make our UI awesome and radically simplify the user experience for non-technical users.
You will leverage your technical expertise in front-end application development in the creation of novel visualizations for structured and unstructured data and develop new techniques for improving the performance and interactivity of the application.
Design and implement new technologies and features to support our fast-growing user base

Qualifications We Need

Strong computer science fundamentals
5 years industry experience building and maintaining high-quality software
Full-stack application development experience
Well versed in technologies like React, Javascript, Typescript and techniques for creating great UI architecture and engineering
Experience leading complex projects and delivering world-class software to production
You have an eye for great design and are passionate about building products that provide a great user experience
You can also make the right trade-offs between functionality and delivery speed that supports delivering value to customers and iterating based on feedback and roadmap priorities
Desire to be a great teammate and have fun at work
Sense of craftsmanship, and a healthy academic curiosity

Qualifications We Want (also, skills youll learn!)

Experience building systems for data analytics
Experience building and delivering a cloud service
Startup experience

Additional Job details
The base salary range for this position is 150k - 220k annually.
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidates qualifications, skills, competencies and experience. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work at Sigma Computing. This role is eligible for stock options, as well as a comprehensive benefits package.Note: The world around us is changing, but we at Sigma Computing are growing and scaling. We raised our Series C in Dec 2021. With that, and us being able to 3X our revenue year on year, hiring and building out the best version of our product is priority. That is why we want to talk to you.
About us:
At Sigma Computing, our mission is to empower everyone to make the best possible decisions at every turn by removing the barriers that prevent people from analyzing data across sources and delivering the full spectrum of self-service cloud analytics and business intelligence.
We raised a 300M Series C from Co-Leads D1 Capital Partners and XN, Existing Investors Sutter Hill Ventures and Altimeter Capital, and Snowflake Ventures.
Come join us to help us be smarter and grow together!
Benefits For Our Full-Time Employees:

Equity
Generous health benefits
Flexible time off policy. Take the time off you need!
Flexible schedule, do the work you need to get done in the time you have to get it done
At least 12 weeks of paid bonding time for all new parents
Traditional and Roth 401k
Commuter and FSA benefits

Sigma Computing is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a smart and strong team regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We look forward to learning how your experience can enable all of us to grow.
Note: We have an in-office work environment in both of our SF  newly opened NYC office.
 