 
 About the Role
We are building out our Data Platform team at Sigma, with a relentless focus on developing data models that fuel trusted insights across the company. As an Analytics Engineer on the Data Platform team, you will be responsible for building, documenting, and educating our internal customers on how to best use our data products in Sigma. You will also be challenged to advocate for the vision and direction of our product through the lens of how a data team wants to work with a best-in-class BI tool. If youre passionate about analytics engineering and the future of analytics, lets chat!
What You Will Be Doing

Architect and manage our production data models in Snowflake and how they are consumed in Sigma. (Technologies we use: Fivetran, dbt, Snowflake, Sigma, Hightouch)
Give power to the people. People are our strongest asset and we need you to work with team members from across the company to get them the data they need to support the business.
Give power to our customers. Our customers need to analyze their Sigma usage data, too. The models you architect and build will be the ones we integrate into our product externally, too.
Work cross functionally to accomplish all of the above! Youll work across Product, Engineering, Sales, Marketing, Partnerships, and with users of all skills and levels.

Qualifications We Need

Passionate about our values and how we work together
Strong knowledge of data modeling and warehouse optimizations (bonus points for any public facing repos or bodies of work you can point us to!)
Detail oriented. Our data models are production systems and we need someone meticulous to maintain them as such
A strong communicator. Youll be working with many stakeholders across the company, so we need someone whos comfortable communicating with the whole company as their audience
Must have a builder mindset. Innate desire to document, templatize, automate and define a process around everything you do that is repeatable and set up for scale
Ability to thrive in ambiguous environments and get stuff done. We move fast and iterate quickly, and we want you to feel empowered to do exactly that
Experience building reports and managing stakeholder relationships
4 years of relevant experience working in a data role

Qualifications We Want (also, skills youll learn!)

A drive to continuously learn (and share those learnings) about the evolving data ecosystem
Advanced knowledge of dbt and SQL (bonus points for Snowflake development specifically)
Startup experience
Experience training and enabling internal teams on best practices within BI tools

Additional Job details
The base salary range for this position is 140k - 175k annually.
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidates qualifications, skills, competencies and experience. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work at Sigma Computing. This role is eligible for stock options, as well as a comprehensive benefits package.Note: The world around us is changing, but we at Sigma Computing are growing and scaling. We raised our Series C in Dec 2021. With that, and us being able to 3X our revenue year on year, hiring and building out the best version of our product is priority. That is why we want to talk to you.
About us:
At Sigma Computing, our mission is to empower everyone to make the best possible decisions at every turn by removing the barriers that prevent people from analyzing data across sources and delivering the full spectrum of self-service cloud analytics and business intelligence.
We raised a 300M Series C from Co-Leads D1 Capital Partners and XN, Existing Investors Sutter Hill Ventures and Altimeter Capital, and Snowflake Ventures.
Come join us to help us be smarter and grow together!
Benefits For Our Full-Time Employees:

Equity
Generous health benefits
Flexible time off policy. Take the time off you need!
Flexible schedule, do the work you need to get done in the time you have to get it done
At least 12 weeks of paid bonding time for all new parents
Traditional and Roth 401k
Commuter and FSA benefits

Sigma Computing is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a smart and strong team regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We look forward to learning how your experience can enable all of us to grow.
Note: We have an in-office work environment in both of our SF  newly opened NYC office.
 