 
 Sigmas vision is to create an insight-driven world where people, organizations, and, ultimately, humanity are transformed for the better by data. At Sigma, we are building a cloud-native business intelligence platform that allows users to tap into their biggest databases hosted in the cloud and easily conduct analysis and graph data; all without any programming involved. We are growing the product design team and looking for a Visual Designer who is singularly obsessed with functional beauty and visual appeal.
You will be part of a talented team of designers and engineers on a shared mission to make data analytics highly usable and easily accessible to non-technical users.
Working with the Product Design, Engineering and BrandingMarketing Leads:

Deliver production-ready visual designs for Sigmas user interfaces
Collaborating with product designers and engineering teams on ongoing projects
Supporting the Design Systems team by making all design components pixel-perfect and production-ready
Collaborate closely with the Brand Design team  to integrate brand guidelines and adapt them to the optimal format for the product, ensuring a seamless alignment between the brand identity and the products visual language.

Required Qualifications

Strong visual design fundamentals skills in typography, color theory, layout, and hierarchy, forming the basis for creating captivating and impactful UI designs.
A high degree of proficiency in design tools such as Figma, Adobe Creative Suite (including programs like Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign) 
Capable of rapid iteration, receiving feedback, and experimentation. You lean towards multiple rapid iterations of your designs to get early feedback.
5 years of visual design experience on web-based applications.
A desire to grow and constantly level-up your skill set. 
Ability to prioritize your work amid competing needs.
Knowledge of HTMLCSS, with experience collaborating effectively with front-end developers.

Desired Qualifications

Proficiency in translating user flows and wireframes into visually engaging experiences.
Proven track record in designing visuals for business or enterprise SaaS applications.
Experience with data analytics or data visualization is highly advantageous.
Familiarity with illustration, animation, or motion design.
Previous experience in a startup environment

Portfolio Requirements

Showcase designs from your portfolio that have seen commercial implementation.
Highlight your most outstanding work, focusing on key aspects such as visual design, UI design, color schemes, iconography, typography, illustration, and animation.
Demonstrate the iterative development of your designs, showcasing their evolution from initial concepts through significant revisions to the final polished design.
Communicate or be prepared to speak to your contribution to every step of the creative process. 

Additional Job details
The base salary range for this position is 160k - 210k annually.
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidates qualifications, skills, competencies and experience. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work at Sigma Computing. This role is eligible for stock options, as well as a comprehensive benefits package.Note: The world around us is changing, but we at Sigma Computing are growing and scaling. We raised our Series C in Dec 2021. With that, and us being able to 3X our revenue year on year, hiring and building out the best version of our product is priority. That is why we want to talk to you.
About us:
At Sigma Computing, our mission is to empower everyone to make the best possible decisions at every turn by removing the barriers that prevent people from analyzing data across sources and delivering the full spectrum of self-service cloud analytics and business intelligence.
We raised a 300M Series C from Co-Leads D1 Capital Partners and XN, Existing Investors Sutter Hill Ventures and Altimeter Capital, and Snowflake Ventures.
Come join us to help us be smarter and grow together!
Benefits For Our Full-Time Employees:

Equity
Generous health benefits
Flexible time off policy. Take the time off you need!
Flexible schedule, do the work you need to get done in the time you have to get it done
At least 12 weeks of paid bonding time for all new parents
Traditional and Roth 401k
Commuter and FSA benefits

Sigma Computing is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a smart and strong team regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We look forward to learning how your experience can enable all of us to grow.
Note: We have an in-office work environment in both of our SF  newly opened NYC office.
 