 
 This role will report to our VP of Strategic Partnerships, with a high level of cross-functional collaboration within Sigma. The Consultant  SI channel is largely untapped for Sigma, and having seen interest start to pique from a large number of top-tier Consultants  SIs, the time is right for Sigma to resource against what has the potential to be our highest growth channel. This is a fantastic opportunity for the right person to come in and build a meaningful  strong ecosystem for Sigma. Sigma is a partner-centric technology  organization, and the output of this role is vital to our growth.
What you will be doing: 

Channel Strategy Development: The Director of SIs is responsible for creating, developing and managing Sigmas SI channel strategy and program. This includes deciding which types of channel partners to engage with, the target market segments we serve, the program details that we will offer each type of SI Partner, amongst other criteria.
Partner Recruitment: Iterate on a process to identify, source, sign, and onboard a relevant portfolio of SI Partners that have a shared vision of our mission to deliver self-serve analytics, ensuring that this portfolio creates a healthy stream of opportunities both from  to our Partners. Ensure that new SI partners receive the necessary training, resources, and support to effectively market and sell lSigma. 
Partner Solutions: Develop verticalized solutions with our System Integrators ( ISVs) that allow for less friction in our Sales cycles and the drive tailored, specific business outcomes within different verticals and use cases. 
Team Management: hire, develop, and manage a team of Partner Alliance Managers to execute on many of the points outlined here. 
Sales Enablement: Working closely with the Sigma Enablement team to ensure that our Partners Sales teams are equipped with the tools and resources needed to sell effectively to their prospects and customers. This will involve creating sales collateral and providing sales  product training, as well as other support.
Field  Sales Leadership Alignment: Working directly with VP-level Sigma sales leadership to develop sales programs, gather feedback, and ensure partners are woven into the entire Sigma Sales cycle, and the leaders are driving this through their teams and sales cycles to work effectively with SI partners. 
Co-Marketing: Create a co-marketing framework that can be easily adopted by our Partners to illustrate the unique benefits that Sigma  our Partners brings to prospects and customers. 
Relationship Management: Building and maintaining strong relationships with SI partners. This involves regular communication, collaboration on joint marketing campaigns, and addressing any issues or concerns that partners may have.
Performance Monitoring: Tracking the performance of SI partners and evaluating their effectiveness in selling  delivering Sigma. This involves setting KPIs and measuring partner performance against these metrics.
Market Analysis: Conducting market research and competitor analysis to identify new opportunities for SI Partners, and refine the channel strategy based on market dynamics.
Revenue Growth: Ultimately, the Director of SIs is responsible for driving revenue growth through the SI Partner ecosystem. This involves setting revenue and growth targets and working with partners to achieve them. 
In-Market Presence: Represent Sigma at relevant tradeshows  events to maximize our mindshare and thought leadership in the SI  Consultant ecosystem

Qualifications we are looking for: 

10 years of Sales, Alliances, andor business development experience in the CloudTechnology Ecosystem, with leadership experience a bonus
Sales DNA and a deep passion for being curious - always diving deeper to uncover how we can better partner and differentiate Sigma to generate new opportunities
Team Player that supports and works with internal and external teams  stakeholders
Ability to design and present business plans, track and articulate program progress, design and document program guidelines for distribution throughout the organization (all levels) and for external use
A genuine interest in the Modern data stack  Cloud ecosystem
Be prepared to be flexible and dynamic in a fast-paced start-up
Be ready to travel up to 50 in some months
Verbal - including presentation abilities - and written communications skills
Data  outcome driven
Note: The world around us is changing, but we at Sigma Computing are growing and scaling. We raised our Series C in Dec 2021. With that, and us being able to 3X our revenue year on year, hiring and building out the best version of our product is priority. That is why we want to talk to you.
About us:
At Sigma Computing, our mission is to empower everyone to make the best possible decisions at every turn by removing the barriers that prevent people from analyzing data across sources and delivering the full spectrum of self-service cloud analytics and business intelligence.
We raised a 300M Series C from Co-Leads D1 Capital Partners and XN, Existing Investors Sutter Hill Ventures and Altimeter Capital, and Snowflake Ventures.
Come join us to help us be smarter and grow together!
Benefits For Our Full-Time Employees:

Equity
Generous health benefits
Flexible time off policy. Take the time off you need!
Flexible schedule, do the work you need to get done in the time you have to get it done
At least 12 weeks of paid bonding time for all new parents
Traditional and Roth 401k
Commuter and FSA benefits

Sigma Computing is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a smart and strong team regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We look forward to learning how your experience can enable all of us to grow.
Note: We have an in-office work environment in both of our SF  newly opened NYC office.
 