 
 Sigmas vision is to create an insight-driven world where people and organizations are transformed for the better by access to data and the insights it contains. At Sigma, we are building a cloud-native business intelligence platform that allows users to tap into their biggest databases hosted in the cloud and easily conduct analysis and graph data -- all without any programming involved. We are growing the product design team and looking for a designer who has the curiosity to get to know our users and the chops to design world-class experiences. You will be part of a talented team of designers on a shared mission to make data analytics highly usable and easily accessible to non-technical users.
What You Will Be Doing

You will doing UIUX design for our Sigma product
Youll be working with a talented, down to earth set of data obsessed people who iterate, learn, grow, and ship value to customers together
Your simple and elegant designs will delight business users as they explore data and generate insights
Youll own substantial pieces of the product from design concept to their release
Working with our PM, research, customer success and support teams, you will actively seek end-user product feedback and collaboratively advance solutions to improve product adoption and utilization

Qualifications We Need

Demonstrably strong interaction design fundamentals with a flair for visual appeal
7 years experience of interaction design
Proven track record of designing commercially successful, world-class software
Capable of working autonomously, leading complex design projects and delivering high quality design solutions
Capable of rapid iteration, feedback cycles, and experimentation. Seeks understanding of customer needs and the ability to assess and incorporate their feedback
Demonstrable ability to think about entire systems, with the vision to design the big picture, and the tactical ability to break it down so that engineering can succeed in building it incrementally
Exceptional facilitation, communication and presentation skills; demonstrating the ability to clearly explain design decisions to anyone in the company
Bachelor or Masters with specialization in HCI or Interaction Design
Expert level Sketch or Figma skills
Startup experience
Strong portfolio showcasing product design work with an emphasis on interaction design

Portfolio Requirements

We want to see designs that have been successfully released that demonstrate system-wide thinking, breadth and depth in interactive design skills 
We want to see your process and progressive evolution of your designs, including the business problem you were trying to solve, constraints and assumptions you needed to work within, where the design started and your significant iterations leading to the final product. 
We want to understand how your designs furthered company objectives while meeting user needs 

Additional Job details
The base salary range for this position is 170k - 210k annually.
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidates qualifications, skills, competencies and experience. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work at Sigma Computing. This role is eligible for stock options, as well as a comprehensive benefits package.Note: The world around us is changing, but we at Sigma Computing are growing and scaling. We raised our Series C in Dec 2021. With that, and us being able to 3X our revenue year on year, hiring and building out the best version of our product is priority. That is why we want to talk to you.
About us:
At Sigma Computing, our mission is to empower everyone to make the best possible decisions at every turn by removing the barriers that prevent people from analyzing data across sources and delivering the full spectrum of self-service cloud analytics and business intelligence.
We raised a 300M Series C from Co-Leads D1 Capital Partners and XN, Existing Investors Sutter Hill Ventures and Altimeter Capital, and Snowflake Ventures.
Come join us to help us be smarter and grow together!
Benefits For Our Full-Time Employees:

Equity
Generous health benefits
Flexible time off policy. Take the time off you need!
Flexible schedule, do the work you need to get done in the time you have to get it done
At least 12 weeks of paid bonding time for all new parents
Traditional and Roth 401k
Commuter and FSA benefits

Sigma Computing is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a smart and strong team regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We look forward to learning how your experience can enable all of us to grow.
Note: We have an in-office work environment in both of our SF  newly opened NYC office.
 