 
 Technical Program Manager - Infrastructure
Sigma is SaaS, next-generation business intelligence and data exploration platform that is changing the analytics landscape. Sigma offers a spreadsheet-like interface that enables all decision makers to securely analyze billions of rows of live data with the unlimited scale and speed of the cloud. With Sigma, everyone can quickly answer their own questions to make and visualize accurate, data-driven decisions.
We are looking for a Technical Program Manager who will be responsible for the operational aspects of the engineering organization with emphasis on Infrastructure  Data Services-oriented programs and initiatives that span multiple teams and organizations. This role requires a solid technical background balanced with good project management skills. The TPM must have a strong bias for action and be able to influence teams to level up our execution to meet our commitments. They will have a passion for delivering great products and achieving high customer loyalty. This role will report to the Director of Engineering.
What you will be doing:

Own Infrastructure  Data Services initiatives across the engineering team and the company.
Work on large-scale distributed systems, storage solutions, applications, and cloud region launches.
Identify cross-team dependencies and drive dependency management inside and outside the organization.
Have an operational mindset to identify gaps in processes and shepherd change managementcommunication across teams to keep everyone aligned.
Educate and instill best practices in the team.
Use technical knowledge and product mindset to prioritize and guide high impact projects and initiatives

Qualifications we are looking for:

5 years of experience in TPM or engineering experience.
You will need to lead through influence rather than authority.
Track record in project planning and execution.
Experience in site reliability initiatives, Incident Management, at least one public cloud and preferably one of the data warehousing platforms (Snowflake, Redshift, Databricks, etc).
A strong desire to learn new technologies and develop skills pertinent to the job. 
Ability to analyze data and make an informed recommendation  decision.

Additional Job details
The base salary range for this position is 165K - 220 annually.
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidates qualifications, skills, competencies and experience. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work at Sigma Computing. This role is eligible for stock options, as well as a comprehensive benefits package.
If you do not feel that you satisfy all the listed requirements, we encourage you to still apply. We are enthusiastically looking for people that will help us grow our company and sometimes we are imperfect communicators and cant articulate perfectly what experience is required for a role. We are looking for people that are excited to grow and constantly ask how we can do things better. If you are excited about the opportunity, we encourage you to apply even if you dont satisfy 100 of the job requirements.Note: The world around us is changing, but we at Sigma Computing are growing and scaling. We raised our Series C in Dec 2021. With that, and us being able to 3X our revenue year on year, hiring and building out the best version of our product is priority. That is why we want to talk to you.
About us:
At Sigma Computing, our mission is to empower everyone to make the best possible decisions at every turn by removing the barriers that prevent people from analyzing data across sources and delivering the full spectrum of self-service cloud analytics and business intelligence.
We raised a 300M Series C from Co-Leads D1 Capital Partners and XN, Existing Investors Sutter Hill Ventures and Altimeter Capital, and Snowflake Ventures.
Come join us to help us be smarter and grow together!
Benefits For Our Full-Time Employees:

Equity
Generous health benefits
Flexible time off policy. Take the time off you need!
Flexible schedule, do the work you need to get done in the time you have to get it done
At least 12 weeks of paid bonding time for all new parents
Traditional and Roth 401k
Commuter and FSA benefits

Sigma Computing is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a smart and strong team regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We look forward to learning how your experience can enable all of us to grow.
Note: We have an in-office work environment in both of our SF  newly opened NYC office.
 