 
 Technical Writing Manager
We are looking for a Technical Writing Manager with a unique blend of technical expertise, strong leadership skills, technical writing skills, and an appetite for understanding complex subjects. The ideal candidate will lead and mentor a team of technical writers while actively participating in technical writing as an individual contributor.
What You Will Be Doing
As the team manager, you will

Lead and mentor a diverse team of technical writers, providing feedback and direction for technical product documentation. 


Establish the long-term vision for Sigma documentation, ensuring content relevance, accuracy, and accessibility.
Innovate and refine documentation processes, and develop best practices in information architecture, style, and taxonomy.
Utilize reporting and analytics to assess documentation performance and use data-driven insights to improve underperforming content.

As an individual contributor, you will

Work closely with the development team (including engineers, designers, and product managers) throughout the development process to understand features and functionality at the level of a subject matter expert.
Collaborate with the development team to translate complex technical details into clear, digestible documentation, tutorials, and release notes.
Supplement existing documentation based on feedback from customer-facing teams and actively address knowledge gaps, prioritizing user empowerment across all user levels.
Develop visually captivating, dynamic documentation that includes diagrams, screenshots, and other visual aids.
Establish strong relationships with peers across the organization while developing a reputation for excellence, high credibility, and integrity.

Qualifications We Need

Proven abilities in leading, managing, and mentoring a diverse team of technical writers, focusing on creating a strategic vision for documentation, content strategies, and information architecture.
5 years of software technical writing experience requiring self-sufficiency and autonomy in day-to-day responsibilities.
Strong ability to leverage data to inform decisions and enhance documentation quality.
Outstanding time management skills, with ability to handle multiple management tasks and writing assignments simultaneously.
Exceptional written and spoken communication skills, emphasizing clarity and approachability for various user personas.
Established technical documentation expertise in data analysis, technical concept diagramming, and API or developer documentation.
Hands-on approach to understanding complex technology and products, with strong interdepartmental communication and relationship-building skills.
Thrives in a fast-paced environment and can quickly adapt to new technologies and frequent shifts in priorities.
Experience using CMS platforms and proficiency in HTMLCSS.

Additional Job details
The base salary range for this position is 175k - 200k annually.
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidates qualifications, skills, competencies and experience. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work at Sigma Computing. This role is eligible for stock options, as well as a comprehensive benefits package.Note: The world around us is changing, but we at Sigma Computing are growing and scaling. We raised our Series C in Dec 2021. With that, and us being able to 3X our revenue year on year, hiring and building out the best version of our product is priority. That is why we want to talk to you.
About us:
At Sigma Computing, our mission is to empower everyone to make the best possible decisions at every turn by removing the barriers that prevent people from analyzing data across sources and delivering the full spectrum of self-service cloud analytics and business intelligence.
We raised a 300M Series C from Co-Leads D1 Capital Partners and XN, Existing Investors Sutter Hill Ventures and Altimeter Capital, and Snowflake Ventures.
Come join us to help us be smarter and grow together!
Benefits For Our Full-Time Employees:

Equity
Generous health benefits
Flexible time off policy. Take the time off you need!
Flexible schedule, do the work you need to get done in the time you have to get it done
At least 12 weeks of paid bonding time for all new parents
Traditional and Roth 401k
Commuter and FSA benefits

Sigma Computing is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a smart and strong team regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We look forward to learning how your experience can enable all of us to grow.
Note: We have an in-office work environment in both of our SF  newly opened NYC office.
 