 
 The Role:
This is not your average sales role. At Sigma, we believe that people are our most valuable resource, and so we relentlessly invest in our team. Business Development Representatives (BDRs) are set up to thrive, receiving elite sales, product, and industry training. With hands-on coaching from seasoned sales leaders, youll learn how to develop a sales strategy, drive meaningful prospect connections, engage in consultative selling, and become a trusted advisor. Altogether, this experience is designed to prepare you for a future in sales leadership.  
Working with Sigma gives you the opportunity to get in on the ground floor of a remarkable startup. The Business Development Representatives of today are the Account Executives and sales leaders of tomorrow. BDRs serve on the front lines of new business, making this one of Sigmas most critical roles.
This is an in-office role, which means the expectation is that you would come to the office 5 days a week.
Who You Are:

A go-getter who is hungry for personal growth and advancement
A team player who doesnt want to work a mundane 9-to-5
A total nerd who understands the power of data in driving unstoppable teams
A deeply principled person guided by honesty, integrity, and humility

What You Care About:

Learning from leaders who are dedicated to your success
Working in a role you genuinely love with people you enjoy being around
Making an impact in the fast-paced world of data
Growing your leadership skills for a long and rewarding career

Youll Contribute By:

Partnering with Account Executives to identify high-priority target accounts 
Prospecting, educating, and qualifying those accounts to create sales-ready opportunities
Cold calling contacts and running outbound prospecting sequences in Outreach
Overcoming objections through consultative selling
Becoming a trusted advisor by growing relationships with prospects
Effectively using Salesforce, Outreach, ZoomInfo, and LinkedIn to execute daily workflows
Consistently meeting or exceeding your quota of 10 qualified demos per month

Your Qualifications:

A 4-year degree or equivalent experience (required) 
Meticulous attention to detail 
Effective time management skills 
Positive and energetic communication skills (strong phone presence, listening, and writing) 
Proficiency with corporate productivity tools (email, voicemail, Google Workspace) 
Sales training and Salesforce experience is a plus

Additional Job details
The base salary for this position is 60k annually.
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidates qualifications, skills, competencies and experience. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work at Sigma Computing. This role is eligible for a variable pay (based on goal achievement), stock options, as well as a comprehensive benefits package.Note: The world around us is changing, but we at Sigma Computing are growing and scaling. We raised our Series C in Dec 2021. With that, and us being able to 3X our revenue year on year, hiring and building out the best version of our product is priority. That is why we want to talk to you.
About us:
At Sigma Computing, our mission is to empower everyone to make the best possible decisions at every turn by removing the barriers that prevent people from analyzing data across sources and delivering the full spectrum of self-service cloud analytics and business intelligence.
We raised a 300M Series C from Co-Leads D1 Capital Partners and XN, Existing Investors Sutter Hill Ventures and Altimeter Capital, and Snowflake Ventures.
Come join us to help us be smarter and grow together!
Benefits For Our Full-Time Employees:

Equity
Generous health benefits
Flexible time off policy. Take the time off you need!
Flexible schedule, do the work you need to get done in the time you have to get it done
At least 12 weeks of paid bonding time for all new parents
Traditional and Roth 401k
Commuter and FSA benefits

Sigma Computing is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a smart and strong team regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We look forward to learning how your experience can enable all of us to grow.
Note: We have an in-office work environment in both of our SF  newly opened NYC office.
 