 
 About the Role
Set the vision and drive a roadmap for users who know a spreadsheet, but dont know SQL or how to build an analytics dashboard. The ideal candidate will be obsessed with delivering memorable user experiences for data oriented workflows.
What You Will Be Doing

Set the 12-18 month vision for their features and collaborate with Product leadership in setting the overall product direction and vision
Develop a rich, reliable and actionable understanding of the target user types and incorporate that understanding to deliver product experiences.
Work with team, to iteratively define, build, test, and launch features

Skills  traits needed to be successful in this role

Maintain a strong sense of urgency at all times.
Have a strong opinion on usability of features. 
Be effective at debating with engineers and designers to deliver well crafted product experiences.
Strong, hands-on analytical skills and experience with both spreadsheets and with BI-like tools, with the ability to empathize with both categories of users.
Very strong oral and written communication skills.
Effective at working with a cross-functional team from Sales, Sales Engineering, Customer Success to take features to market.

Qualifications We Need 

Demonstrated experience in building data product experiences that were very well received by the customer base.
Expertise in the analytics, business intelligence, or data applications spaces.
Product development background at a startup as a PM, SWE, UX-D, or another function.

Highly Desirable Skills 

Deep experience developing and optimizing user facing interfaces.  
Rich experience with building complex product experiences.
Experience working with high-caliber, high-performance teams. 

Additional Job details
The base salary range for this position is 180k - 240k annually.
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidates qualifications, skills, competencies and experience. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work at Sigma Computing. This role is eligible for stock options, as well as a comprehensive benefits package.Note: The world around us is changing, but we at Sigma Computing are growing and scaling. We raised our Series C in Dec 2021. With that, and us being able to 3X our revenue year on year, hiring and building out the best version of our product is priority. That is why we want to talk to you.
About us:
At Sigma Computing, our mission is to empower everyone to make the best possible decisions at every turn by removing the barriers that prevent people from analyzing data across sources and delivering the full spectrum of self-service cloud analytics and business intelligence.
We raised a 300M Series C from Co-Leads D1 Capital Partners and XN, Existing Investors Sutter Hill Ventures and Altimeter Capital, and Snowflake Ventures.
Come join us to help us be smarter and grow together!
Benefits For Our Full-Time Employees:

Equity
Generous health benefits
Flexible time off policy. Take the time off you need!
Flexible schedule, do the work you need to get done in the time you have to get it done
At least 12 weeks of paid bonding time for all new parents
Traditional and Roth 401k
Commuter and FSA benefits

Sigma Computing is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a smart and strong team regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We look forward to learning how your experience can enable all of us to grow.
Note: We have an in-office work environment in both of our SF  newly opened NYC office.
 