 
 Sigma is fully managed SaaS, next-generation business intelligence and data exploration platform that is changing the analytics landscape. It offers a spreadsheet-like interface that enables all decision makers to securely analyze billions of rows of live data with the unlimited scale and speed of the cloud. With Sigma, everyone can quickly answer their own questions to make and visualize accurate, data-driven decisions.
As team Engineering grows, we are looking for leaders who care about building great product and out a strong team as well provide career development, coaching, mentoring, performance evaluations, developing promotion cases, and other managerial responsibilities
About the role: 
We are looking for a self motivated, technical manager to lead a team of high energy engineers. Your greatest responsibility would be to mentor the engineering team members and unlock their vast potential by challenging them to step outside of their comfort zone, whether reimagining traditional business intelligence or developing innovative analytics capabilities. You will need to be really comfortable working in a fast-paced environment where you will deliver rapidly and incrementally against our roadmap.
What you will be doing:

Collaborate with cross-functional groups - backend, frontend, design, product, customer support, sales and marketing to understand requirements for innovative features that deliver high customer value.
Own execution and delivery of roadmaps, as well as communicating status to the wider org.
Partner with the staffing team to recruit and build a diverse team of engineers with the right skillset.
Instill a strong sense of ownership and accountability within the team wherein members hold each other to a high bar.
Enable the team to realize their potential and help them set and work towards their career development goals.
Participate in discussions pertaining to the architecture and implementation techniques to represent, translate and optimize user directives into optimized queries.

You:

Have strong computer science fundamentals. 
Have 5 years of technical experience and 2 years of people management experience.
Are opinionated and have great product sense.
Hire, build, and develop high performing engineers
Are curious, love to learn and to dig into new technologies and can pick them up quickly
Demonstrate strong technical architecture and engineering skills along with the ability to switch between technology paradigms.
Love working with world-class engineers, product managers, and architects.
Strive to excel, innovate and take pride in your work

Additional Job details
The base salary range for this position is 220k - 280k annually.
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidates qualifications, skills, competencies and experience. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work at Sigma Computing. This role is eligible for stock options, as well as a comprehensive benefits package.Note: The world around us is changing, but we at Sigma Computing are growing and scaling. We raised our Series C in Dec 2021. With that, and us being able to 3X our revenue year on year, hiring and building out the best version of our product is priority. That is why we want to talk to you.
About us:
At Sigma Computing, our mission is to empower everyone to make the best possible decisions at every turn by removing the barriers that prevent people from analyzing data across sources and delivering the full spectrum of self-service cloud analytics and business intelligence.
We raised a 300M Series C from Co-Leads D1 Capital Partners and XN, Existing Investors Sutter Hill Ventures and Altimeter Capital, and Snowflake Ventures.
Come join us to help us be smarter and grow together!
Benefits For Our Full-Time Employees:

Equity
Generous health benefits
Flexible time off policy. Take the time off you need!
Flexible schedule, do the work you need to get done in the time you have to get it done
At least 12 weeks of paid bonding time for all new parents
Traditional and Roth 401k
Commuter and FSA benefits

Sigma Computing is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a smart and strong team regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We look forward to learning how your experience can enable all of us to grow.
Note: We have an in-office work environment in both of our SF  newly opened NYC office.
 