 
 About This Role
This is not your average Account Executive role. At Sigma, we believe that people are our most valuable resource, and so we relentlessly invest in our team. Account Executives are set up to thrive while generating meaningful pipeline, winning new customers, and directly contributing to the success of our organization.  
Working with Sigma gives you the opportunity to get in on the ground floor of a high-growth startup. Our Account Executives are crucial for growing our customer base and our company, making this one of Sigmas most critical roles. 
This role is based in San Francisco and will not be remote.
Who You Are:

A go-getter who is hungry for personal growth and career advancement
Someone who understands the power and value of data in driving innovation and business initiatives
Someone who is principled, honest, humble, and hard-working

What You Care About:

Learning from leaders who are dedicated to your success
Working in a role you genuinely love with people you enjoy being around
Making an impact in the fast-paced world of data
Growing your leadership skills for a long and rewarding career

Youll Contribute By: 

Maintaining, creating, and updating accurate customer, pipeline, and forecast information in Salesforce
Using knowledge of the data and analytics space to interact with a diverse set of businesses in consultative sales
Owning your sales process — from first call to demo to proposal to proof of concept to contract
Working alongside a team of motivated reps on a high-functioning, energetic team
Bringing on new customers and developing advocates for Sigma in the business intelligence market
Engaging with partners in the data ecosystem to build pipeline or support specific customer needs and initiatives
Generating new revenue for a rapidly growing company

Your Qualifications: 

Ideally 2 years of experience closing deals
Experience in the data space (Warehouses, Pipelines, Analytics, etc.) is preferred
Background in high-tech software sales is preferred
A track record of success in pipeline generation and quota attainment
Partnership and co-selling experience is preferred
Team player, hustler, all-around sales superstar
Must be based in the San Francisco Bay Area (or be willing to relocate)

Additional Job details
The base salary range for this position is 100k annually.
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidates qualifications, skills, competencies and experience. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work at Sigma Computing. This role is eligible for a variable pay (based on goal achievement), stock options, as well as a comprehensive benefits package.Note: The world around us is changing, but we at Sigma Computing are growing and scaling. We raised our Series C in Dec 2021. With that, and us being able to 3X our revenue year on year, hiring and building out the best version of our product is priority. That is why we want to talk to you.
About us:
At Sigma Computing, our mission is to empower everyone to make the best possible decisions at every turn by removing the barriers that prevent people from analyzing data across sources and delivering the full spectrum of self-service cloud analytics and business intelligence.
We raised a 300M Series C from Co-Leads D1 Capital Partners and XN, Existing Investors Sutter Hill Ventures and Altimeter Capital, and Snowflake Ventures.
Come join us to help us be smarter and grow together!
Benefits For Our Full-Time Employees:

Equity
Generous health benefits
Flexible time off policy. Take the time off you need!
Flexible schedule, do the work you need to get done in the time you have to get it done
At least 12 weeks of paid bonding time for all new parents
Traditional and Roth 401k
Commuter and FSA benefits

Sigma Computing is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a smart and strong team regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We look forward to learning how your experience can enable all of us to grow.
Note: We have an in-office work environment in both of our SF  newly opened NYC office.
 