 
 The Sales Productivity Enablement Program Manager will be at the helm of driving sales effectiveness for our enterprise and commercial teams. Sigma Computing is looking for a visionary to elevate our sales performance to unmatched levels. Over the next 1-2 years, this role is anticipated to roll out scalable productivity programs to improve ramp metrics, foster deep relationships with sales leadership, and leverage analytics for data-driven improvements. This role will report directly to the Senior Director of GTM Enablement and can be based out of our San Francisco or New York offices.
What you will be doing:

Building ramp reporting dashboards with operation partners to analyze sales KPIs, reporting to executive leadership and informing the enablement onboarding roadmap for ongoing improvement.
Designing and executing tailored sales productivity programs for enterprise and commercial teams.
Project managing  collaborating with enablement peers to optimize the content 
Accelerating ramp-up times for new sellers, ensuring swift adaptation and productivity through different delivery methods
Collaborating cross functionally with Subject Matter Experts across the business
Propose  lead strategic sessions with core GTM stakeholders that foster innovative solutions to address productivity challenges.

Stakeholders they will be working with:

Sales Leadership and individual contributors
Cross functional GTM leaders  subject matter experts

Tools they will be working with:

Sigma Computing (BI  Analytics Platform) 
Sales Tech Stack  Enablement Tooling (Salesforce.com, Seismic, Lessonly, Workramp, Outreach, Gong) 

Travel requirements:

Occasional travel between the San Francisco and New York offices, as well as potential visits to sales conferences or workshops.

Who you are:

Experience: Youve been in sales or sales enablement roles, preferably in complex sales cycles for a technical solution with business  technical personas. Youre extremely comfortable with metrics, building reporting and gathering your own insights. 
Years of Experience: Minimum of 5 years in sales enablement or related roles.
Tools: Familiarity with CRM systems, sales analytics providers, and sales enablement technologies.
Education: Bachelors degree in Business, Marketing, or related fields preferred.

By joining Sigma Computing, youll be stepping into a transformative role that will shape the sales trajectory of our organization. If youre ready to spearhead change and drive unparalleled sales performance, were eager to meet you.
Additional Job details
The base salary range for this position is 170k - 190k annually.
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidates qualifications, skills, competencies and experience. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work at Sigma Computing. This role is eligible for a variable pay (based on goal achievement), stock options, as well as a comprehensive benefits package.Note: The world around us is changing, but we at Sigma Computing are growing and scaling. We raised our Series C in Dec 2021. With that, and us being able to 3X our revenue year on year, hiring and building out the best version of our product is priority. That is why we want to talk to you.
About us:
At Sigma Computing, our mission is to empower everyone to make the best possible decisions at every turn by removing the barriers that prevent people from analyzing data across sources and delivering the full spectrum of self-service cloud analytics and business intelligence.
We raised a 300M Series C from Co-Leads D1 Capital Partners and XN, Existing Investors Sutter Hill Ventures and Altimeter Capital, and Snowflake Ventures.
Come join us to help us be smarter and grow together!
Benefits For Our Full-Time Employees:

Equity
Generous health benefits
Flexible time off policy. Take the time off you need!
Flexible schedule, do the work you need to get done in the time you have to get it done
At least 12 weeks of paid bonding time for all new parents
Traditional and Roth 401k
Commuter and FSA benefits

Sigma Computing is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a smart and strong team regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We look forward to learning how your experience can enable all of us to grow.
Note: We have an in-office work environment in both of our SF  newly opened NYC office.
 