 
 Director of Engineering 
About the role:
The Director of Product Engineering is responsible for leading the Core Product Engineering Teams for the company. You will lead multiple teams building our core data exploration and analysis functionality. You will be reporting to the VP of engineering.
What you will be doing:

Lead and grow multiple engineering teams committed to building intuitive products that anticipate and solve customer problems.
Work effectively with other functions to build and improve our development and processes.
Be product oriented as well as a strong people manager, striving for excellence on both fronts.
Train, coach, and hire to grow your team as needed to support company goals.
Communicate plans and status well across the company.

You:

Understand the value of data in decision making.
Are a manager with 7 years of engineering management experience of product teams and 3 years of organizational management (e.g. 2nd level management experience)
Are opinionated and have great product sense.
Hire, build, and develop high performing engineering teams
Are curious, love to learn and to dig into new technologies and can pick them up quickly
Demonstrate strong technical architecture and engineering skills along with the ability to switch between technology paradigms.
Love working with world-class engineers, product managers, and architects.
Strive to excel, innovate and take pride in your work

Additional Job details
The base salary range for this position is 240k - 300k annually.
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidates qualifications, skills, competencies and experience. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work at Sigma Computing. This role is eligible for stock options, as well as a comprehensive benefits package.Note: The world around us is changing, but we at Sigma Computing are growing and scaling. We raised our Series C in Dec 2021. With that, and us being able to 3X our revenue year on year, hiring and building out the best version of our product is priority. That is why we want to talk to you.
About us:
At Sigma Computing, our mission is to empower everyone to make the best possible decisions at every turn by removing the barriers that prevent people from analyzing data across sources and delivering the full spectrum of self-service cloud analytics and business intelligence.
We raised a 300M Series C from Co-Leads D1 Capital Partners and XN, Existing Investors Sutter Hill Ventures and Altimeter Capital, and Snowflake Ventures.
Come join us to help us be smarter and grow together!
Benefits For Our Full-Time Employees:

Equity
Generous health benefits
Flexible time off policy. Take the time off you need!
Flexible schedule, do the work you need to get done in the time you have to get it done
At least 12 weeks of paid bonding time for all new parents
Traditional and Roth 401k
Commuter and FSA benefits

Sigma Computing is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a smart and strong team regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We look forward to learning how your experience can enable all of us to grow.
Note: We have an in-office work environment in both of our SF  newly opened NYC office.
 