 
 Sigma unlocks the value of data by delivering cloud-scale analytics and business intelligence with the simplicity of a spreadsheet, complete with pivot tables and dashboards. We empower business professionals and data teams to quickly explore, analyze, visualize, and collaborate, leveraging all of their data across the organization. 
Our internship program at Sigma:
Sigmas early career program is the launchpad for the next generation of engineers and innovators. As an Intern at Sigma, youll work on various production features and learn efficient engineering for large scalable systems. Our interns work directly with our engineers, product leaders, and designers across the organization everyday. Were looking for students who bring curiosity, a spirit for collaboration, and a desire for shaping the future of business insights and data exploration.
Internship Program Qualifications:

Current student: 

Applicants must be currently enrolled in a university undergraduate or graduate degree program in the U.S with a graduation date of December 2024 or later
Able to intern from June 2024 through early September 2024

Authorization: 

You must be legally authorized to work in the US during the Summer 2024 program
Visa sponsorship is not available for our internship positions, but we welcome applicants on a student visa (with authorization to work in the U.S.) to apply

Location: 

Our internships are in-person and located within San Francisco, CA or New York, NY.. Relocation assistance will be provided for students who will need to relocate for the Summer in the form of a relocation bonus. 
Applicants must be able to work in-person in our offices either in San Francisco or New York City. 


About the role:
Sigmas Engineering organization is a dynamic, high performing team of Software Engineers who complement each others skills. Our Engineers design, implement, and scale technical solutions that power our core product and enable our users to make data driven decisions in their businesses. As a Software Engineering Intern, you will experiment, prototype, and implement features that help our global user base analyze and gather insights from their data. During your internship, youll partner directly with your engineering mentor, as well as collaborate with other teams across the business. From Product Designers, Product Managers, Sales, and, of course, actual users, you will collaborate across the company to determine the best solution for your technical challenge. Interns will take their project from ideation through implementation, iterating and gathering feedback along the way. As an intern, you will deploy features and gather insights from customer metrics to aid you in making better development decisions and improve your business acumen. 
During your internship you will:

Learn how to build production software and understand how large Single Page Applications are built and extended with the user experience top of mind
Experience how backend scales to handle multiple customers and billions of data points while keeping user information secure
Gain an understanding of how to own a development project from beginning to end
Develop automated unit tests to get the relevant code coverage and work with product owners and techpubs to document your work
Partner with other Engineers, Product Managers, and Designers
Design and deliver innovative solutions to improve the Sigma user experience by implementing new features into our product
Find new ways to optimize the performance of one or more components of the product

What were looking for:

Applicants must be pursuing at least a Bachelors or a Masters degree in Computer Science or a related field
Have an intermediate to advanced grasp of Operating Systems, Data structures, algorithms and at least one modern programming language such as Java, Python, JavaScript, etc.
Excited to learn and build complex user interfaces, data visualizations, or backend systems
Solid project management and communication abilities. You love to find the right resources and can own tasks end to end with minimal supervision.
Have a drive and desire to navigate unknowns, after all, thats what unlocks realizations
Ability to collaborate and work in a team environment
Able to commit 40 hrs a week for 12 weeks in-person in one of our office locations
Ready to start work full-time by either January 2025 or June 2025 (preferred) 

Additional Job details
Interns at Sigma are compensated with an hourly rate and relocation bonus (where applicable). Our hourly rate for this role is 50.00 per hour.Note: The world around us is changing, but we at Sigma Computing are growing and scaling. We raised our Series C in Dec 2021. With that, and us being able to 3X our revenue year on year, hiring and building out the best version of our product is priority. That is why we want to talk to you.
About us:
At Sigma Computing, our mission is to empower everyone to make the best possible decisions at every turn by removing the barriers that prevent people from analyzing data across sources and delivering the full spectrum of self-service cloud analytics and business intelligence.
We raised a 300M Series C from Co-Leads D1 Capital Partners and XN, Existing Investors Sutter Hill Ventures and Altimeter Capital, and Snowflake Ventures.
Come join us to help us be smarter and grow together!
Benefits For Our Full-Time Employees:

Equity
Generous health benefits
Flexible time off policy. Take the time off you need!
Flexible schedule, do the work you need to get done in the time you have to get it done
At least 12 weeks of paid bonding time for all new parents
Traditional and Roth 401k
Commuter and FSA benefits

Sigma Computing is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a smart and strong team regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We look forward to learning how your experience can enable all of us to grow.
Note: We have an in-office work environment in both of our SF  newly opened NYC office.
 