Position Overview
This is an opportunity to join a generational company that is disrupting the landscape for modern applications to be built on truly differentiated patented technology, SingleStore.
In this role you will report to the GM SalesRegional Vice President and work with an extended team of SDRs, SEs, Leaders and Partners, who like you, are all focused pipeline generation activities, helping you to find and close new business, whilst expanding existing business with all customers in the region by delighting them!
This is an incredible opportunity to join an established, fast-growing pre-IPO scale up in the enterprise software industry, where you will have the opportunity to over-achieve, earning uncapped commission and accelerators - and be part we all hope of an eventual IPO 
Account Executives at SingleStore are passionate about personal development, focused on winning and excited about evangelizing the industrys most disruptive technologies. Youre excited to exercise your modern data infrastructure expertise, familiar with developer led sales processes and also able to communicate solution value to enterprises of all sizes. You possess an in-depth understanding of the market landscape and can thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative environment at a hyper growth scale up!
Role and Responsibilities

Collaborate with SDRs, Marketing and Partners (such as IBM) on a Pipeline Generation plan that you build, own and run
Lead multiple customer sales cycles and effectively close new business (hunter mentality with the ability to sign new logos)
Manage and grow all sized accounts, from land  expand methodology
Effectively partner with Sales Engineering, Inside Sales, and Field Marketing
Quickly learn our software products and be able to clearly communicate the value proposition  key differentiators that make SingleStore unique
Develop strong relationships with key decision makers, influencers, and partners within your territory
Use SFDC CRM system effectively to collaborate and forecast to the business accurately
Exceed quarterly and annual business targets
Travel within your assigned territory

Required Skills and Experience

3  years of solution selling of a disruptive technology in the data infrastructure space
Bachelors  Masters Degree or equivalent 
Proven ability to Pipeline Generate - to the level of being able to teach others
Proven ability to close new named logos
Proven track record of successfully upselling enterprise software solutions
Have a Growth Mindset and be open to learning everyday!
Skill of using a sales methodology such as MEDDICC successfully
Have an athletes competitive outlook and desire for success
Must have understanding of modern data infrastructure, such as the open source community and the various enterprise software (business intelligence, analytics, ETL, cloud infrastructure, etc.) products
Strong ability to connect with customers to understand their individual business needs
Passion for working in a fast paced and collaborative environment
Fluency in German language required 
Professional Proficiency in English language required

Benefits

Company Wide

Technology Stipend for New Employees 
Monthly Cell Phone and Internet Stipend
Health and Wellness benefit 
In office catered lunches and monthly Grubhub credit
Company and team events 
Flexible time off 
Volunteer time off
Stock Options 

Country Specific (if applicable) 

HealthBenefits
Retirement 


As employees are located in many different countries around the world, some benefits may differ from country to country. In all cases, we do our best to provide equitable perks and benefits across our locations.
 Please Submit Resumes or CVs in English 

SingleStore delivers the cloud-native database with the speed and scale to power the worlds data-intensive applications. With a distributed SQL database that introduces simplicity to your data architecture by unifying transactions and analytics, SingleStore empowers digital leaders to deliver exceptional, real-time data experiences to their customers. SingleStore is venture-backed and headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Sunnyvale, Raleigh, Seattle, Boston, London, Lisbon, Bangalore, Dublin and Kyiv. 
Consistent with our commitment to diversity  inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people.
To all recruitment agencies: SingleStore does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to SingleStore employees. SingleStore is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.
li-remote