Position Overview
As SingleStore continues to experience exciting growth we are looking for accomplished professionals to join our Sales team. Were looking for hardworking, driven individuals who are passionate about evangelizing technologies and eager to identify and land new business. In this role you will be expected to cultivate an in-depth understanding of the market landscape, partner closely with Sales Engineers and BDRs, and thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative team environment. This is an incredible opportunity to join an established, fast-growing scale up with ARR approaching a 100M, and a TAM of over 120 bil (and growing) where your performance is rewarded with accelerators, uncapped commission, and a top-of-market equity package. 
As an Account Executive at SingleStore you will be responsible for closing new business and expanding existing business with customers throughout North America. You will use your creative prospecting skills to strategically pursue net new business and work hand in hand with the Sales Engineering team to champion the entire sales process from start to finish. Those who enjoy intellectual stimulation, navigating complex deals, and challenging the status quo are strongly encouraged to apply! 
Role and Responsibilities

Cold calling, prospecting, and qualifying new account opportunities (hunter mindset)
Developing a detailed territory plan to maximize account penetration
Developing and communicating the value of SingleStore solutions with prospects and clients
Identifying and creating business needs with executive decision makers within your territory
Cultivating, managing, closing, and growing accounts ranging from start-ups to Fortune 5000
Quickly learn our software products, competition, and market to be able to clearly communicate our unique value proposition
Undertake additional responsibilities and operate autonomously
Communicate effectively when conveying key information to customers and colleagues

Required Skills and Experience

Self starter with strong desire to succeed in a fast growing and entrepreneurial environment
2 years of sales experience in a closing role (Database experience a plus)
Intellectual curiosity and businesstechnical acumen 
Proven track record of successfully selling SaaS solutions and new customer acquisition
Experience navigating complex sales cycles with multiple stakeholders through negotiation and closing
Demonstrated ability to sell to both Engineering and Business stakeholders, emphasizing business value versus product capabilities
Ability to build strong customer relationships to understand their short and long term business needs
Firm understanding of the modern database, infrastructure, and enterprise software products a plus (e.g. open source, business intelligence, analytics, ETL, cloud infrastructure, etc.) 
B.S. degree or equivalent in a related field

Other:

Employment Status Full Time
Work Authorization: For US based employees, SingleStore is able to facilitate the transfer and sponsorship of visas. Authorization to work for a US based employer) 
LocationWorking classification: Fully Remote Role or Hybird in Office depending on location


SingleStoreDB empowers the worlds makers to build, deploy and scale modern, intelligent applications on the only database that allows you to transact, analyze and contextualize data in real time — elevating human lives. SingleStore is venture-backed and headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Sunnyvale, Raleigh, Seattle, London, Lisbon, Hyderabad, and Kyiv. 
Consistent with our commitment to diversity  inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people.
Please note that SingleStores COVID-19 vaccination policy requires that team members in the United States be up to date with the current CDC guidelines for their vaccinations with one of the United States FDA-approved vaccine options to meet in person for SingleStore business or to work from one of our U.S. office locations. [It is expected that this will be a requirement for this role]. If an exemption andor accommodation to our vaccination policy is requested, a member of the Human Resources department will be available to begin the interactive accommodation process.
To all recruitment agencies: SingleStore does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to SingleStore employees. SingleStore is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.
li-remote
SingleStore values individuals for their unique skills and experiences, and were proud to offer roles in a variety of locations across the United States. Salary is based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location, and is just one part of our total compensation and benefits package. Certain roles are also eligible for additional rewards, including merit increases, annual bonuses, or commissions. 
Our benefits package for this role includes: stock options, flexible paid time off, monthly three-day weekends, 14 weeks of fully-paid gender-neutral parental leave, fertility and adoption assistance, mental health counseling, 401(k) retirement plan, and rich health insurance offerings—including medical, dental, vision and life and disability insurance. 
SingleStores base salary range for this role, if based in California, Colorado, Washington, or New York City is: 70,000 - 105.000 USD per year
For candidates residing in California, please see our California Recruitment Privacy Notice. For candidates residing in the EEA, UK, and Switzerland, please see our EEA, UK, and Swiss Recruitment Privacy Notice.