Position Overview
We are looking for an experienced Technical Account Manager (TAM) whos excited to work in a fast-paced environment. As a key member of the TAM team, you will demonstrate your deep technical expertise and customer-facing skills to develop and execute the teams organizational strategy. This position will interface across multiple departments, including product, field sales, engineering, and marketing, playing a key role in customer adoption and customer success.
A key aspect of this role is that you are passionate about developing deep, technical relationships with strategic customers with large and complex SingleStore deployments. In addition to helping these customers utilize our technology, you will own your impact in helping to build applications that profoundly influence how companies do business. As a TAM, you will work closely with clients to operationalize their solutions frictionlessly from Proof of Concept to Steady State. You will exercise your communication and documentation skills to provide executive management with direct insight into the health and state of our product and customers.
Role and Responsibilities

Ongoing technical manager and SingleStore liaison for a few key enterprise customers.
Act as the customers trusted technical advisor, helping enterprises mature their SingleStore capabilities, skills, and knowledge.
Collaborate with SingleStores marketing team to document our customers solutions and enhance their referenceability.
Solve our customers Enterprise Architecture challenges, focusing heavily on Ingest, BackupRestore, and BI.
Make use of cross-functional resources within SingleStore (Professional Services, Product Management, Account Management, etc.) to address customers business and technical needs, such as system health checks, product sizing, migration assistance, etc.
Manage and drive closure on customers open support cases, product bugs, enhancement requests, and action items.
For new support cases, understand issues and next steps and follow up to ensure they are getting the attention required.

 
Required Skills and Experience

5 years experience with complex applications or distributed systems, possessing a broad knowledge of their deployments and operationalization.
Experience working closely with customers and partners to successfully deploy complex solutions
Hands-on experience with several of the following technologies: SingleStore, MySQL, MS SQL, Oracle SQL, NoSQL, Key Value Stores, REST, Hadoop, Data warehouse appliances, Linux, Python, PHP, and BIETL solutions.
Knowledge of Kubernetes - Scaling, Deployment, and Log Diagnostics
Technical familiarity with data storage and cloud technologies and protocols such as Kafka, S3, MonitoringObservability  (Data Dog, Grafana), security, encryption, Kubernetes, TCPIP networking, virtualization, data backuparchive, publicprivate hybrid cloud, DR, HA, CDC, Replication, BackupRestore
Experience with network troubleshooting and a basic understanding of network storage protocols
Linux OS and System Administration experience
Experience with Salesforce.com CRM  case management
The ability to work and learn independently is a key attribute that is required for this role.
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or other technical field - Masters Degree preferred.
Ability to travel within the region (25)

 

SingleStore delivers the cloud-native database with the speed and scale to power the worlds data-intensive applications. With a distributed SQL database that introduces simplicity to your data architecture by unifying transactions and analytics, SingleStore empowers digital leaders to deliver exceptional, real-time data experiences to their customers. SingleStore is venture-backed and headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Sunnyvale, Raleigh, Seattle, Boston, London, Lisbon, Bangalore, Dublin and Kyiv. 
Consistent with our commitment to diversity  inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people.
Please note that SingleStores COVID-19 vaccination policy requires that team members in the United States be up to date with the current CDC guidelines for their vaccinations with one of the United States FDA-approved vaccine options to meet in person for SingleStore business or to work from one of our U.S. office locations. [It is expected that this will be a requirement for this role]. If an exemption andor accommodation to our vaccination policy is requested, a member of the Human Resources department will be available to begin the interactive accommodation process.
To all recruitment agencies: SingleStore does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to SingleStore employees. SingleStore is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.
li-remote remote-li 
SingleStore values individuals for their unique skills and experiences, and were proud to offer roles in a variety of locations across the United States. Salary is based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location, and is just one part of our total compensation and benefits package. Certain roles are also eligible for additional rewards, including merit increases and annual bonuses. 
Our benefits package for this role includes: stock options, flexible paid time off, monthly three-day weekends, 14 weeks of fully-paid gender-neutral parental leave, fertility and adoption assistance, mental health counseling, 401(k) retirement plan, and rich health insurance offerings—including medical, dental, vision and life and disability insurance. 
SingleStores base salary range for this role, if based in California, Colorado, Washington, or New York City is: 125,000 - 193,000 USD per year