Position Overview
Our Professional Services Team is responsible for ensuring the success of our customers, acting as the subject matter expert for our product, and providing consulting expertise for the integration and operation of SingleStore. We are looking for an experienced Professional Services Architect who will be responsible for hands-on product implementations ensuring a world-class customer experience. The successful individual will be able to carry on deep discussions with customers front-line technical experts as well as have high-level, business talks with senior executives.
 
In this role, you will be responsible for identifying a customers technical requirements and helping them. You will do this by leveraging your technical skill set and business acumen to understand complex solutions and create high-quality technical assets that resonate with our customers.In addition to helping these customers utilize our technology, you will own your impact in helping to build applications that profoundly influence how companies do business. As an architect, you will work closely with customers to operationalize their solutions frictionlessly to a Steady State. 
 
As an organization, weve hit an inflection point making this an exciting time at SingleStore. Given the continued growth of our business, its critical that we implement scalable tools and best practices to effectively scale the organization. This position will play a key role in product implementations and will contribute to the processes that will help take the company to the next level.
Role and Responsibilities

Work closely with customers to gain an understanding of their business goals, technical requirements, and challenges.
Understand database architecture and various integration points with application development frameworks and analytical tools.
Assist in design and implementation of end-to-end solutions that aligns with customer needs and SingleStore product offerings. 
Ensure the quality and reliability of delivered solutions by conducting timely reviews and validations to meet customer expectations.
Ensure customer projects are delivered on time and within scope by proactively addressing challenges.
Collaborate and coordinate with internal teams to ensure successful project execution and a consistent and positive customer experience.
Evangelize best practices by educating customers and becoming their trusted advisor, providing an overall business solution.

 
Required Skills and Experience

10 years of experience working with customers in a post-sales technical role
Deep experience and understanding of complex applications, distributed systems, and custom technology deployments in a variety of customer environments
Hands-on experience with several of the following technologies: SingleStore, MySQL, MS SQL, Oracle SQL, NoSQL, Key Value Stores,Hadoop,Python, PHP, Middleware, Analytics, Data Warehouse, Business Intelligence, andor Big Data technology
Technical familiarity with data storage and cloud technologies and protocols such as Kafka, S3, MonitoringObservability  (Data Dog, Grafana), security, encryption, Kubernetes, TCPIP networking, virtualization, data backuparchive, publicprivate hybrid cloud, DR, HA, CDC, Replication, BackupRestore
Hands-on expertise and a firm understanding of SQL, Linux OS,and cloud storage
Knowledge of cloud technologies
Exceptional written and oral communication skills
Strong customer-focus mindset, with a passion for delivering customer satisfaction
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or other technical field
Ability to travel within the region (25) if the customer requires.

 

SingleStoreDB empowers the worlds makers to build, deploy and scale modern, intelligent applications on the only database that allows you to transact, analyze and contextualize data in real time — elevating human lives. SingleStore is venture-backed and headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Sunnyvale, Raleigh, Seattle, London, Lisbon, Hyderabad, and Kyiv. 
Consistent with our commitment to diversity  inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people.
Please note that SingleStores COVID-19 vaccination policy requires that team members in the United States be up to date with the current CDC guidelines for their vaccinations with one of the United States FDA-approved vaccine options to meet in person for SingleStore business or to work from one of our U.S. office locations. [It is expected that this will be a requirement for this role]. If an exemption andor accommodation to our vaccination policy is requested, a member of the Human Resources department will be available to begin the interactive accommodation process.
 
To all recruitment agencies: SingleStore does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to SingleStore employees. SingleStore is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.
li-remote
SingleStore values individuals for their unique skills and experiences, and were proud to offer roles in a variety of locations across the United States. Salary is based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location, and is just one part of our total compensation and benefits package. Certain roles are also eligible for additional rewards, including merit increases, annual bonuses, or commissions. 
Our benefits package for this role includes: stock options, flexible paid time off, monthly three-day weekends, 14 weeks of fully-paid gender-neutral parental leave, fertility and adoption assistance, mental health counseling, 401(k) retirement plan, and rich health insurance offerings—including medical, dental, vision and life and disability insurance. 
SingleStores base salary range for this role, if based in California, Colorado, Washington, or New York City is: 135,000 - 195.000 USD per year
For candidates residing in California, please see our California Recruitment Privacy Notice. For candidates residing in the EEA, UK, and Switzerland, please see our EEA, UK, and Swiss Recruitment Privacy Notice.