Software Engineer, Managed Service—Billing
At SingleStore, were not just building a database company, we are defining the future of data management. Going beyond multi-cloud, we offer our customers flexible networking, storage and compute options to meet their requirements. They click a few options, and our service flies into action, using the latest capabilities of the big cloud providers and the industry-standard Kubernetes ecosystem to get the job done. This managed service helps make SingleStore an excellent choice for many of our customers.
We are looking for exceptional talent to help us push the boundaries of whats possible with a managed database product. The next set of capabilities in the pipeline require overcoming difficult technical challenges in the areas of networking, control plane, and scaling services - inventing some of the future of what customers will come to expect from a managed database product.As a part of the managed service team, you will design and implement new capabilities for our cloud offering involving deep extensions to our networking, control plane, and overall managed service. Your role will include working closely with our product teams to collaborate on meeting the needs of our most demanding long-time and new customers. In this role, you will be at the intersection of leading technology trends -  A highly performant distributed database, managed by Kubernetes, running in the cloud.  You will probably find yourself using Go and Kubernetes, with a generous sprinkling of whatever the right tool is for the job. We look forward to hearing from you!
Role and Responsibilities
The primary responsibilities of this position will be to build, expand, and maintain our ability to meter new and existing cloud resources with the end goal of charging customers for this usage. No prior experience in accounting or billing is required but you must be open to learning and taking responsibility for a highly visible and mission-critical system.

Work closely with product managers, designers, customers, and other engineers to ensure we deliver a high-quality experience
Develop a world-class managed service responsible for providing an innovative operational database solution in the cloud
Proactively contribute to the teams engineering process to assist with our ability to scale and deliver projects on time

Required Skills and Experience

Experience with working on distributed systems, ideally in programming languages such as Golang, Python, or Rust
Experience working with Kubernetes andor containerized services
Intellectual curiosity about investigating issues that impact business metrics
Passion for building high-quality products that are robust and easy to maintain in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment

As employees are located in many countries around the world, some benefits may differ from country to country. In all cases, we do our best to provide equitable perks and benefits across our locations.

SingleStore delivers the cloud-native database with the speed and scale to power the worlds data-intensive applications. With a distributed SQL database that introduces simplicity to your data architecture by unifying transactions and analytics, SingleStore empowers digital leaders to deliver exceptional, real-time data experiences to their customers. SingleStore is venture-backed and headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Sunnyvale, Raleigh, Seattle, Boston, London, Lisbon, Bangalore, Dublin and Kyiv. 
Consistent with our commitment to diversity  inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people.
To all recruitment agencies: SingleStore does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to SingleStore employees. SingleStore is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.
li-remote remote-li 
SingleStore values individuals for their unique skills and experiences, and were proud to offer roles in a variety of locations across the United States. Salary is based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location, and is just one part of our total compensation and benefits package. Certain roles are also eligible for additional rewards, including merit increases and annual bonuses. 

 