Position Overview
SingleStore Software Engineers are at the forefront of real-time technology thats revolutionizing how companies run their businesses everyday. With release cycles throughout the year, our engineers are accustomed to moving quickly in a rapid production environment. To do this successfully, we work collaboratively and creatively across teams to maximize our opportunity for impact. We also believe its important to celebrate our wins together whether it be at a local spot or getting out of the city for some exploring.
As a Software Engineer you will be empowered to own your projects end-to-end and be an active contributor throughout the product life cycle. To expedite your growth path, you will partner with engineers who deeply care about your success and will lend their expertise to your professional development. Our engineers are not just technical partners, but are also business partners who are exposed to all areas of the business, working with teams such as product, marketing, and sales.
Role and Responsibilities
Our Software Engineers work on small, collaborative teams to help drive our company forward.  Whether youre exploring cutting-edge technologies like LLM and vector index, improving the fault tolerance a SingleStore cluster, accelerating the performance of SQL queries with techniques like SIMD and LLVM codeGen, or writing search and costing modules for the query optimizer, our University Graduates are responsible for brand new and existing projects that are deployed into production with each release. Your work will include everything from writing to testing software, and youll gain a significant understanding of both the product and the business.
Required Skills and Experience

B.S. Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related discipline
Deep understanding of C.S. fundamentals, in particular operating systems, concurrency, multithreading, and server architectures
Strong programming skills with C or C
Passionate about building highly reliable software
Firm grasp of algorithms and data structures

SingleStore delivers the cloud-native database with the speed and scale to power the worlds data-intensive applications. With a distributed SQL database that introduces simplicity to your data architecture by unifying transactions and analytics, SingleStore empowers digital leaders to deliver exceptional, real-time data experiences to their customers. SingleStore is venture-backed and headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Sunnyvale, Raleigh, Seattle, Boston, London, Lisbon, Bangalore, Dublin and Kyiv. 
Consistent with our commitment to diversity  inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people.
To all recruitment agencies: SingleStore does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to SingleStore employees. SingleStore is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.
SingleStore values individuals for their unique skills and experiences, and were proud to offer roles in a variety of locations across the United States. Salary is based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location, and is just one part of our total compensation and benefits package. Certain roles are also eligible for additional rewards, including merit increases and annual bonuses.