Position Overview
SingleStore is looking for an accomplished sales professional to join our Strategic Sales Team. In this role you will be responsible for closing new business and expanding existing business with large enterprise customers in the East region. This is an incredible opportunity to join an established, fast-growing startup in the enterprise software industry, where you will have the opportunity to over-achieve, earning uncapped commission and accelerators.
Strategic Account Executives at SingleStore are accomplished sales professionals who are passionate about evangelizing the industrys most disruptive technologies. Youre excited to exercise your modern data infrastructure expertise and communicate solution value to enterprise accounts. You also possess an in-depth understanding of the market landscape, have the ability to partner closely with sales engineers and inside sales reps, and can thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. 
Role and Responsibilities

Develop and execute territory account plans to achieve revenue targets
Lead multiple customer sales cycles and effectively close new business (hunter mentality with the ability to sign new logos)
Manage and grow large, strategic enterprise accounts
Effectively partner with Sales Engineering, Sales Development, and Field Marketing
Develop relationships with Channel partners with a focus on driving pipeline and co-selling
Quickly learn our software products and be able to clearly communicate the value proposition
Develop strong relationships with key decision makers, influencers, and partners within your territory
Travel within your assigned territory

Required Skills and Experience

Proven track record of successfully selling enterprise software solutions and increasing revenue through new customer acquisition
Solution selling of a disruptive technology in the data infrastructure space
Firm understanding of the modern data infrastructure such as the open source community and the various enterprise software (business intelligence, analytics, ETL, cloud infrastructure, etc.) products
Demonstrated ability to sell to CXO or line of business, successfully emphasizing business value versus product
Strong ability to connect with customers to understand their individual business needs
B.S. degree or equivalent in a related field
Experience with Banking Financial Services Insurance (BFSI) clients in the region is a big plus

Other:

Employment Status Full Time
Work Authorization: For US based employees, SingleStore is able to facilitate the transfer and sponsorship of visas. Authorization to work for a US based employer) 
LocationWorking classification: Fully Remote Role or Hybird in Office depending on location


SingleStoreDB empowers the worlds makers to build, deploy and scale modern, intelligent applications on the only database that allows you to transact, analyze and contextualize data in real time — elevating human lives. SingleStore is venture-backed and headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Sunnyvale, Raleigh, Seattle, London, Lisbon, Hyderabad, and Kyiv. 
Consistent with our commitment to diversity  inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people.
Please note that SingleStores COVID-19 vaccination policy requires that team members in the United States be up to date with the current CDC guidelines for their vaccinations with one of the United States FDA-approved vaccine options to meet in person for SingleStore business or to work from one of our U.S. office locations. [It is expected that this will be a requirement for this role]. If an exemption andor accommodation to our vaccination policy is requested, a member of the Human Resources department will be available to begin the interactive accommodation process.
To all recruitment agencies: SingleStore does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to SingleStore employees. SingleStore is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.
li-remote
SingleStore values individuals for their unique skills and experiences, and were proud to offer roles in a variety of locations across the United States. Salary is based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location, and is just one part of our total compensation and benefits package. Certain roles are also eligible for additional rewards, including merit increases, annual bonuses, or commissions. 
Our benefits package for this role includes: stock options, flexible paid time off, monthly three-day weekends, 14 weeks of fully-paid gender-neutral parental leave, fertility and adoption assistance, mental health counseling, 401(k) retirement plan, and rich health insurance offerings—including medical, dental, vision and life and disability insurance. 
SingleStores base salary range for this role, if based in California, Colorado, Washington, or New York City is: 120,000 - 160,000 USD per year
For candidates residing in California, please see our California Recruitment Privacy Notice. For candidates residing in the EEA, UK, and Switzerland, please see our EEA, UK, and Swiss Recruitment Privacy Notice.