Position Overview
At SingleStore, were not just building a database company, we are defining the future of data management. As a Platform Engineer on the Infrastructure Team, you will be contributing to our internal applications that power engineering productivity at SingleStore. Your expertise in building out distributed applications will drive technical decisions critical to both team and company success.
Role and Responsibilities

Build observable microservice oriented applications that empower our engineers to build, test, and monitor our applications into a multi cloud environment 
Design and implement novel technical solutions that raise engineering productivity throughout the company
Relentlessly improve upon CICD throughput, DebuggingTriage operations, and Workload Execution runtimes for a global engineering workforce
Work within a highly performing team to create the most productive development culture that the world has ever seen

Required Skills and Experience

3 years of experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Python, CC, JavaScript, or Go.
Strong levels of empathy to your fellow developer and a desire to build something great
Passion for Quality Engineering and software testing efficiency
Comprehension of GitOps and managing Infrastructure as Code (IaC)
Experience with containers and Kubernetes-based applications running in the public cloud or in on-premises data centers (youll have both available to you)
Deep interest and experience working on distributed systems, databases, networking, storage, and multi-tenant services, and UnixLinux environments.
B.S. degree in Computer Science or a similar field or equivalent working experience

Benefits

Company Wide

Technology Stipend for New Employees 
Monthly Cell Phone and Internet Stipend
Health and Wellness benefit 
Company and team events 
Flexible time off 
Volunteer time off
Stock Options 


As employees are located in many different countries around the world, some benefits may differ from country to country. In all cases, we do our best to provide equitable perks and benefits across our locations.
Other:

Full Time Employment 
Eligibility to work for an India based employer
Fully Remote Role or Hybrid based in India - Hyderabad or Bangalore.


SingleStore is one platform for all data, built so you can engage with insight in every moment. Trusted by industry leaders, SingleStore enables enterprises to adapt to change as it happens, embrace diverse data with ease, and accelerate the pace of innovation. SingleStore is venture-backed and headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Sunnyvale, Seattle, Boston, London, Lisbon, Bangalore, Dublin and Kyiv. Defining the future starts with The Single Database for All Data-Intensive Applications.
Consistent with our commitment to diversity  inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people.
 
To all recruitment agencies: SingleStore does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to SingleStore employees. SingleStore is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.