Position Overview
The SingleStore database engine team is responsible for building the core database engine behind SingleStore. This includes developing in-memory and on-disk data structures and algorithms, row and columnar stores, networking, query optimization, and execution.
As a senior software engineer on the database engine team, you will have the unique benefit of building systems software in a rapid production environment with a small and collaborative team. This includes overseeing the direction, design and development of key features that can be attributed to just a handful of engineers. In this position, you will be empowered to leverage your technical, leadership, and business acumen while mentoring other engineers who are eager to learn from you.
Role and Responsibilities

Lead innovation for major software components, systems, and features.
Design and develop new systems to enhance database performance with good throughput and low latency. 
Identify and implement pioneering execution and storage techniques to optimize performance for both transactional and analytical queries.
Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.
Mentor and train other team members on design techniques, and coding standards.
Actively participate in customer POCs to optimize customer experience and adoption.
Work collaboratively with multiple departments such as Sales, Marketing, and GA.

Required Skills and Experience

At least four years of experience developing and debugging in system level CC, particularly on Linux
Background in database internals or building core components for large scale data processing systems (i.e. Hadoop, Spark)  especially query executionprocessing, andor optimization.
Experience with storage formats (i.e. Parquet, ORC, avro), encodings andor indexing structures.
Experience with cloud technologies and building cloud-native Saas is a plus.
Passionate about building highly reliable system software
B.S. degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science or a similar field

Benefits

Company Wide

Technology Stipend for New Employees 
Monthly Cell Phone and Internet Stipend
Health and Wellness benefit 
In office catered lunches and monthly Grubhub credit
Company and team events 
Flexible time off 
Volunteer time off
Stock Options 

Country Specific (if applicable) 

HealthBenefits
Retirement 


As employees are located in many different countries around the world, some benefits may differ from country to country. In all cases, we do our best to provide equitable perks and benefits across our locations.
Other:

Employment Status: Full Time Employment
Work Authorization: Eligibility to work for a US based employer
LocationWorking classification: Hybrid Role - San Francisco or Seattle

Required to work from office 2 times a week


SingleStore delivers the cloud-native database with the speed and scale to power the worlds data-intensive applications. With a distributed SQL database that introduces simplicity to your data architecture by unifying transactions and analytics, SingleStore empowers digital leaders to deliver exceptional, real-time data experiences to their customers. SingleStore is venture-backed and headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Sunnyvale, Raleigh, Seattle, Boston, London, Lisbon, Bangalore, Dublin and Kyiv. 
Consistent with our commitment to diversity  inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people.
To all recruitment agencies: SingleStore does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to SingleStore employees. SingleStore is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.
SingleStore values individuals for their unique skills and experiences, and were proud to offer roles in a variety of locations across the United States. Salary is based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location, and is just one part of our total compensation and benefits package. Certain roles are also eligible for additional rewards, including merit increases and annual bonuses. 
Our benefits package for this role includes: stock options, flexible paid time off, monthly three-day weekends, 14 weeks of fully-paid gender-neutral parental leave, fertility and adoption assistance, mental health counseling, 401(k) retirement plan, and rich health insurance offerings—including medical, dental, vision and life and disability insurance. 
SingleStores base salary range for this position is: 155,000 - 185,000 USD. 
For candidates residing in California, please see our California Recruitment Privacy Notice. For candidates residing in the EEA, UK, and Switzerland, please see our EEA, UK, and Swiss Recruitment Privacy Notice.