
Position Overview: 
SingleStore is growing our Business Development team and were looking for hungry, motivated sales development professionals. The BDR team at SingleStore uses outbound prospecting tactics to generate opportunities for our sales team(s). The team is in our Raleigh, North Carolina office and works at an extremely high level to achieve pipeline goals. Business development representatives are assigned to account based territories for commercial, enterprise, and strategic target accounts. This team is a keen group with high business acumen and a hunters mentality, comfortable generating their own leads.  
Role and Responsibilities: 

Generate qualified sales pipeline for SingleStore targeted accounts
Actively prospect using phone, email and social; primarily outbound tactics 
Partner with Account Executives on account plans and prospecting strategies
Identify key account stakeholders to generate opportunities for SingleStore
Maintain open communication and alignment with Account Executives
Quickly gain a strong understanding of the SingleStore value proposition and the database industry landscape
Consistently achieveexceed monthly quota of qualified opportunities and meaningful interactions with new prospects

Required Skills and Experience:

1 years of SDR (Inbound), or BDR experience in the software industry preferred
Strong business acumen, with the ability to become an expert on database management systems (DBMS) within your first 90 days
Proven track record of running high volume out-bounding cadences via phone, email, social media
Proven track record of achieving measurable lead and pipeline goals; references preferred
Formal sales training a plus 
Required to be in office Tuesdays and Wednesdays for pipeline generation days with team and overall training

What youll bring:

Comfortable operating in a fast pace environment 
An exceptional written and spoken communicator
Hungry for a career in sales or other areas of enterprise software
Comfortable reaching out cold to executive level and technical prospects
Experience with sales tools like Salesforce, Outreach.io, Zoominfo and LinkedIn  
Highly organized  autonomous
Entrepreneurial and self-motivated
An ability to partner with and support co-workers and customers across timezones

Benefits

Company Wide

Technology Stipend for New Employees 
Monthly Cell Phone and Internet Stipend
Health and Wellness benefit 
In office catered lunches and monthly Grubhub credit
Company and team events 
Flexible time off 
Volunteer time off
Stock Options 

Country Specific (if applicable) 

HealthBenefits
Retirement 


As employees are located in many different countries around the world, some benefits may differ from country to country. In all cases, we do our best to provide equitable perks and benefits across our locations.
Other:

Employment Status: Full Time Employment
Work Authorization: Eligibility to work for a US based employer
LocationWorking classification: LocationWorking classification: Hybrid Role - Required to work from Raleigh, North Carolina, United States 2 times a week (Tuesdays and Wednesdays)

SingleStore delivers the cloud-native database with the speed and scale to power the worlds data-intensive applications. With a distributed SQL database that introduces simplicity to your data architecture by unifying transactions and analytics, SingleStore empowers digital leaders to deliver exceptional, real-time data experiences to their customers. SingleStore is venture-backed and headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Sunnyvale, Raleigh, Seattle, Boston, London, Lisbon, Bangalore, Dublin and Kyiv. 
Consistent with our commitment to diversity  inclusion, we value individuals with the ability to work on diverse teams and with a diverse range of people.
To all recruitment agencies: SingleStore does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to SingleStore employees. SingleStore is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.
SingleStore values individuals for their unique skills and experiences, and were proud to offer roles in a variety of locations across the United States. Salary is based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location, and is just one part of our total compensation and benefits package. Certain roles are also eligible for additional rewards, including merit increases and annual bonuses. 
Our benefits package for this role includes: stock options, flexible paid time off, monthly three-day weekends, 14 weeks of fully-paid gender-neutral parental leave, fertility and adoption assistance, mental health counseling, 401(k) retirement plan, and rich health insurance offerings—including medical, dental, vision and life and disability insurance.
