Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
Youll develop and implement commodity sourcing strategies to scale production of high-quality drone components. This role has an emphasis on sourcing Innovative Electro-Mechanical components. In addition, this role will require support and ownership of developing the companys Supply Chain  Sourcing processes and Tools. The ability to lead and improve existing suppliers and develop new suppliers for access to new technologies will also be a factor in this role.
How youll make an impact:

We develop the Global Strategic Sourcing Strategies and objectives (short  long term) based on business needs, forecasts of future demand, economic  currency trends, and market supply conditions
Our team works with the Business, Engineering, and Buyers on assigned global commodities to prepare and solicit bids, quotations, and proposals with pertinent specifications, terms, and conditions.
We establish the connection between GSM Strategy, Skydios Business Strategy, and Production Strategy
We insure Contribution Margins, leverage goals, and Cost Targets are achieved by cross-functional teams passionate about process improvement, cost mitigation, and supply chain enhancements.
Crafts and maintains contractual documents (Master Supply Agreements, Pricing Agreements, Non-Disclosure Agreements, Certificates of Insurance, JDA, etc.).
Maintains effective supplier relationships by means of audits, visits, and evaluations to review areas such as capabilities, capacities, supplier fit, etc.
Identifies new or alternative sources using Innovation Mapping for assigned commoditiescomponents.
Develops Risk Mitigation plans.
Engages Early Supplier Involvement in new product development (process design, commodity overviews, IP opportunities, technical advantages, JDA, DFMA, etc.).
Collaborates with planning or production control to optimally control material scheduling and planning.
Works with Finance and Accounting to resolve and explain cost changes, PPV budgeting, price forecasting, etc.
Communicates strategy to the Skydio organization (key internal collaborators) in order to gain accountability and buy off.

What makes you a strong fit:

MBA  BABS in a technical field
Min. 5 years of experience with High Impact Commodities in Procurement
Battery and power supply sourcing preferred
Interpreting DrawingSpecifications, Cost Analysis, and Commodity Value Stream Mapping
Ability to do Supplier Assessments and Commodity Market Analysis
Ability to technically discuss critical elements of the commoditys Form, Fit and Function
Experience in manufacturing  operations, planning, engineering, supply management, or procurement.
Experience with GSM, Production, and NPI processes and systems.
Experience effectively working independently (when appropriate) and collaboratively
Experience presenting to all levels of an organization, including the C-Suite.

Compensation Range: The annual base salary range for this position is 144,500 - 182,750. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
 
LI-TS1
 At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov