Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the Role 
The head of quality will be responsible for the development and implementation of quality management systems, global quality assurance and control programs that improve incoming part quality, manufacturing quality, product reliability, increase customer satisfaction and reduce the cost of quality across the organization. Additionally this role will be responsible for developing, implementing and running ongoing reliability monitors, change control and ISOAS certifications.  Continuously evaluating the evolving needs of the organization and working to maintain and grow the quality systems and team to meet those changing needs will be a final area of responsibility.
These responsibilities span all product categories and cover internally-manufactured products, internal repair operations and externally-sourced components, subassemblies and accessories. 
In order to be successful in this role, the candidate will need to have direct experience developing and implementing quality systems, influencing cross functional organizations to adopt quality practices and have hands-on experience in in-house and contract manufacturing environments.  Experience and understanding of supply chain and sourcing will also be critical for the role.
How youll make an impact: 

Lead a global organization of quality professionals supporting both internal manufacturing and external suppliers. Build and maintain a high-performing global organization through strong leadership, professional development, management process and hiring programs. 
Define quality control strategy and lead creative solutions through multiple and complex global projects running concurrently.
Drive accountability for and lead multiple, highly complex global projects to meet product quality targets. 
Develop and Implement predictive (versus reactive) tools and techniques to continuously improve incoming component quality as well as internally manufactured products.
Develop and utilize global key performance indicators (KPIs) for manufactured and externally-sourced products to monitor quality performance, drive root cause analysis and corrective actions and effectively manage non-conformances. 
Collaborate with Product Design Engineering,  Customer Success and Marketing in order to document quality requirements and inspection criteria for new products. Ensure requirements are incorporated into the New Product Development process and establish quality performance standards prior to production start.
Collaborate with Global Supply Chain to incorporate quality-related provisions into supply agreements. Hold suppliers accountable for actual expenses related to non-conforming products and work with Global Supply Chain to pursue cost recovery for quality-related expenses.
Develop and deploy a capability to perform failure analysis, isolate causes of non-conformance, and implement corrective actions. Leverage internal engineering resources and supplier technical personnel as required. 
Develop and deploy quality audit programs to verify quality performance criteria are met for outsourced components, in-process, end-of-line, and end user (field). 
Implement and maintain total quality policies, programs, and initiatives that improve the quality of the organizational processes, products, and services
Provide functional leadership and direction to Manufacturing and Supplier Quality teams.

What makes you a good fit: 

Bachelors technical or engineering degree required
15 Years of work experience in Quality, Operations andor Manufacturing Engineering including 5-7 years of leadership experience leading quality function with global presence
Proven expertise and experience leading  driving change and mentoring new leaders and peers


Quality Management expert with broad experience in the implementation of quality and continuous improvement across an organization
Demonstrated leadership experience in implementing and shaping the companys internal and external quality assurance processes and strategies
Influencing and negotiation skills with demonstrated success of achieving management buy-in on ideas and concepts
A strong collaborator who can work across diverse teams to drive projects to completion and demonstrated ability to work effectively in a matrix structure
Deep understanding of  of quality management systems  requirements, ISO processes and experience in planning, developing and executing QMS initiatives
Experience in advocating for quality assurance, continuous improvement, and industry leading best practices within an organization
Demonstrated ability to lead and manage teams of direct and indirect reports to achieve technical and professional growth success
Leads by example and has a strong sense of accountability. Willing to work side-by-side with reports while using positive strategies to establish a professional environment of trust, respect, and collaboration


Proven ability to think, plan and execute both tactically and strategically.  Able to respond to rapid change and multiple parallel priorities
Problem analysis and problem resolution at both a strategic and functional level

Compensation Range: The annual base salary range for this position is 190,000 - 275,000. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
LI-TS1
 At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov