Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
We are looking for a motivated Program Manager with a deep sense of ownership to lead and drive all aspects of implementation and delivery for our Federal and military customers. You will join Skydios Federal and Global Government mission success team as a program manager and be directly responsible for the success of our customers to include: On-boarding, project planning, technical execution, risk management and delivering Skydios industry leading autonomous solutions to customers. Internally, you work cross functionally hand in hand with Engineering, Operations, Manufacturing and Sales to develop plans, solve problems and communicate risk and progress for strategic accounts. A successful candidate will become an indispensable bridge between our customers and Skydios extremely agile and world class technical teams.
How youll make an impact:

Be a highly collaborative, requirements-driven planner with a deep sense of ownership and accountability and willing to roll up sleeves and dive into the details.
Understand customer requirements and translate them to Skydios agile technical team to drive development and delivery execution.
Establish relationships with Federal and Global Government customers and be technical enough to build  drive plans with Skydios operations and program management teams taking into account issues such as certifications, localization, regulatory compliance, logistics, etc.
Inform Skydio and customer business and program leaders regarding customer account opportunities and risks, ensuring a coordinated and comprehensive approach to service delivery across the program.
Be knowledgeable in UAS technology, drone data manipulation, analysis and be able to proactively anticipate the needs of our customers.
Build and manage a scalable customer onboarding and QBR process to ensure customer success, upsell and renewal activities.
General support of go-to-market  business activities as required

What makes you a good fit:

Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, and a strong focus on project management tools and concepts.
Proven track record of implementing new technology, agile development and interfacing with technical teams to deliver on customer schedules.
Successful management of technical services contracts andor projects for or within large Enterprises that support Federal and Military customers.
Experience with commercial Unmanned Aircraft Systems and related software developmentdeployment.
Experience working directly with Federal and Military customers. Military or Federal Law Enforcement background is strongly preferred..
Ability to work directly with customers and sales to help drive renewals and expansion.
Ability to travel 40 of the time.

Compensation Range: The annual base salary range for this position is 110,500 - 139,500. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.
For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.LI-Remote
 At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov