Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role: As a Senior Product Designer you will research, prototype, design and ship web and mobile applications that unlock Skydio hardwares potential across a wide array of inspection, industrial, construction, public safety and defense use cases. You will work directly with the Sr. Director of Product Design, Designers, Product Managers, and Engineers to understand our customers most pressing needs and build incredible cross-platform experiences.How youll make an impact:

Design core and new functionality for Skydio Cloud andor Android based Ground Control Stations. These include:

Media Management
Fleet Management
Inspection  Mapping
Data Visualization
Annotation and Records Tools
Remote Operation
In-Flight Experience
AI Driven Missions

Go on-site with customers to deeply understand their needs, use cases and work with Product Managers and Engineers to build incredible new AI based tools that customers love
Work with other designers, engineers and marketers to build out the Skydio Design Language across our Cloud, Mobile, and Marketing experiences. Discover, design and document new components, modules, visual styles and treatments that will create a toolbox for ALL designers to build more efficiently and cohesively
Provide mockups, user flows, pixel-perfect designs in Figma, or write HTMLCSS directly to drive the design process for engineers, while communicating design goals to PMs and Executives
Bring your insights and experience to improve production and processes around the design org

What makes you a good fit:

Proven track record of delivering effective design to consumer andor enterprise customers 
A portfolio that clearly defines your contributions shipping cloud products in multiple disciplines within design including:

Robotics Controls
Avionics
Photo management
Data or Fleet Management
Geospatial Analysis or Mapping
3D Web Tools
Video Review Workflows
Remote Hardware Sensing (cameras, robotics, aviation)

Solid understanding of design systems that span mobile, web and marketing
Strong examples of beautiful data, visualization, 3d, and table layout and visual design

Nice to haves: 

Familiarity with 3D for Web (WebGL, Cesium, ThreeJS)
Familiarity with Android-based HIG and Mobile Design Patterns
Some front-end coding ability in HTMLCSSJavascript
Familiarity with Front-end design libraries like Ant, Bootstrap, Tailwind CSS.
Familiarity with 3D Animation tools like Cinema4D, Blender, Maya and After Effects

This position is open to remote work.
Compensation Range: The annual base salary range for this position is 144,500 to 200,000. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
LI-TN1
LI-remoteAt Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov