Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
Youll develop and execute commodity sourcing strategies of increasing scale for high-quality drone components. Emphasis on sourcing components and tooling for Mechanical manufacturing technologies and processes for precision custom mechanics (e.g., Custom Mechanical  Electro-Mechanical Sub-Assemblies, UAV Motors, and Custom Components from Injection Molding, CNC Machining, Die Casting, Metal Extrusions, Fasteners, Composites, Liquid Silicone Rubber Molding, and Precision Metal Stamping  Forming technologies.)
In addition, this role will require support and ownership of developing the company Supply Chain and Sourcing processes and tools. Management and improvement of existing suppliers and developing new suppliers with access to new technologies will also be a factor in this role.
How youll make an impact:

Develop clear technology and commodity roadmaps for current and future programs. Be the liaison between supply chain and engineering for supplier and component selection during NPI and sustaining projects. Identify new high potential suppliers on a global basis.
Cultivate productive relationships with supply chain partners including vendor selection, cost, support, and product transactions. Ownership of RFIs, RFPs and RFQs and the review process and business award decisions - ensuring all commercial terms are agreed and documented.
Drive price negotiation processes to ensure that Skydios commodity pricing is best in class. Analyze current spend and evaluate current suppliers. Maintain commodity consumption forecasts and associated plans of execution. Consolidate spend across the supply base to create leverage, analyze purchasing trends, and develop sourcing alternatives. Monitor current market conditions, technology roadmaps, and identify supplydemand challenges  opportunities.
Work with finance and accounting during monthly close and financial planning cycles with component pricing costs and forecasts and custom tooling investments.
Identify and manage supplier performance metrics of Supplier Technology availability and competence, Component Quality, Supply, and Cost required to ensure best in class supply chain.

What makes you a good fit:

Flexibility to work and achieve goals in a fast-paced start-up environment with an ability to adapt to changing circumstances.
Detail-oriented, team-oriented, with enthusiasm for learning new things.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, strong ethics and professionalism.
Technical  commercial experience in mechanical component surface treatments (e.g, corrosion resistant, decoration, and RF performance coatings of plastics and metals.)
Experience with Tooling Capacity Management, Tooling Unit Cost targets, and Supplier Capacity Management.
Strength in directing complex negotiations, RFP issues, costprice analysis, RFPQ review and Business Award process, and purchasing procedures.
Experience using cost models to define should-cost and negotiating price for sourcing and cost reduction.
Experience in Supplier Contract, TCs, MSA, SOW, and NDA negotiation, management and ownership.
Experience with Facilitation of ESI (Early Supplier Involvement) between Supplier, Program design, sourcing, and procurement resources.
Ability to prepare and present quantitative and qualitative comparative analysis of sourcing alternatives.
Ability to manage respective supplier relationships and performance, including but not limited to, dispute resolution.
Interest in keeping up with emerging technologies spanning consumer electronics, aerospace, and robotics, and new and developing mechanical component manufacturing processes and materials.

Compensation Range:

The annual base salary range for this position (spanning multiple experience levels) is 145,000 - 175,000.  Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.

          For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
LI-TS1
 At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov