Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:As a User Experience (UX) Software Engineer at Skydio, you will help build the user-facing interfaces to our industry-leading autonomous small Unmanned Aerial Systems (sUAS) and deploy these products to our customers. You will design and develop the human-machine teaming front-end that enables a wide range of use cases, including situational awareness, emergency response, inspection, mapping, and a new paradigm of multi-platform coordination. As all end-users are exposed to the incredible capabilities of Skydio platforms through your software, these User Interfaces (UI) are extremely important and your work on them will thus be extraordinarily impactful.  Due to the nature of some of these products, the ability to obtain a US Government Security Clearance is required.
How youll make an impact:

Design and build user interfaces to Skydio products through collaboration across our autonomy, mobile, wireless, embedded, and flight test teams
Work closely with Skydio colleagues to enhance user experience while operating Skydio products
Rapidly prototype and iteratively enhance user interfaces to validate industry requirements and take ownership of those software products as they mature into robust commercial products
Capture, understand, and react to customer feedback to drive rapid improvements to overall user experience

What makes you a good fit:

Ability to obtain a US Government Security Clearance
Proficiency in C and mobile development tools, e.g., Qt, Android, Kotlin
Experience developing mobile Graphical User Interfaces (GUI)
Experience gathering user experience feedback and improving software from constructive criticism
Even better: Experience developing Ground Control Station (GCS) software for robots
Highly curious, creative, and able to communicate concepts to non-technical audiences
Strong software engineering fundamentals and a commitment to writing clean, well architected code
Excited to use robotics to make the world safer, more productive, and more creative

Compensation Range: 

The annual base salary range for this position (spanning multiple experience levels) is 170,000 - 220,000.  Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.

LI-PG1
 At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov