Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!As a member of the Wireless Team, you will work on meaningful projects that will add value to Skydio. You will solve complex, interesting problems and learn from a world-class team of engineers and researchers.
We currently consider one of the following projects:
Channel estimation in Drone operation - using channel capture, radio channel state information, and working on channel emulation device to evaluate expected wireless performance and supporting radio mode selection mechanism.

3D wireless mapping - using the drone self aware capabilities, we are seeking to align wireless network performance with 3D location to identify and optimize network performance and create a robust drone operation within this environment 
Drone mesh network enablement
Multi-link operation - combine two radios for a robust command and control and video operation. Working across multiple types of radios (WiFiLTE and others) 

What we are looking for in you:

Relentless curiosity
Ability to leverage rock solid fundamentals to create exceptional designs for complicated products
Passion for end to end understanding of the wireless link and the channel behavior. 
Proficiency in wireless background and theory
Very strong SW capabilities

Bonus skills for the job:
These are great to have, but we are also happy to teach you:

How to use Python for scripting
Familiarity with embedded HW and low level coding
Familiarity with wireless chipsets firmware, Driver and kernel code

LI-AY1At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov