Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
At Skydio, the combination of our platform, technology foundation, and team enables our engineers and researchers to develop, deploy, iterate, and improve upon the state of the art in robot autonomy better and faster than anywhere else in the world. 
To do this, we develop a wide range of internal tools and services that enable the autonomy team to develop quickly, iterate rapidly, and deploy cutting-edge robotics algorithms into the real world with confidence. The Autonomy Infrastructure team is responsible for coordinating development and improvement of these tools, including flight data management, visualization tools, and simulation frameworks that are used by the rest of the Autonomy team.
This is a small but impactful team where ownership matters. We work closely with other engineers across the company including Autonomy, Cloud, and Embedded.
How youll make an impact:

Design and implement high-quality software systems that run on our hardware products, on developer workstations, and in the cloud
Build tools that streamline stages of the robotics development process, including code generation, compilation and deployment, configuration management, data collection and analysis, and validation testing
Identify and lead internal cross-team software projects that substantially improve the Skydio Autonomy developer experience
Take ownership of internal services from concept through deployment and monitoring

What makes you a good fit:

You are comfortable navigating and delivering within a complex codebase
You are highly proficient in Python, with a desire for C andor Go familiarity
You have experience working with modern cloud technologies, ideally including Kubernetes and observability tooling
You enjoy designing and making powerful tools that are used by other engineers
You are excited to work on and with modern cutting-edge robotic systems
You have experience coordinating and leading improvements to systems with significant organizational usage and impact

Compensation Range: The annual base salary range for this position is 170,000 - 215,000. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends. 
For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
LI-PG1At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov