Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
The vehicles mechanical systems make autonomous flight possible. An intelligent flying machine depends on world-class engineering and an eye for detail while optimizing for simplicity; you will help architect, develop, and refine the structures, mechanisms and solutions that bring autonomous flight to a broad audience in a highly collaborative environment.
How youll make an impact:

Design mechanical parts and assemblies for our aircraft, ground stations, and other key accessories from the ground-up as part of new architectures.
Collaborate closely with electrical engineers to shape and integrate custom PCBAs, flex circuits, antennas, and cable harnesses.
Interface with and own technical activity at vendors in partnership with operations and supply chain teams. 
Define and execute engineering tests and utilize analysis to evaluate system trade-offs and prove your design.
Drive designs throughout the development cycle from prototyping to pre-production and into mass production. Support our internal manufacturing and factory teams with assembly processes, quality and inspection criteria, etc.
Debug and investigate failures with an eye for the smallest details and a commitment to reach the deepest causes.

What makes you a good fit:

Prior experience of product development experience with a proven track record of execution, enthusiasm, and cooperation. This role could be a senior-level depending on experience. 
Bachelors degree in mechanical engineering or equivalent with demonstrated academic excellence. 
Ability to apply analytical problem solving skills and engineering fundamentals to create high-quality designs for a sophisticated electromechanical system.
Mastery of 3D CAD, specifically as used in developing complex assemblies along with an acute sense of when to hack and when to build elegant parametrics. Experience with CATIA strongly preferred. 
Ability to design for a broad array of manufacturing processes (injection molding, metal casting, and CNC machining required, sheet metal forming and composites desired). 
Excellent sense of how best to prototype quickly and efficiently in a fast-paced environment.
Ability to produce well-constructed, thorough mechanical part and assembly drawings.
Passion for elegant mechanical design at the highest and lowest levels of detail.
A strategic mind across the full design, source, build, validate, and ship process. Proven ability to make considered decisions at various stages.

Compensation Range: The annual base salary range for this position is 114,750 - 200,000. This role could be a senior-level depending on experience. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
LI-TN1At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov