Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
As Skydios Warehouse Manager, you will lead our Receiving, Material Handling and Inventory Control team. You will have responsibility for associated processes and KPIs related to effective management of our Raw Material, WIP and FG Inventories, including overall system design, space utilization and layout of our warehouses. This is a leadership position that emphasizes the ability to cultivate collaboration, accountability and continuous improvement in a fast-paced, high-quality environment. The successful candidate will have a strong history of developing SOPs, calculating the cost elements of inventory, analyzing relevant direct  indirect material data elements, recommending inventory levels by part  optimizing the flow of goods to eliminate Muda.How youll make an impact:

Directly lead warehouse associates and their daily tasks and handle larger WHSE or Inventory related projects
Write and implement processes related to receiving and handling raw materials, inventory, warehousing, picking, and sequencing
Assures all Financial, Accounting and General Best Practices around OEM Inventory Management are followed and are in compliance
Sets individual performance expectations while encouraging positive learning around Root Cause and Problem-Solving techniques
Trains and mentors all associates to allow their growth and advancement within the company
Raises quality, supply, compliance and manufacturing concerns promptly

What makes you a good fit:

BABS degree
Experience directly leading, delegating work and scheduling associates.
Experience handling a global supply base delivering highly-engineered components while running cycle counts audits and full physical inventory counts
Experience and deep familiarity with standard warehouse processes and practices
Comfortable with developing solutions for any gap business process and using a variety of software solutions (Jira, NetSuite, Slack, etc.) for receiving POs, inventory management and communication
Attention to detail, focused on quality and efficiency while meeting daily internal part distribution quantity requirements
A strong understanding of inventory segregation, ECMs, containment and build-out processes is required.
Knows and follows OSHA rules for safety and well-being of staff and visitors to the warehouse
Has a bias towards visibility and action while tracking core ISOASTM documentation required
APICS or CMA or CPM certifications desired

Compensation Range: The annual base salary range for this position is 93,500 - 118,250. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
LI-SS1At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov