Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
Skydio is seeking a highly skilled and motivated Manager, FPA Analyst to join the Financial Planning and Analysis team. The right individual will be a key contributor in driving data-driven insights and providing financial guidance to the key stakeholders within the business. The position is primarily focused on RD, but will also have the opportunity to support other core functions (e.g. GtM, HW Ops and GA) as needed.
The Sr. FPA Analyst will be primarily responsible for coordinating with cross functional teams to develop and track headcount, track product development costs (HW,SW, Product), and own the AWS cost model for our Cloud business. This position will also be responsible for driving KPI reporting to provide actionable insights for our RD business 
How youll make an impact:

Maintain and improve Skydios AWS cost optimization model
Develop and analyze data, financial, and business metrics used by the Company and senior management to drive business performance and track growth initiatives. 
Partner with cross functional stakeholders to drive strategic planning and decision-making, including headcount and opex planning.
Perform ad hoc analyses that drive strategic business decisions.  
Support the annual budgeting and quarterly outlook processes in order to ensure all departments and operations are executing to the financial plan.
Investigate variances between actuals and forecasts to understand trends and potential risks and opportunities for Skydio.
Coordinate with Accounting, Engineering, Marketing, and various information holders to collect, organize, and analyze Company data and to summarize key takeaways for senior management.
Assist in the design and implementation of new financial processes.

What makes you a good fit:

3 to 5 years of experience in financial analysis, including excellent analytical skills and a strong proficiency in financial modeling; experience in RD finance and AWS cost modeling
High level of proficiency in Excel (array functions, scenario modeling, etc.) and PowerPoint
Netsuite, Adaptive proficiency a plus
Strong understanding of corporate finance and basic accounting
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision. Proactive self-starter with the ability to multitask and prioritize appropriately to meet tight deadlines.
Exceptional attention to detail is a must. 
Excellent oral and written communication skills. Comfortable working with and articulating financial concepts to department managers and senior executives.
High standard for integrity required for exposure to confidential Company performance, legal contracts and employee information.
Bachelors Degree (or equivalent) in Finance, Accounting or Economics related field required.

Compensation: The annual base salary range for this position is 124,500 - 158,025. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.
For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
 
 At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov