Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
By combining best-in-class autonomy and cloud-connected real-time visibility, drones will become the critical and ubiquitous infrastructure that can be deployed and monitored in real time to solve a variety of problems faster, cheaper, and safer than ever before.  Realizing this future requires a reliable and robust wireless communication network that spans multiple use cases and capabilities. Were looking for you, an experienced Wireless Software Engineer to join our team and tackle these challenges head on.
How youll make an impact:

You will enhance and improve the Skydio network wireless solution, extending the range and providing high-speed and secured communication
You will develop innovative network solutions to allow an OFDMA based mesh network of drones to communicate reliably and effectively
You will optimize video quality and encoder settings, latency, and reliability under extreme wireless conditions
You will work across multiple wireless communications standards to include WLAN and LTE
You will work on a new and innovative communication protocol to facilitate best-in-class mesh drone communication
You will work on wireless firmware and software, develop, implement and validate algorithms with optimizations aimed to improve performance KPI

What makes you a good fit:

Experience with WLAN SW and especially MAC level firmware is desired
Understanding of WLAN protocols and performance metrics
Can work in a collaborative environment with multiple teams alongside Systems, Software Embedded, and Hardware Engineers
Solid software engineering foundation
Strong debugging skills in a variety of environments including those close to the hardware

Compensation Range: The annual base salary range for this position is 150,000 - 220,000. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.
For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
LI-TN1At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov