Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
We are seeking a talented Assistant Controller with a strong background in technical GAAP and accounting operations.  Reporting to the Corporate Controller, the Assistant Controller will be responsible for overseeing financial close  reporting, leading the annual audit and overseeing accounting operations.
How youll make an impact:

Prepare consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with US GAAP.
Own the month-end close process, including the close cadence, account reconciliation process and flux analysis.
Identify complex technical accounting matters, perform necessary research to determine treatment and document treatment in technical accounting memos.
Partner with external accounting firms to lead international accounting operations, including AP  expense processing, local statutory reporting and support of expansion to new countries.
Create and maintain ASU adoption roadmap and lead implementation of new standards.
Project manage financial audit with external auditors  internal teams and ensure alignment on accounting treatment of material transactions.
Directly manage growing GL and AP teams with current headcount of 5.
Partner with FPA team on budget vs. actual review, mapping GAAP to management reporting and tracking YE  QE GAAP adjustments.
Create and maintain accounting policies, procedures and controls.
Design, implement and enhance internal controls. 
Perform ad hoc analysis and projects as required.

Desired qualifications:

Big 4 CPA with 8 years combined accounting experience
Experience with technical GAAP accounting and reporting in both startup and scaled  public company environments.
Experience in managing and consolidating the accounting for multiple subsidiaries, including proper recognition  elimination of intercompany transactions and transfer pricing.
NetSuite experience is required.
Salesforce experience is a plus.
Ability to effectively communicate to different levels of the organization both written and verbal.
Problem solver that can make judgment calls and prioritize based on existing knowledge and experience.
Demonstrated ability to learn quickly and pick up new skills.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment with a high-level of accuracy.

Compensation Range: The annual base salary range for this position is 161,500 - 204,250. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.
For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.LI-Remote
 
 
 At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov