Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!We are looking for a Summer 2024 Intern! As a member of the Product Design Team, you will work on meaningful projects that add value to Skydio and our users. You will solve complex, interesting problems and learn from a team of world-class engineers and researchers.
As a member of the Product Design Team, you will work on meaningful projects that add value to Skydio and our users. You will solve complex, interesting problems and learn from a team of world-class engineers and researchers.
On the job you will: 

Conquer challenges creatively with a scrappy mindset
Design parts for next generation prototypes
Chase down the root cause of mission critical issues on existing or developing products
 Find solutions with engineering design or manufacturing process changes
Validate your solutions with hands-on prototyping, testing, and data collection
Communicate with a cross functional team of engineers and suppliers around the globe
Present your work in design reviews and learn from senior members of our team

We are looking for you to have:

Relentless curiosity
Ability to leverage rock solid fundamentals to create exceptional designs for complicated products
Passion for elegant mechanical design at the highest and lowest levels of detail that will delight customers
Proficiency in 3D CAD. Experience with CATIA is highly valued

Bonus skills for the job:
This experience is great to have, but we are also happy to teach you:

How to design for a broad array of manufacturing processes including: injection molding, metal casting, CNC machining, sheet metal forming, and composites.
How to complete DFM (design-for-manufacturing) with local and foreign suppliers
How to design and integrate circuit boards, antennas, and connectors into mechanical assemblies

Some examples of past projects include:

Gimbal Isolation: Design, simulate, re-design, DFM, and kick-off tooling for Skydio X10 gimbal vibration isolators
Scrappy Wind Tunnel: Exactly what it sounds like. Research what it takes to make a wind tunnel. Build a wind tunnel. Use the wind tunnel to learn about aerodynamic forces on a drone to inform design improvements.
Drone Battery Charger: Create prototypes for the battery charger for Skydio 2. Perform user studies, come up with a thermal solution, architect the product, and work on cosmetic surfacing.

Compensation Range: The annual base salary range for this position is 41hr for Undergrad, 53hr for Graduate students, and 58 for PhD students. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.
LI-AY1
LI-AY1At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov