Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
As a warehouse associate you will be responsible for receiving, shipping, and inventorying materials from our Redwood City manufacturing site. This will be an individual contributor role taking direction from a warehouse leadsupervisor in a fast paced, high quality, and constantly changing environment.
How youll make an impact:

Receive, inspect, and put away inventory in the proper locations
Receive customer returns and be able to properly document their conditions
Follow processes and bring up concerns and improvements (SOPs, Quality, Test, Defect Reporting and Tracking)
Interpret part drawings to identify features and note quality concerns

What makes you a good fit:

The ideal candidate has experience with electromechanical production
Comfortable using and learning new MRP systems (SAP, NetSuite, etc.) for work orders and inventory transfers
Experience with shipping documents (BOLs, customs, and carrier tracking)
Highly organized with great communication skills
Attention to detail, focused on quality and efficiency over quantity
Proactive problem solver

Compensation Range: The hourly range for this position is 25.00 to 34.00 per hour. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.
 
LI-SS1
 At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov