Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
We are seeking a talented multi-disciplinary engineer to define, implement, and continuously improve manufacturing test processes. In this role, your contributions will ensure that products are defect free, exceed quality requirements, and function reliably for our customers.
How youll make an impact:

Collaborate with product design, quality, manufacturing, and software teams to define manufacturing test plans at the sub assembly and system level
Create automated functional test equipment (ATE)Design PCB and mechanical interfaces between the device under test (DUT) and the ATE
Produce schematics, electrical wiring diagrams, and bill of material for the ATE
Build and qualify the ATE for use on the production floor
Support and improve existing test system through bug fixes, cycle time reduction, increasing yield, availability and stability.
Willingness to be on the manufacturing floor doing hands-on work.
Work with manufacturing engineering and software infrastructure teams to integrate ATE into the manufacturing process and test framework
Work with the product design team to identify and incorporate design for test optimizations into the product design
Proactively identify test related issues throughout product build cycles and drive for timely resolution

What makes you a good fit:

5 years of experience working with test automation in consumer or industrial electronics
Strong electromechanical experience in designing automated test equipment
Expert in communication interface protocols (UART, USB, I2C)
Electrical design and PCB layout (Cadence, Pads, Eagle, Fusion 360) to interface with DUT
Capable of coding in Python
Enthusiasm for hands-on development of creative solutions to complex problems
Excellent problem-solving, organizational, communication, and cross-functional teamwork skills
Ability to conduct detailed root cause  failure analysis for manufacturing test and equipment issues
Experience with PLCs, Arduino, and Fusion 360 is a plus

Compensation Range:

The annual base salary range for this position (spanning multiple experience levels) is 140,000 - 185,000.  Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.

          For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
 
LI-TS1At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov