Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
We are looking for interns for the Summer 2024 Season. Reliable embedded firmware acts as the brain stem of our autonomous drones and accessory products -- bridging the gap between the algorithms and the sensorsmechanical hardware. As an Embedded Software Engineering Intern, you will have the opportunity to help define and develop functionality for internal teams andor current  future products in a collaborative, fast-paced environment. 
An ideal intern candidate is a junior, senior, or MS-level college student with industry experience developing device-level embedded software or firmware.
About the team: 

Our team is responsible for large portions of the software engineering stack, working on a wide variety of subsystems. We write bare metal and RTOS microcontroller code (generally STM32 product line), integrate and write code for embedded linux and android platforms (Qualcomm and Nvidia SOCs), maintain the associated linux kernels, and help design and bring up all new electronics. 
We work closely with both the hardware team and the rest of the software organization, creating the foundation for the rest of the Skydio software team to build upon.

How youll make an impact:

Develop and implement the embedded software that runs on the drone and our growing accessory product lines e.g. Skydio Dock
Characterize, integrate, and validate key subsystems (e.g. cameras, radios, flight controllers)
Bring up and debug new hardware
Write interfaces and drivers for sensors, cameras, and other devices

What makes you a good fit:

Practical experience writing firmwareembedded code for a physical device
Proficiency with C within the context of embedded systems
Proficiency with Python for testing, experimentation, and tools development
Ability to write clean code with appropriate abstraction boundaries
Ability to read schematics and use standard debugging equipment: oscilloscope, logic analyzer, multimeter
Ownership in digging into complex problems
Bonus points for embedded linux userspace and kernel development
Bonus points for knowledge of debugging systems at ARM assembly code level

Compensation Range: The hourly rate for this position is 41hr for Undergrad, 53hr for Graduate students, and 58 for PhD students. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience.
For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
LI-AY1At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov