Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
Skydio is seeking a dynamic and experienced Revenue Operations Manager to lead our Customer Success Operations function. In this influential role, you will leverage your Salesforce administration expertise to drive the optimization of processes and technologies, playing a critical part in enhancing customer satisfaction and retention. Your deep knowledge of Skydios tech stack, coupled with exceptional project management skills, will empower you to transform operations, amplify customer success, and provide strategic insights.
Responsibilities:

Spearhead the management and enhancement of Skydios technology ecosystem, including Salesforce, Salesforce Service Cloud, Salesforce Partner Community, Netsuite, and Rattle, as one of the primary Salesforce administrators.
Utilize your Salesforce expertise to architect and implement impactful solutions and elevate the efficacy of operations throughout the customer journey, collaborating closely with cross-functional teams.
Lead customer onboarding processes, ensuring compliance with company policies while orchestrating a smooth and positive experience using Salesforce automation and workflows.
Drive automation initiatives within Salesforce to streamline software renewals, ensuring timely and accurate renewals for customers.
Craft and oversee project plans, orchestrating the timely execution of Salesforce-driven initiatives.
Provide visionary direction and foster well-documented processes and systems within Salesforce, supporting clarity and continuity.
Drive change management through end-user training and support on Salesforce systems and processes.
Regularly audit Salesforce systems and processes to ensure precision and compliance.
Proactively unravel intricate and ambiguous challenges within Salesforce, showcasing your adept problem-solving capabilities.

Requirements:

Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, or a related field.
Minimum of 5 years of progressive experience in a similar role, preferably within the technology or software sector.
Exceptional mastery of Salesforce administration and technology systems management, including Salesforce, Salesforce Partner Community, Netsuite, and Rattle.
Salesforce Administrator Certification is required.
Demonstrated prowess in project management, concurrently handling multiple Salesforce-driven projects across cross-functional domains.
Adeptness in analytical thinking and problem-solving within Salesforce, with an instinct for preempting and resolving intricate issues.
Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills to foster collaboration and influence, particularly within a Salesforce context.
Flourish in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, thriving amid change and Salesforce-related transformations.
Candidates with experience in enterprises selling hardware and software to Enterprise and PubSec customers will be given additional consideration.

Base Compensation: The annual base salary range for this position is 110,500 - 139,750. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans. For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
 
 At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov