Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About The Role
As Skydios Director of Global Compliance, you will lead the companys compliance function across a broad array of areas, including export controls, sanctions, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), customs and supply chain. As a member of the Legal team, you will become a trusted expert and business partner on issues that impact virtually every part of the company. You will lead the development, execution, and continuous improvement of Skydios compliance programs. You will routinely interface with executives, engineers, sales leaders and partners. The ideal candidate will be a seasoned compliance professional with strong judgment and attention to detail, with 5 years of experience in compliance.
How you will make an impact

Partner with key stakeholders across the business to refine and implement the companys compliance policies and procedures while promoting a culture of compliance. 
Collaborate with business functions to understand their priorities and build integrated, forward-looking trade compliance processes.
Review cutting-edge, AI-enabled drone and software products for export classification and compliance with other U.S. and international legal regimes.
Create and maintain internal governing documents, including exports controls, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and others.
Supervise the preparation and filing of export licensing documents.
Drive compliance training programs and ongoing communications that help to fuel Skydios culture of compliance.
Monitor compliance practices on an ongoing basis.
Manage Skydios external assurance reviews and audits.
Investigate and implement tools designed to streamline compliance functions.

What Makes You a Good Fit

You excel at analyzing and communicating complex information in a clear, compelling way.
You are passionate about the opportunity to play a key role in the rebirth of the domestic drone industry, powered by Skydios AI-driven technology. And you are excited about the chance to promote a culture of compliance as Skydio expands around the world. 
You relish the opportunity to work on the worlds most advanced, AI-powered drone technology.
Instead of setting goals, you build systems designed to reach goals on a repeatable basis. You know how to build systems and processes built to last. 
You do not think any issues are too big--or too small--to handle. You seize opportunities to support your teammates (who will do the same for you).
You have at least five years of compliance experience, particularly in export controls (EAR and ITAR), FCPA, and federal government contracting.
You seize the initiative, identifying issues before they become problems. And you do more than point out problems--you offer smart, strategic recommendations to solve them.  
You bring a high level of attention to detail.
You are a U.S. person (a requirement for this role).
J.D. preferred; B.S. or B.A. required.

What Makes You Stand Out

You have experience handling compliance matters for aerospace, defense, or commercial companies exporting ITAR products.
You have a demonstrated ability to scale compliance programs, ideally by working for a fast-growing company serving both the defense and enterprise markets.  

Compensation Range: The annual base salary range for this position (spanning multiple experience levels) is approximately 178,000 - 220,000. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, location, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.
 At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov