Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
Skydio is built around deep technological investments in autonomy that lead to breakthrough products. We are looking for world-class engineering leaders to scale up the autonomy team to deliver Skydios vision. Our small team has incredible technical strength in solving complex algorithmic challenges, and needs help growing to meet the product opportunities ahead. You will be responsible for one or more areas of ownership across core drone platforms, SW architecture, simulation, SDK, object detection, map infrastructure, situational awareness, computational photography, and state estimation. You will manage the execution of the product  technology roadmap and be responsible for hiring, mentoring, and driving infrastructure investments that make us successful. We are open to candidates with a broad range of experience from tech leads to senior directors who are passionate about our mission.
How youll make an impact:

Leverage product insight, robotics andor computer vision, and high quality software engineering to bring state-of-the-art autonomy technology to market
Execute on complex cross-team goals, collaborating across our product management, embedded, mobile, cloud, hardware, and flight test teams with emphasis on excellent communication
Hire and mentor elite engineers to scale up our team
Leverage your experience and best practices to uphold and improve Skydios engineering standards

What makes you a good fit:

Hands-on technical leader with strong software engineering experience
Deep understanding of topics in robotics, computer vision, and software systems
Proven leadership, management, recruiting, team building, and communication skills
Solid fundamentals in 3D geometry, mathematics, and linear algebra
Experience with hardware is a plus but not required
You love building flying robots and making them do amazing things in the world

Compensation Range:  The annual base salary range for this position is 187,000 - 276,000.  Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.
LI-PG1At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov