Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the Team: As a Developer Experience Engineer, you will be an integral member of our cross-functional infrastructure team. Working closely with each team of engineers, you will identify the areas that can be enhanced to lower developers cognitive load, and make our engineering workflows and pipelines even more efficient. Youll write common tools, provide development best practices, and guide with thoughtful leadership as we deliver software for our growing customer base world-wide.
About the role: As a Software Engineer focused on Developer Productivity, you will work on designing and building scalable internal tools that enhance our engineers abilities to write, test, and release software with confidence. If youre passionate about knowing how everything works from top to bottom, learning new technologies, and automating wherever possible, wed love to hear from you.
How youll make an impact:

Identify and lead internal cross-team projects end-to-end with a keen eye for simplicity, reliability, and a low-friction developer experience
Feature and app development to streamline developer workflows, which span on-premises workstations, cloud workstations, backend services and other development productivity improvements
Build and maintain tooling common to engineering to improve deployments, observability, and scalability
Improve the functionality, performance, and reliability of core build architecture and corresponding build infrastructure services including remote execution, remote cache, and build analytics
Educate developers and evangelize best practices on code quality, development workflows, and test

What makes you a good fit:

5 years of professional programming experience writing clean, stable, and maintainable code in production environments
Can comfortably write and test software in Go and Python
Prior experience implementing Continuous Deployment practices
Understand cloud platforms architecture, especially networking, security, storage, and resilient application topologies 
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or relevant experience

Bonus points: 

Familiarity with Bazel, Starlark, and maintaining rule sets
Past experience developing Kubernetes operators

Compensation Range: The annual base salary range for this position is 144,500 - 258,000. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
LI-AS1At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov