Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
We are seeking a motivated, experienced, and knowledgeable Material Program Manager to support the planning, analysis, reporting and management of material availability and cost throughout the lifecycle of product programs. 
How youll make an impact:

Be the primary supply chain conduit between Engineering, Operations and Global Supply Chain partners to assure material deliveries in the right quantity are on time to support internal and external schedules.
Perform regular supply vs. demand analyses for critical materials to identify potential supply risks and inventory exposures by aligning supply chain processes with product development milestones and mass production ramp-up.
Own the costed Bill of Materials (cBOM) within a given program. Thoroughly pursue cost optimization activities throughout the product development cycle.
Provide frequent written and verbal executive status updates on material, cost, and readiness status.
Work fluidly in a cross-functional team environment involving Manufacturing and Product.
Work with external suppliers to establish the appropriate delivery schedules for individual components, specifying quantity and frequency targeting on-time delivery; coordinate with Supply Chain and Logistic teams as needed.
Ensure BOM accuracy by working with engineering, project management and document control teams.
Maintain accurate MRP data to reflect confirmed delivery quantities and due dates from suppliers. Validate, troubleshoot and resolve discrepancies.
Provide ongoing transparency of inventory levels and ensure continuous inventory accuracy.  Understand and work to reduce excess and obsolete inventory liability.
Identify opportunities for process improvement and drive improvement projects to completion.
Generate and publish performance metrics for assigned programs.

What makes you a good fit:

Significant hands-on experience in materials management, production planning, andor material scheduling in a manufacturing environment.
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and prioritize tasks based on demand.
Ability to present material status effectively in weekly programexecutive meetings.
Open-minded, collaborative and team-oriented attitude.
Self-motivation and resourcefulness.
Ability to solve problems in a fast-paced work environment with minimal supervision.
Strong work ethic.
Strong analytical capabilities, including ability to optimize delivery costs and inventory levels.
Knowledge of Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) software and ERP systems.

Compensation Range:

The annual base salary range for this position (spanning multiple experience levels) is 93,500.00 - 126,500.00  .  Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.

          For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
 
LI-TS1
 At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov