Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role: 
By combining best-in-class autonomy and cloud connected real-time visibility, drones will become critical and ubiquitous infrastructure that can be deployed and monitored in real time to solve a variety of problems faster, cheaper, and safer than ever before.  As a full stack engineer, you will be responsible for building out critical cloud features and infrastructure to make this vision a reality. You will be working across multiple parts of the Skydio stack and delivering new capabilities continuously to our growing consumer and commercial customer base.
How youll make an impact:

Collaborate across functions (product managers, designers, engineers) to design and deliver customer-facing product features that enable enterprise use cases on the Skydio Platform
Design and implement web backend, APIs, and drone and server-side applications for fleet management, photo and video asset management, 3D reconstruction, and more
Design secure, efficient, observable, scalable, and robust software for dealing with real-time data and video from fleets of Skydio drones
Leverage your experience and best practices to not only uphold but improve Skydios engineering standards
Actively contribute towards the 247 availability of Skydios platforms by joining our rotating on-call schedule

What would make you a good fit:

You love having fun building great product and enjoy working on systems that involve hardware and software (5 years of experience preferred)
You are customer focused and love shipping products quickly that solve customer problems.
You have demonstrated ability to take a concept and systematically drive it through the software lifecycle: architecture, development, testing, and deployment, and monitoring
You have experience building and delivering scalable and secure cloud based systems with a high proficiency in modern cloud technologies.  
Direct experience with our stack (Python, GraphQL, PostgreSQL, AWS, Kubernetes, Typescript).
You are comfortable navigating and delivering within a complex codebase
Experience with Machine Learning, Data Pipelining, Computer Vision, GeoSpatial and 3D Systems is a plus

Compensation Range: The annual base salary range for this position is 170,000 - 258,000. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends. 
For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location. 
LI-AS1At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov