Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role: By combining best-in-class autonomy and cloud connectivity, drones will become critical and ubiquitous infrastructure that can be deployed and monitored in real-time to solve a variety of problems faster, cheaper, and safer than ever before. As a Product Manager, you will take responsibility for defining and prioritizing key pieces of Skydios scanning and inspection functionality across user-facing software features as well as underlying system capabilities, including UIUX, autonomy software, and sensor capabilities. Youll ensure that we are building and delivering the right products and features for our entire range of customers. How youll make an impact:

Develop and own the roadmap for major pieces of Skydios scanning, inspection, and mapping products, such as 3D Scan. 
Engage with customers, prospects, and internal stakeholders to understand core business problems and develop customer personas and use case requirements.
Travel to customer sites and engage with end-users to gain a deep understanding of real problems and how Skydio can best solve them. 
Work closely with designers and engineering teams spanning hardware, cloud platform, computer vision, AI, and machine learning to execute on our product vision and deliver a first-class user experience, while also pushing the envelope on new technology.
Collaborate closely with sales and customer success to build and maintain close customer relationships and ensure success.
Partner with product marketing to develop launch plans, marketing assets, product positioning, pricing, and packaging.

What makes you a good fit:

2 years defining and delivering market-leading user facing software products for complex hardware products. 
2 years of experience in technology companies serving customers across Skydios core industry segments, including public safety and enterprise. 
Experience with geographic information systems (GIS) and photogrammetry products, especially in the drone space. 
Engineering or other technical educational background that makes you at home in deep discussions with engineers on complex technical challenges and tradeoffs. 
Experience building products with roots in AIML and robotics is a plus but not required.
Detail-oriented with exceptional written and oral communication skills.
Dedicated team player who strives to enable others to do their best work.
A passion for speaking with -- and learning from -- customers.

Compensation Range: The annual base salary range for this position is 127,500 - 182,750. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
LI-TP1At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov