Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
We are seeking interns for our EE Team! We are looking for Electrical Engineering Interns who will help prototype, validate, develop, and refine the electrical systems that bring together state-of-the-art computing hardware, sensing, and power systems. As a member of the Electrical Engineering team, you will be helping solve tough challenges alongside a team of world-class engineers. 
How youll make an impact:

Work with cross-functional teams to develop early prototypes  concepts
Execute on validation plans for the system electronics
Solve complex failure analysis problems for reliability, yield, and performance issues through development and into production

What makes you a good fit:

Previous internship work on consumer electronic products
Solid grasp of electrical engineering fundamentals
Ability to quickly prototype solutions and circuit demonstrations
Ability to work autonomously

Compensation Range: The annual base salary range for this position is 41hr for Undergrad, 53hr for Graduate students, and 58 for PhD students. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.
For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
LI-AY1At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov