Skydio is the leading US drone company and the world leader in autonomous flight, the key technology for the future of drones and aerial transportation. The Skydio team combines deep expertise in artificial intelligence, best-in-class hardware and software product development, and operational excellence to empower a broader, more diverse audience of drone users - from first responders to insurance claims adjusters, utilities, and more!About the role:
The RF system connects users with our autonomous systems. As intelligent flying machines gain more independence, the demands on range and bandwidth are increasing; there is a huge opportunity to innovate within existing architectures to bring an incredible, highly-engineered product to market, and to define the next generation of RF frameworks and technologies. Skydios highly integrated electromechanical systems provide a rich set of engineering challenges and a huge opportunity to make an impact!
How youll make an impact:

Collaborate with EE, PD, Antenna teams to maximize the performance of the system
Perform circuit level analysis to debug desense issues and characterize nature of aggressorvictim
Work with EE  RF Design  to reduce and mitigate noise sources  assist other engineers in system integration
Work with antenna design and test vendors to ensure the quality of the overall system design

What makes you a good fit:

MS in Electrical Engineering
6 years of hands-on desense evaluation and testing experience for consumer products, including compliance with wireless specification and standards
Willingness to learn and go after the challenge of unfamiliar tasks
Knowledgeable in analog, digital, and mixed-signal circuit analysis
Excellent technical understanding of one or more of the following radio technologies: WiFi, LTE, Bluetooth and GPS
Good understanding of physics of radiated noise coupling mechanisms
Experience with PCB layout and schematic capture for RF circuits
Experience using simulation tools such as HFSSCST and Keysight ADS
Experience with lab equipment such as network analyzers, CMW500, spectrum analyzers, power meters, near field probes, etc.
Experience with best design practices for EMIEMC, ESD and RF signal routing
Experience with performing TRP, TIS and Rate Vs Range measurements will be plus
Able to disassemble prototype products, make HW modifications to find and eliminate noise contributors
Able to work independently in the Lab to simulate and optimize RF circuits
Scripting experience to automate test flow is a plus

Compensation Range: The annual base salary range for this position is 160,000 - 200,000. Compensation will vary based on factors, including skill level, proficiencies, transferable knowledge, and experience. In addition to base salary, Skydio full-time employees are eligible to enroll in our benefit plans and take advantage of a variety of incentives and stipends.For some positions the pay may be dependent upon the individuals regional location.
LI-TN-At Skydio we believe that diversity drives innovation. We have created a multidisciplinary environment that embraces the power of diverse perspectives to create elegant solutions for complex problems. We are committed to growing our network of people, programs, and resources to nurture an inclusive culture.
As such, we do not make hiring or other employment-related decisions on the basis of an applicant or employees race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, sexgender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions),  gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability status, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, veteran, military or family status, or other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws.
For positions located in the United States of America, Skydio, Inc. uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit https:www.e-verify.gov