Who We Are:
SmithRx is a rapidly growing, venture-backed Health-Tech company.  Our mission is to disrupt the expensive and inefficient Pharmacy Benefit Management (PBM) sector by building a next-generation drug acquisition platform driven by cutting edge technology, innovative cost saving tools, and best-in-class customer service.  With hundreds of thousands of members onboarded since 2016, SmithRx has a solution that is resonating with clients all across the country.
We pride ourselves for our mission-driven and collaborative culture that inspires our employees to do their best work. We believe that the U.S healthcare system is in need of transformation, and we come to work each day dedicated to making that change a reality. At our core, we are guided by our company values:

Integrity: Do the right thing. Especially when its hard.
Courage: Embrace the challenge.
Together: Build bridges and lift up your colleagues.

Job Summary:
The Patient Access Operations Programs Analyst will be responsible for the day-to-day operations function of the Patient Access programs, including the maintenance of the program configuration in Laker, company tools, Salesforce, and RxFlex. The role requires someone who has impeccable attention to detail with strong written communication skills.
What you will do:

Execute, document, and improve the maintenance of the programs drug list, including updating relevant platforms and communicating changes across internal and external stakeholders. 
Coordinate with appropriate stakeholders the downstream impacts related to program updates
Collaborate with Training to maintain standard operating procedures related to the clinical programs. 
Facilitate operational improvements to clinical programs through project management support
Provide support to cross-functional teams when requested regarding the clinical programs, including providing workflow documentation or other information that they may need as they work on large scale projects
Act as the liaison and SME with technical teams on systems and workflow updates and enhancements, including requirements and testing
Coordinate and support new partner integrations, such as third party administrator, patient navigation entities, and other stakeholders including providing requirements information and tracking action items and deliverables across internal and external stakeholders.
Generate reports and analyze data related to program performance such as approval and denial rates, analysis of success by drug and manufacturer, etc.
Manage all automated outreach campaigns for clinical programs, including email, text and other channel communications with members
Create and update digital intake tools, such as Formstack and Member Portal as program requirements change.

What you will bring to SmithRx:

Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience required. In lieu of a degree, 6 years of relevant healthcare experience may suffice.
2-5 years of experience in Healthcare andor pharmacy experience required, including 2 years of  experience in Patient Assistance programs, with experience in operational support of at least two programs
Robust analytical skills; advanced skills in Microsoft Excel required
Salesforce experience preferred
Robust problem solving and analytical skills
Impeccable attention to detail and accuracy in work product
Strong organizational, problem solving, written and verbal communication, and interpersonal skills
Ability to work independently as well as part of an extended, cross-functional team
Ability to take initiative with little to no direction
Flexible, adaptable, and able to respond under the pressure of a fast-paced technology company

What SmithRx Offers You: 

Highly competitive wellness benefits including Medical, Pharmacy, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance 
Flexible Spending Benefits 
401(k) Retirement Savings Program 
Short-term and long-term disability
Discretionary Time Off 
13 Paid Holidays
Wellness benefits- Spring Health, Gympass, and Headspace
Commuter Benefits 
Paid Parental Leave benefits
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Well stocked kitchen in office locations
Professional development and training opportunities 
