Who We Are:
SmithRx is a rapidly growing, venture-backed Health-Tech company.  Our mission is to disrupt the expensive and inefficient Pharmacy Benefit Management (PBM) sector by building a next-generation drug acquisition platform driven by cutting edge technology, innovative cost saving tools, and best-in-class customer service.  With hundreds of thousands of members onboarded since 2016, SmithRx has a solution that is resonating with clients all across the country.
We pride ourselves for our mission-driven and collaborative culture that inspires our employees to do their best work. We believe that the U.S healthcare system is in need of transformation, and we come to work each day dedicated to making that change a reality. At our core, we are guided by our company values:

Integrity: Do the right thing. Especially when its hard.
Courage: Embrace the challenge.
Together: Build bridges and lift up your colleagues.

Job Summary:
SmithRx is seeking a talented Director of Manufacturer Strategy who will play a critical part of our strategy team developing relationships with our drug manufacturer partners. The role will be responsible for helping to manage, build and maintain relationships in the drug manufacturer community, educating them on our value proposition and work collaboratively to bring new drug access strategies to market. The critical KPI will be creating a pipeline of manufacturers to sequentially implement our manufacturer focused products. In this role, you will collaborate cross functionally to effectively promote, support, partner and deliver the SmithRx solution. In addition, you will help develop playbooks for each key manufacturer partner on how to work with them in new and innovative ways. Our team members must be willing to wear multiple hats and adapt to different situations as SmithRx continues to grow and expand throughout the United States.
The ideal candidate will have a strong background and interest in healthcare and pharmacy benefits, drug manufacturer payer arrangements, relationships management, strategy, process development, program management, leading presentations externally and internally and negotiation. This role reports directly to our SVP of Product Strategy.
What you will do:

Nurture SmithRx relationships with key contacts in the drug manufacturer community, to drive strong relationships and increase understanding about our capabilities 
Drive strategy implementation across our drug manufacturer partners 
Effectively collaborate with members of cross functional teams, Formulary, Customer Success, Sales Ops, Partnerships, Strategy, Analytics, Product and Marketing teams
Direct ongoing support from drug manufacturers across the various teams in the organization
Facilitate meetings with drug manufacturers to understand our differentiators and to drive excitement about our value proposition
Content preparation and leading training will be critical
Develop and maintain intra-company relationships consistent with our values
Direct collaboration and development of new products with drug manufacturers 

What you will bring to SmithRx:

8 years PBM, specialty pharmacy, or drug manufacturer experience 
MBA or Doctorate of Pharmacy Degree Preferred 
Experience in a high growth, fast changing environment
Comprehensive knowledge of the US healthcare reimbursement system
Ability to quickly understand complex internal processes and needs
Excellent poise and presentation skills, strong writing skills
Experience leveraging technology and tools
Adept at social selling and networking

What SmithRx Offers You: 

Highly competitive wellness benefits including Medical, Pharmacy, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance 
Flexible Spending Benefits 
401(k) Retirement Savings Program 
Short-term and long-term disability
Discretionary Time Off 
13 Paid Holidays
Wellness benefits- Spring Health, Gympass, and Headspace
Commuter Benefits 
Paid Parental Leave benefits
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Well-stocked kitchen in office locations
Professional development and training opportunities
