Who We Are:
SmithRx is a rapidly growing, venture-backed Health-Tech company.  Our mission is to disrupt the expensive and inefficient Pharmacy Benefit Management (PBM) sector by building a next-generation drug acquisition platform driven by cutting edge technology, innovative cost saving tools, and best-in-class customer service.  With hundreds of thousands of members onboarded since 2016, SmithRx has a solution that is resonating with clients all across the country.
We pride ourselves for our mission-driven and collaborative culture that inspires our employees to do their best work. We believe that the U.S healthcare system is in need of transformation, and we come to work each day dedicated to making that change a reality. At our core, we are guided by our company values:

Integrity: Do the right thing. Especially when its hard.
Courage: Embrace the challenge.
Together: Build bridges and lift up your colleagues.

Job Summary:
SmithRx is looking for a motivated supervisor to help manage a team of call center agents. This role is pivotal in driving daily performance of the call center by tracking attendance, reducing shrink, and delivering exceptional member experiences. Your primary focus will be the coaching and mentoring of your team as well as drive performance through the measurement of key performance indicators.
What will you do:

Manages and oversees a team of call center agents
Motivates agent growth and performance through weekly coaching interactions
Answer and support agent questions and escalations
Execute daily performance deliverables
Drive quality member experiences by listening and monitoring agent interactions
Track agent attendance to drive consistent capacity
Assist with onboarding process
Assist members by taking callschats during times of peak volume

What will you bring to SmithRx:

5 years of call center experience with progression through elevated roles
2 years of experience leading call center agents OR supporting agents in an elevated agent role
Expert customer service skills and aptitude
Strong problem solving skills 
Adept at organizing tasks and workload
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Passion for providing world class member experiences
Experience working with various omnichannel and CRM software
Positive attitude
Ability to be flexible in a fast paced startup environment
Tactical decision making ability 
H.S. diploma or equivalent

What SmithRx Offers You: 

Highly competitive wellness benefits including Medical, Pharmacy, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance 
Flexible Spending Benefits 
401(k) Retirement Savings Program 
Short-term and long-term disability
Discretionary Time Off 
13 Paid Holidays
Wellness benefits- Spring Health, Gympass, and Headspace
Commuter Benefits 
Paid Parental Leave benefits
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Well-stocked kitchen in office locations
Professional development and training opportunities 
