Who We Are:
SmithRx is a rapidly growing, venture-backed Health-Tech company.  Our mission is to disrupt the expensive and inefficient Pharmacy Benefit Management (PBM) sector by building a next-generation drug acquisition platform driven by cutting edge technology, innovative cost saving tools, and best-in-class customer service.  With hundreds of thousands of members onboarded since 2016, SmithRx has a solution that is resonating with clients all across the country.
We pride ourselves for our mission-driven and collaborative culture that inspires our employees to do their best work. We believe that the U.S healthcare system is in need of transformation, and we come to work each day dedicated to making that change a reality. At our core, we are guided by our company values:

Integrity: Do the right thing. Especially when its hard.
Courage: Embrace the challenge.
Together: Build bridges and lift up your colleagues.

Job Summary:
SmithRx is seeking a talented Director of Strategic Partnerships who will play a critical part of our strategy team by supporting the sales team focusing on partnering with captives and stop lossreinsurance carriers. The role will be responsible for helping to articulate our value at lowering pharmacy costs and mitigating risk. Additionally, the role will educate captives and reinsurance carriers on our value proposition and key differentiators. To be successful in this role you will have a deep understanding of the financial dynamics surrounding stop loss reinsurance. The critical KPI will be developing relationships that remove barriers to foster growth by the sales organization. In this role, you will collaborate cross functionally to effectively promote, support, partner and deliver the SmithRx solution. In addition, you will help work with the sales organization to identify strategic targets and develop playbooks for each situation. Our team members must be willing to wear multiple hats and adapt to different situations as SmithRx continues to grow and expand throughout the United States.
The ideal candidate will have a strong background and interest in commercial insurance (self-funded programs), relationships management, strategy, process development, leading presentations externally and internally and negotiation. This role reports directly to our SVP of Product Strategy.
What you will do:

Nurture SmithRx relationships with key contacts in the captive and reinsurancestop loss carrier community to drive strong relationships and increase understanding about our capabilities 
Leverage data analytics and economic modeling to drive conversations surrounding our unique pharmacy benefit offering
Drive opportunity growth by opening up new channels for the sales organization
Effectively collaborate with members of cross functional teams, Sales, Customer Success, Sales Ops, Partnerships, Strategy, Analytics, Product and Marketing teams
Create purpose-built content (playbooks, cheat sheets, job aides, objection handling, FAQs, etc.) to improve solution knowledge and support the sales process and
Facilitate meetings with strategic partners to understand our differentiators and to drive excitement about our value proposition
Content preparation and leading training will be critical
Develop and maintain intra-company relationships consistent with our values
Assist in demonstrating SmithRx client value that occurs with shared strategic partners and spreading the word across the practice when we deliver strong ROI and outcomes

What you will bring to SmithRx:

10 years self-funded experience working at a TPA, captive, or stop loss reinsurer 
4 years experience in captive, stop lossreinsurance 
Bachelors Degree
Experience in a high growth, fast changing environment
Ability to quickly understand complex internal processes and needs
Excellent poise and presentation skills, strong writing skills
Experience leveraging technology and tools
Adept at social selling and networking

What SmithRx Offers You: 

Highly competitive wellness benefits including Medical, Pharmacy, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance 
Flexible Spending Benefits 
401(k) Retirement Savings Program 
Short-term and long-term disability
Discretionary Time Off 
13 Paid Holidays
Wellness benefits- Spring Health, Gympass, and Headspace
Commuter Benefits 
Paid Parental Leave benefits
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Well stocked kitchen in office locations
Professional development and training opportunities 
