Who We Are:
SmithRx is a dynamic and rapidly growing Healthcare Tech startup that is venture-backed with a charter to transform the healthcare industry through innovative technology solutions. We are committed to revolutionizing the way healthcare is delivered and experienced, making it more efficient, accessible, and patient-centric. Our dedicated team of professionals is passionate about creating groundbreaking solutions that drive real change and improve lives. Our mission is to disrupt the expensive and inefficient Pharmacy Benefit Management (PBM) sector by building a next-generation drug acquisition application and platform driven by cutting-edge technology, innovative cost-saving tools, and best-in-class customer service. With hundreds of thousands of members onboarded since 2016, SmithRx has a solution that is resonating with clients all across the country.
We pride ourselves on our mission-driven and collaborative culture that inspires our employees to do their best work. We believe that the U.S healthcare system is in need of transformation, and we come to work each day dedicated to making that change a reality. At our core, we are guided by our company values:

Integrity: Do the right thing. Especially when its hard.
Courage: Embrace the challenge.
Together: Build bridges and lift up your colleagues.

Job Summary
We are looking for a Senior Director of Engineering - Application, leader to set the vision, strategize and execute on this next growth chapter of the company. 
As the Senior Director of Engineering - Application, you will play a pivotal role in our journey to reshape healthcare technology. You will lead a team of highly skilled engineers and leaders in building and enhancing our applications, using modern technologies and application toolsets. Your expertise will drive the development of scalable, reliable, secure, and high-performance full-stack application solutions and user-friendly portals. Expertise in application toolsets and languages (e.g., JavaScript, React, Go, Node.js) is required. If you are a strategic thinker, a visionary leader, and have a passion for building technology that matters, with skill to dive deep as needed, then we want you to join us.
What You Will Do:

Strategic Leadership:

Define and drive the application technical strategy, aligning it with the companys overall mission and objectives.
Collaborate with executive leadership to set the technical direction, make critical architectural decisions, and ensure alignment with business goals.
Lead the creation and execution of a long-term application development roadmap.
Lead by example by being hands on as needed e.g. actively contributing to the development efforts, writing code, and providing technical guidance.

Team Management:

Build, mentor, and lead a high-performing engineering team, fostering a culture of innovation, collaboration, and excellence. Be the embodiment of our  core values (courage, integrity, together)
Manage and develop engineering talent, providing guidance, mentorship, and growth opportunities.
Establish and maintain effective engineering processes and best practices.

Application Development:

Oversee the design, development, and maintenance of a scalable  reliable healthcare application  user experiences that supports exponential growth. Utilize your expertise in cutting-edge technologies and application toolsets and languages (e.g., JavaScript, React, Go etc) to guide the selection of the most suitable technologies applicable.
Ensure the solution is highly secure, compliant with industry regulations, and optimized for performance, low latency and scale.
Drive continuous improvement and innovation within the application,  incorporating and best practices to drive growth and experimentation with customer obsession and validation at every phase to meet the outcome. 

Cross-Functional Collaboration:

Collaborate with product management, design, and other cross-functional teams to ensure the platform aligns with product requirements and user needs.
Foster strong partnerships with stakeholders across the organization, facilitating seamless communication and cooperation.

Budget and Resource Management:

Manage the engineering budget, allocating resources effectively to meet project goals and timelines.
Assess technology and resource needs, making recommendations for investment or optimization.

Quality and Delivery:

Oversee the delivery of high-quality software solutions, ensuring they meet performance, security, and scalability requirements.
Monitor project timelines and milestones, taking proactive measures to address delays or roadblocks.


What You Will Bring To SmithRx:

Bachelors or advanced degree in Computer Science, Software Eng or related field. 
12-15 years of software development experience in application development.
5 years in a leadership or director role with experience building, leading, and maturing engineering teams of 50 eng in a startup andor corporate environment. Experience managing managers.
Proven track record in developing scalable, reliable, and secure high-traffic, mission-critical systems with ability to go deep and broad on technology. Metrics driven and passionate about rapid experimentation and improvement.
Extensive experience in driving operational excellence. implementing processes, best practices, and policies to create efficiencies during a time of massive growth.
Experience navigating through ambiguity while building strong relationships and trust with cross-functional leaders and stakeholders.
Excellent communication, strategic thinking, and problem-solving abilities. 
Expertise in application toolsets and languages (e.g., JavaScript, React, Go, Node.js).
Located in California or on PST timezone is a plus

What SmithRx Offers You: 

Total Rewards package that includes incentive bonus and stock options
Highly competitive wellness benefits including Medical, Pharmacy, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance 
Flexible Spending Benefits 
401(k) Retirement Savings Program 
Short-term and long-term disability
Discretionary Time Off 
13 Paid Holidays
Wellness benefits- Spring Health, Gympass, and Headspace
Commuter Benefits 
Paid Parental Leave benefits
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Well-stocked kitchen in office locations

If you are excited to be part of a dynamic team that is revolutionizing the healthcare industry and driving meaningful change, apply now to join us as a Senior Director of Application Engineering at SmithRx.
