Who We Are:
SmithRx is a rapidly growing, venture-backed Health-Tech company.  Our mission is to disrupt the expensive and inefficient Pharmacy Benefit Management (PBM) sector by building a next-generation drug acquisition platform driven by cutting edge technology, innovative cost saving tools, and best-in-class customer service.  With hundreds of thousands of members onboarded since 2016, SmithRx has a solution that is resonating with clients all across the country.
We pride ourselves for our mission-driven and collaborative culture that inspires our employees to do their best work. We believe that the U.S healthcare system is in need of transformation, and we come to work each day dedicated to making that change a reality. At our core, we are guided by our company values:

Integrity: Do the right thing. Especially when its hard.
Courage: Embrace the challenge.
Together: Build bridges and lift up your colleagues.

Job Summary:
As a supervisor for our Patient Access Team, you will be responsible for the operational efficiency of our team responsible for procuring medications through drug manufacturers and for enrollment of patient members in drug savings programs. Your team serves as our patient members advocate, and to guide them through the complex world of prescriptions to help them obtain medications in a cost-effective and timely manner. You will provide oversight in helping members get their medications through drug manufacturers in order to help meet organizational and operational KPIs, and to ensure customer satisfaction.
What you will do:

Directly manage, coach, and mentor a team of Patient Access Specialists, whose primary responsibility is to help members apply and enroll into patient assistance
Recruit and hire new team members 
Lead training and onboarding for all new team members
Provide day-to-day supervision, support, and escalation path for Patient Access Specialists on your team
Manage team to meet target KPIs associated with our patient advocate teams
Ensure efficient allocation of operational center resources and maintain high performance standards
Identify and drive areas for operational process improvements to support scale
Cross-functional collaboration with other departments

What you will bring to SmithRx:

At least 2 years of management experience in a health care setting
HS diploma or GED or equivalent work experience
Previous experience helping patientsmembers with healthcare 
Experience in conflict resolution
Passion for mentoring and helping team members with career pathing and skills enhancement
Solutions-oriented problem solver driven by creating operational efficiencies
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Experience working at a fast-growing startup is a plus
Previous experience with patient drug advocacy is a plus
Previous experience with healthcare, pharmacy benefits, andor claims processing a plus

What SmithRx Offers You: 

Highly competitive wellness benefits including Medical, Pharmacy, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance 
Flexible Spending Benefits 
401(k) Retirement Savings Program 
Short-term and long-term disability
Discretionary Time Off 
13 Paid Holidays
Wellness benefits- Spring Health, Gympass, and Headspace
Commuter Benefits 
Paid Parental Leave benefits
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Well-stocked kitchen in office locations
Professional development and training opportunities
