Who We Are:
SmithRx is a rapidly growing, venture-backed Health-Tech company.  Our mission is to disrupt the expensive and inefficient Pharmacy Benefit Management (PBM) sector by building a next-generation drug acquisition platform driven by cutting edge technology, innovative cost saving tools, and best-in-class customer service.  With hundreds of thousands of members onboarded since 2016, SmithRx has a solution that is resonating with clients all across the country.
We pride ourselves for our mission-driven and collaborative culture that inspires our employees to do their best work. We believe that the U.S healthcare system is in need of transformation, and we come to work each day dedicated to making that change a reality. At our core, we are guided by our company values:

Integrity: Do the right thing. Especially when its hard.
Courage: Embrace the challenge.
Together: Build bridges and lift up your colleagues.

Job Summary:
The Customer Success Team is focused on helping SmithRxs clients derive the full value of their PBM services. We build and manage effective relationships with our customers operational leadership, communicating the value of our services in the context of customers business goals with the goal of retaining high performing, satisfied customers. We proactively identify risks to client satisfaction proactively and collaborate across product and operational lines to tenaciously pursue solutions and advocate for our clients.
The Manager of Customer Success and Account Management is responsible for a team of individuals driving the ongoing attainment of outcomes, product adoption, and complete post-sale success and satisfaction of SmithRx customers. This role will serve as internal champion and quarterback, coordinating the cross functional approach required for sustained customer success and growth.  Key focus areas will include setting team goalspriorities, managing and improving the CSAT scores, enabling effective account coverage, and creating an inspiring team environment.
What you will do:

Establish clear team goalspriorities in alignment with broader Customer Success and Account Management strategy.
Enable customer success outcomes including reduced customer churn, revenue expansion opportunity identification, higher customer product adoption, customer satisfaction, and overall customer health scores.
Manage the achievement of key performance indicators for teams portfolio identified accounts.
Perform regular team member coaching and identify teams training opportunities
Manage portfolio of accounts toward optimal coverage targets by planning appropriate team capacity
Build trusting relationships with client operational leadership
Maintain a comprehensive understanding of business challenges faced by customers
Assist leadership with cross-functional project management to drive resolution for escalated client issues while coordinating internal and external teams as necessary
Identify product gaps by conducting business impact assessments and proactively manage client expectations
Assess and prioritize issues that may lead to client attrition risk and ensure a strong mitigation plan is established
Actively participate in the full interview and onboarding life cycle

What you will bring to SmithRx:

5 years in Customer Success Account Management leadership roles with direct reports required 
5 years of working knowledge of healthcare benefits pharmacy benefits commercial health insurance required
A positive, growth mindset with the ability to stay calm under pressure while driving towards solutions
An obsession with customer experience and customer satisfaction
A passion for solving difficult problems together in collaboration with the broader teams
Executive-level communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to effectively navigate and mediate conflict and foster honest dialogue
Experience in Client relationship management ensuring expectations and deliverables are documented and met, key stakeholders are informed, and client satisfaction is achieved
Ability to work independently as well as part of an extended, cross-functional team
Self-driven, results-oriented and disciplined work ethic
Ability to take initiative with little to no direction
Be transparent and honest in a positive, professional and polite manner
Expert conflict resolution skills
Highly effective communicator with a consultative and tactful approach; Ability  to observe situations and scenarios from the client or team members point of view
Ability to navigate unique and individual team member scenarios while providing coaching through day-to-day challenges, and mentoring through a long-term relationship-based approach to drive long term individual success
Bachelors or equivalent work experience required

What SmithRx Offers You: 

Highly competitive wellness benefits including Medical, Pharmacy, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance 
Flexible Spending Benefits 
401(k) Retirement Savings Program 
Short-term and long-term disability
Discretionary Time Off 
13 Paid Holidays
Wellness benefits- Spring Health, Gympass, and Headspace
Commuter Benefits 
Paid Parental Leave benefits
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Well-stocked kitchen in office locations
Professional development and training opportunities
