Who We Are
SmithRx is a rapidly growing, venture-backed Health-Tech company.  Our mission is to disrupt the expensive and inefficient Pharmacy Benefit Management (PBM) sector by building a next-generation drug acquisition platform driven by cutting edge technology, innovative cost saving tools, and best-in-class customer service.  With hundreds of thousands of members onboarded since 2016, SmithRx has a solution that is resonating with clients all across the country.
We pride ourselves for our mission-driven and collaborative culture that inspires our employees to do their best work. We believe that the U.S healthcare system is in need of transformation, and we come to work each day dedicated to making that change a reality. At our core, we are guided by our company values:

Integrity: Do the right thing. Especially when its hard.
Courage: Embrace the challenge.
Together: Build bridges and lift up your colleagues.

What You Will Do

Expert in developing test strategies, test environment setup, test data setup, test plans and test cases
Takes ownership of tasks and delivers without supervision while using their discretion to seek help when necessary.
Collaborates with the development and QA team in bug fixing and build plans.
Responsible for contributing to product vision including supportability and quality.
Provide technical leadership to team members while taking active part in the team tasks
Assigns tasks, reviews work and may contribute to employee performance appraisals
Work with internal teams, peers, and users to understand product requirements thus translating to successful software development 
Translates medium to high complexity business requirements to test scenarios and cases, user stories  acceptance criteria and actively seeks feedback by the stakeholders.
Strives towards improving the product quality by validating the product on supported stack, conformance to functionaltechnical specification, incorporating escape and internal defects into mainstream testing.
Create a standard framework for migrationupgrades, Functional Automation, Performance Testing and Security and Penetration Testing.
Develop automation strategy to support regression testing based on the technical analysis, complexity and reusability
Participates in developing a comprehensive testing strategy.
Develop and support automation scripts for performance testing - datasets, test scenarios etc.
Recommends new tools, techniques and methodologies needed to enhance productivity and quality.
Collaborate with product teams to strategize  align long term solutions for test automation including roadmap, tools, framework  approach.
Evaluate, select and formulate best usage of test automation tools and future alignment for different products and applications.
Presents technical documentation for review by peers and the Development teams..
Responds appropriately and competently to the demands of work challenges when confronted with changes, ambiguity, adversity, and other pressures.
Perceived as an expert  go-to person in multiple functional areas of the product.
Provides guidance to other QA engineers on different approaches to improve the test case density.
Develops quality software (code, test scenarios  cases etc.,) according to clean code principles, SOLID principles, Right BICEP principles and Blue Yonder standards.
Drives team activities such as backlog grooming, prioritization, refinement of story definition  acceptance criteria, estimates, planning, daily stand-ups, demos and retrospectives.
Evolves the continuous integration pipeline and fixes broken builds as necessary
Autonomously pulls issues from the team backlog or supports other team members with their issues as appropriate.
Keeps up to date with technology and research the latest trends in the industry.

What You Will Bring to SmithRx:

Must have implementation experience with TDD practices and with behavioral testing frameworks like Cucumber and testing languages like Gherkin.
Experience of developing in  LinuxUnix Operating systems and cloud computing platforms (AWS or Azure).
Experience driving quality through process, instrumentation, requirements and testing
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills.
Expert in communicating cross-functionally and across management levels in formal and informal settings.
Proficient in one of the DB such as PostgreSQL or SQL Server, Oracle andor NoSQL and SQL scripting.
Expert in creating and maintaining standard automation frameworks, working knowledge of CICD to support continuous automation and deployment process
Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing
Experience with performance andor security testing with tools like LoadRunner, Jmeter.
Experience in Containers (DockerKubernetes) based deployment and management.
Minimum of 10 years of overall experience in architecting  building real-time enterprise-level and multi-threaded systems and 5 years of hands-on experience testing REST API, Web applications in a microservices architecture and distributed cloud systems.
Minimum 3 years as a technical lead to QA engineering teams.
Relevant academic degree (CS CE  EE)
Experience in design, coding, integration, and debugging capabilities
Self-starter, enthusiastic proactive mindset
Should have experience in Functional testing of Web applications and APIs
Should have experience in writing automation scripts using CypressSelenium and executing them periodically.
Experience with Web Servers, Web Application Servers, Databases preferably AWS RDS, and data warehouses
Experience in writing SQL queries and demonstrable knowledge of database

What SmithRx Offers You:

Highly competitive wellness benefits including Medical, Pharmacy, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance 
Flexible Spending Benefits 
401(k) Retirement Savings Program 
Short-term and long-term disability
Discretionary Time Off 
13 Paid Holidays
Wellness benefits- Spring Health, Gympass, and Headspace
Commuter Benefits 
Paid Parental Leave benefits
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Well-stocked kitchen in office locations
