Who We Are:
SmithRx is a rapidly growing, venture-backed Health-Tech company.  Our mission is to disrupt the expensive and inefficient Pharmacy Benefit Management (PBM) sector by building a next-generation drug acquisition platform driven by cutting edge technology, innovative cost saving tools, and best-in-class customer service.  With hundreds of thousands of members onboarded since 2016, SmithRx has a solution that is resonating with clients all across the country.
We pride ourselves for our mission-driven and collaborative culture that inspires our employees to do their best work. We believe that the U.S healthcare system is in need of transformation, and we come to work each day dedicated to making that change a reality. At our core, we are guided by our company values of:

Do the right thing. Especially when its hard.
Embrace the challenge.
Build bridges and lift up your colleagues.

Job Summary:
As a Patient Access Specialist, you are responsible for assisting our patient members with obtaining critical medications. You serve as our patient members advocate and guide them through the complex world of prescriptions to help them obtain medications in a cost-effective and timely manner. You are the critical link between patient members, healthcare providers doctors, and pharmacies.  
What you will do:

Educate patient members about their pharmacy benefits and serve as a patient advocate to help them source necessary medications they need
Make outbound calls and assist patient members with enrollment in drug savings programs (copay cards, procurement via international sources)
Coordinate with patient members, physicians, drug manufacturers, and pharmacies with enrollment into copay card
Take inbound calls from members, providers, and pharmacies
Manage every call by accurately resolving the issue, demonstrating compassion, meeting compliance requirements, and ensuring a hassle-free experience for our members
Maintain impeccable documentation and follow-up of each member call
Provide empathetic support to members by phone, email, and other channels
Have a patient-centric mindset and a high sense of urgency to solve member requests

What you will bring to SmithRx:

Must be locally based as the role requires working onsite at our Lehi office. Potential to work from home on Fridays based on performance

Requires 100 attendance during training period


High School diploma or GED or equivalent preferred
Minimum 2 year(s) of experience in healthcare or pharmaceutical customer service or customer support or call center andor sales experience (inbound outbound calls) required
Proficiency in Mac, MS Office, G-Suite required
Active listening, conversational speaking skills, with a high degree of empathy
Self-starter with the ability to multitask, prioritize and manage time effectively
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to communicate clearly, present complex information to members, clients, pharmacies, and providers
Ability to organize and prioritize multiple deadlines and work independently, define problems as they arise, and work through them
Demonstrate problem-solving skills, information gathering, research, alternatives analysis, applying creative solutions to unique andor immediate issues
Passion for helping people

What SmithRx Offers You: 

Competitive pay - 22 per hour
Highly competitive wellness benefits including Medical, Pharmacy, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance 
Flexible Spending Benefits 
401(k) Retirement Savings Program 
Short-term and long-term disability
3 weeks paid time off
13 Paid Holidays
Wellness benefits- Spring Health, Gympass, and Headspace
Commuter Benefits 
Paid Parental Leave benefits
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Well stocked kitchen in office locations
Professional development and training opportunities
