Who We Are:
SmithRx is a rapidly growing, venture-backed Health-Tech company.  Our mission is to disrupt the expensive and inefficient Pharmacy Benefit Management (PBM) sector by building a next-generation drug acquisition platform driven by cutting edge technology, innovative cost saving tools, and best-in-class customer service.  With hundreds of thousands of members onboarded since 2016, SmithRx has a solution that is resonating with clients all across the country.
We pride ourselves for our mission-driven and collaborative culture that inspires our employees to do their best work. We believe that the U.S healthcare system is in need of transformation, and we come to work each day dedicated to making that change a reality. At our core, we are guided by our company values of:

Do the right thing. Especially when its hard.
Embrace the challenge.
Build bridges and lift up your colleagues.

Job Summary:
SmithRx is looking for a highly motivated member support team member who specializes in delivering world class customer service experiences while managing various channels of customer support: phone calls, chat, email, etc. The ideal candidate has extensive experience supporting multiple member interactions simultaneously. As a Multichannel Member Support Specialist, you will be instrumental in ensuring that members receive the best service possible regarding their pharmacy benefits.
What you will do:

Answer and support member interactions; ranging from but not limited to inbound  outbound calls, online chat, email, and text messaging to and from members, physicians and pharmacies while delivering a world class member experience.
Manage simultaneous interactions specific to online chat and text messaging
Follow-up, resolve, and document issues related to the member interaction. Route inquiries needing further investigation to the appropriate department and conduct routine research as needed.
Educate members about their pharmacy benefits.
Deliver world-class support experiences to our members by becoming an expert in the Pharmacy Benefits Management industry.
Demonstrate a patient centric mindset and a high sense of urgency to solve member requests.
Work with highly sensitive information while maintaining Personal Protected Information (PPI) and Health Insurance Portability  Accountability Act (HIPAA).
Work through complex triage pathways and identify the correct pathway to resolve customer issues. 

What you will bring:

Must be located locally as the role is a hybrid of onsite and remote
Requires 100 attendance during training period
HS Diploma, GED or equivalent
2 years experience working within call center required
2 years experience working with online chat interactions required
Proficiency in Mac, and Google Suite required
Active listening, conversational speaking skills, with a high degree of empathy
Ability to multitask
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Passion for helping people
Prior experience with Salesforce Service Cloud, Talkdesk or other CRM tools is preferred
Prior experience with benefits, employer benefits, insurance, prescriptions, medical billing, or experience at a pharmacy is preferred
Prior experience resolving complex issues within a call center environment is preferred
Must be able to commute to Plano, TX

What SmithRx Offers You:

Competitive pay: 22 per hour
Highly competitive wellness benefits including Medical, Pharmacy, Dental and Vision Insurance. SmithRx pays up to 90 for you and your family.
Fully paid Life insurance and Disability benefits
3 weeks PTO
401(k) Retirement Savings Program
Flexible Spending Benefits
Generous Paid Parental Leave benefits
Professional development, training and career growth opportunities
Well-stocked kitchen
Monday through Friday schedule with performance-based work from home model
Weekends and holidays are on a rotational basis
