Who We Are:
SmithRx is a rapidly growing, venture-backed Health-Tech company.  Our mission is to disrupt the expensive and inefficient Pharmacy Benefit Management (PBM) sector by building a next-generation drug acquisition platform driven by cutting edge technology, innovative cost saving tools, and best-in-class customer service.  With hundreds of thousands of members onboarded since 2016, SmithRx has a solution that is resonating with clients all across the country.
We pride ourselves for our mission-driven and collaborative culture that inspires our employees to do their best work. We believe that the U.S healthcare system is in need of transformation, and we come to work each day dedicated to making that change a reality. At our core, we are guided by our company values:

Integrity: Do the right thing. Especially when its hard.
Courage: Embrace the challenge.
Together: Build bridges and lift up your colleagues.

Job Summary:
Helping people is at the center of what we do at SmithRx. We are looking for a skilled candidate who can assist our members within our Member Support Team as a Bilingual Specialist. The ideal candidate writes and speaks Spanish fluently and professionally. They will also have an extensive background in customer service as a contact center representative and delivering world-class experiences. As a Bilingual Member Support Specialist, you will be instrumental in ensuring that members receive the best service possible regarding their pharmacy benefits.
What you will do:

Answer inbound calls and make outbound phone calls to and from members, physicians and pharmacies while delivering a world class member experience in both English and Spanish.
Follow-up, resolve, and document issues related to the member interaction. Route inquiries needing further investigation to the appropriate department and conduct routine research as needed.
Educate members about their pharmacy benefits.
Deliver a one-call resolution to our members by resolving inquires to full solution
Demonstrate a patient centric mindset and a high sense of urgency to solve member requests.
Work with highly sensitive information while maintaining Personal Protected Information (PPI) and Health Insurance Portability  Accountability Act (HIPAA).
Work through complex triage pathways and identify the correct pathway to resolve customer issues. 

What you will bring to SmithRx:

Must be locally based as the role requires working onsite at our Plano office. Hybrid office work from home rotation available based on performance

Requires 100 attendance during training period


2 years solid experience working within call center(s) in a bilingual (Spanish  English) role required
HS Diploma, GED or equivalent
Prior experience resolving complex issues within a call center environment is required
Proficiency in Mac, and Google Suite required
Monday through Friday work schedule, with rotating weekend and holiday shifts
Active listening, conversational speaking skills, with a high degree of empathy
Adept multitasking skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Passion for helping people
Prior experience with Salesforce Service Cloud, Talkdesk or other CRM tools is preferred
Prior experience with benefits, employer benefits, insurance, prescriptions, medical billing, or experience at a pharmacy is preferred

 What SmithRx offers You:

Competitive pay: 21.50 per hour
Highly competitive wellness benefits including Medical, Pharmacy, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance 
Flexible Spending Benefits 
401(k) Retirement Savings Program 
Short-term and long-term disability
3 weeks paid time off
13 Paid Holidays
Wellness benefits- Spring Health, Gympass, and Headspace
Commuter Benefits 
Paid Parental Leave benefits
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Well stocked kitchen in office locations
Professional development and training opportunities
