Company Overview:
Second Order Effects (SOE) is an engineering consultancy that transforms uncertainty into fully functional hardware and software. We work on projects at various stages of development and scope; we perform analysis, build prototypes, and take products to market. Our cross-disciplinary team solves critical problems across numerous industries, including automotive, aerospace, consumer electronics, industrial automation, biomedical, green energy, and marine. Our designs control rocket engines, manage satellite communications, generate safety-overrides for self-driving cars, and are enjoyed by consumers around the world.
Founded in 2016, Second Order Effects has 90 employees (and counting!) in offices in El Segundo, California and Redmond, Washington. Weve worked with 90 clients on 250 projects as a partner, on a retainer, or on demand, all of which have no involvement with weapons.How do we do this? We prioritize others, build the right thing, welcome difficulty, and play the long game. Learn more at soeffects.com!
Team Overview:
The Systems Integration and Test team is responsible for early stage product development, integration, and system testing  verification. Our team works in many of the disciplines involved with designing, assembling, and testing engineered systems. You will at times work closely with customers to achieve their end goals, while also periodically developing and supporting company infrastructure which improves the efficiency of our work and the quality of our project outputs.
Job Overview:
As a Test Software Developer, you will be primarily tasked with producing and improving software applications used with our in-house test systems, which we use for testing  verifying various hardware devices. You will work closely with project teams tackling these particular efforts, as well as the Integration  Test Team which grows, retains, and disseminates our knowledge on this subject across the company. You will also help enable future growth of the company as we establish product and service goals beyond our current work.
What You Will Do:

Work with project teams to develop, test, and deploy custom software and customized instances of software frameworks for use in performing hardware verification testing on SOE or client-designed devices
Develop features in our test software framework to support better reliability and performance, and add functionality to support new test  verification efforts
Create new tools and utilize existing tools for improving data recording, storage, review, analysis, annotation, and insight-gathering. 
Assist with the design and deployment of internal infrastructure that enables more automated, reliable, and modular test system development

What You Will Need:

Bachelors degree in a STEM field (e.g., Software Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, etc.) 
2 years of experience in a software development or engineering role (including internship, curricular, and project team experience)
Experience with object-oriented programming in Python andor C
Excellent communication skills for interfacing with internal engineering team and external suppliers and customers
Experience with shared repositories and version control to protect and organize development
Invested in reaching consensus when proceeding with a specific design implementation, with the ability to make decisions autonomously when required

What Would Be Useful:

Ability to parse  extract critical information from Equipment manuals, Integrated circuit datasheets, and electrical schematics
Experience with writing and configuring programmable test hardware such as Programmable Logic Controllers (PLCs) and Data Acquisition devices (DAQs) for use in either manual or automated testing environments
Experience progressing through a software development lifecycle, which could include scoping, planning, design, implementation, testing, documentation, delivery, andor maintenance
Experience with Agile development practices, using tools such as Jira to manage workloads 
Proficient in test-driven development, which includes developing and executing unit tests alongside code features
Experience introducing new systems or working through hardware bring up, ensuring that hardware and software interfaces mesh correctly
Experience with UnixLinux systems, including knowledge of kernel space operations and optimizations for real-time applications

Additional Requirements:

Applicant must be willing to work 40 hours a week on-site in El Segundo, California, USA
Applicant must be eligible to work on ITAR projects
Job Type: Full-time (Salary)

ITAR Requirements:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Unfortunately, we are unable to provide sponsorship at this time.

Benefits:

Compensation range of 80,000-110,000  equity incentive plan
100 employer-paid health insurance (Medical, Dental, Vision) for employees  50 dependent coverage
Flexible paid time off policy  11 paid holidays  12 paid sick days
401(k) retirement account and employer matching (Safe Harbor 4)
Hybrid working arrangements
Paid parental leave
Relocation assistance available if 50 miles away from the office
Electric Vehicle (EV) charging ports
Casual dress code
Daily catered lunches, snacks, and accessible kitchen
 more!

If you dont meet 100 of the preferred skills and experience, we encourage you to still apply!
Second Order Effects is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SOE is governed on the basis of excellence and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability, or any other legally protected status.