Company Overview:
Second Order Effects (SOE) is an engineering consultancy that transforms uncertainty into fully functional hardware and software. We work on projects at various stages of development and scope; we perform analysis, build prototypes, and take products to market. Our cross-disciplinary team solves critical problems across numerous industries, including automotive, aerospace, consumer electronics, industrial automation, biomedical, green energy, and marine. Our designs control rocket engines, manage satellite communications, generate safety-overrides for self-driving cars, and are enjoyed by consumers around the world. 
Founded in 2016, Second Order Effects has 90 employees (and counting!) in offices in El Segundo, California and Redmond, Washington. Weve worked with 90 clients on 250 projects as a partner, on a retainer, or on demand, all of which have no involvement with weapons.
How do we do this? We prioritize others, build the right thing, welcome difficulty, and play the long game. Learn more at soeffects.com!
Team Overview:
The Advanced Projects team is a cross-functional, multidisciplinary group that handles requirements-driven hardware development projects. We are focused on engineering design, developing custom electronics to fulfill our clients needs, and identifying the best components and techniques to implement the desired functionality, while emphasizing quality and reliability. Our projects tend to be larger, longer-term engagements, though team members often split time across multiple projects.
We are looking for people who know how to get things done, who are always looking to grow their capabilities and deepen their knowledge, and who challenge assumptions, constantly pushing for better solutions and finding novel approaches to problems old and new. If that sounds like you, youve come to the right place.
Job Overview
As an Electrical Engineering Manager, you will be a technical and people leader who loves mentoring and training a team and has a tenacious attitude towards problem solving and project execution. Ideally, you are an empathetic manager who can build and maintain teams, are excited to lead a technical team within a fast-paced engineering consulting organization, and will leverage your technical background to solve a wide variety of problems and tasks. 
What You Will Do:

Manage, mentor, and guide a team of engineers with diverse backgrounds
Set clear expectations and create a positive, supportive, and empowering work environment
Manage team resources and align the needs of the company with the capabilities and interest of the team
Support the development, deployment, and maintenance of design infrastructure for engineering teams
Collaborate with engineering, programs, and operations teams across the company to identify new opportunities
Resolve personnel and resourcing conflicts
Support performance reviews by providing actionable and effective feedback
Perform detailed technical review of electronics andor firmware designs
Lead recruiting, hiring, and on-boarding of team members
Foster collaboration and inclusion within the team
Manage the quality of engineering output of the team

What You Will Need:

Bachelors degree in an engineering, math, or science discipline
5 years in a technical electrical engineering design role for aerospace, consumer, medical, or industrial hardware and software
3 years in a project management or design lead role in an engineering or RD environment
Excellent communication skills (oral, verbal, written)
Experience writing technical requirements, managing engineering projects, and working with engineering teams
Familiarity with hardware development processes, architectures, and analysis

What Would Be Useful:

Masters degree (Mechanical  Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Math, or related field)
Experience working in a startuptechconsulting environment, prioritizing and managing numerous responsibilities concurrently
Experience in aerospace, automotive, consumer electronics, medical devices, or robotics industries
Familiarity with project engineering tools like Microsoft Project, Mavenlink, Smartsheet, Confluence, Jira, andor Trello
Experience with automated test systems or qualification testing for aerospace andor automotive
Thorough knowledge of computer architecture, software systems, networks, and electronics hardware
Familiarity with one or more aviation, medical, automotive, or industrial certification processes, including DO-178C, DO-160, ISO 26262, IEC 60601
Familiarity with software development flows and frameworks as well as core concepts of common programming languages (e.g., Python, C, C)
Experience with HDL and FPGA tools (e.g., Xilinx Vivado, Altera Quartus II, etc.)
Demonstrated experience leading and mentoring an engineering or project team
Experience with schematic and layout tools (e.g., Altium, PADs, Allegro PCB)

Additional Requirements:

Applicant must be willing to work 40 hours a week on-site in El Segundo, California, USA
Applicant must be eligible to work on ITAR projects
Job Type: Full-time (Salary)

ITAR Requirements:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Unfortunately, we are unable to provide sponsorship at this time.

Benefits:

Compensation range of 145,000-190,000  equity incentive plan
100 employer-paid health insurance (Medical, Dental, Vision) for employees  50 dependent coverage
Flexible paid time off policy  11 paid holidays  12 paid sick days
401(k) retirement account and employer matching (Safe Harbor 4)
Hybrid working arrangements
Paid parental leave
Relocation assistance available if 50 miles away from the office
Electric Vehicle (EV) charging ports
Casual dress code
Daily catered lunches, snacks, and accessible kitchen
 more!

If you dont meet 100 of the preferred skills and experience, we encourage you to still apply!
Second Order Effects is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SOE is governed on the basis of excellence and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability, or any other legally protected status.