Company Overview:
Second Order Effects (SOE) is an engineering consultancy that transforms uncertainty into fully functional hardware and software. We work on projects at various stages of development and scope; we perform analysis, build prototypes, and take products to market. Our cross-disciplinary team solves critical problems across numerous industries, including automotive, aerospace, consumer electronics, industrial automation, biomedical, green energy, and marine. Our designs control rocket engines, manage satellite communications, generate safety-overrides for self-driving cars, and are enjoyed by consumers around the world. 
Founded in 2016, Second Order Effects has 90 employees (and counting!) in offices in El Segundo, California and Redmond, Washington. Weve worked with 90 clients on 250 projects as a partner, on a retainer, or on demand, all of which have no involvement with weapons.
How do we do this? We prioritize others, build the right thing, welcome difficulty, and play the long game. Learn more at soeffects.com!
Team Overview:
SOEs Technical Operations team helps to turn complex ideas into reality by providing hands-on support to our clients and engineering core. The team employs a diverse array of skills to ensure the successful execution of projects, including soldering, PCBA rework, prototyping, and assembly. On this team, you will be exposed to a wide variety of problems, take ownership over process improvement initiatives, and will create a better workplace for everyone at SOE.
Job Overview:
As a Senior Engineering Technician, you will take ownership over the prototyping, production, and testing of projects across multiple industries and will subsequently enable the successful execution of these projects. The best-paths forward on SOE projects often need to be learned and invented on the spot, so ideally you will be a tenacious problem-solver who is passionate about taking ownership of tasks and carrying them through project completion. In this role, you will also help to build out the Technical Operations teams capabilities by providing technical mentorship, creating process improvements, and developing infrastructure.
What You Will Do:

Assemble, solder, inspect, program, and test electronic components (e.g., PCBAs, test racks, and custom hardware), wiring harnesses, and other assemblies
Assist in the design, build, analysis, and testing of electronic and electro-mechanical systems and related subsystems
Work with multidisciplinary engineering teams to design and prototype solutions to technical problems; assist engineers with assembling, testing and modifying hardware
Troubleshoot faulty equipment and repair to full functionality
Create and document procedures for testing, assembly, and related processes
Review tasks for quality and conformance to documented standards
Champion safe work practices and improve all safety procedures
Maintain a constant improvement and waste reduction mindset
Mentor other employees in both technical and general areas
Come up with creative solutions to complex problems

What You Will Need:

High school diploma or GED with:

Some application of technical skills outside of the classroom (examples: laboratory, research, extracurricular project teams, volunteering, personal projects, or internships)
Associates Degree, Bachelors Degree, and Trade School certification


OR 5 years of experience in a professional or Military technical role (please submit Military Occupational Specialty (MOS) document if this applies to you)
Expertise with electronic test equipment (DMM, supplies, oscilloscopes); familiarity with environmental test systems
Expertise in soldering electronic components (down to 0201 package size) and wires; Clear knowledge of materials and process
Ability to read, understand, and edit technical drawings
Ability to interface with diverse engineering teams and understandinterpret engineering terminology
Ability to use computer programs (e.g., Office suite, Messagingchat, File explorersrepositories, Web browsers, Wikis, etc.)
Ability to read reports and identify trends in failure modes
Understanding of mechanical assembly and rework, including basic hand tools
Experience with manufacturing processes (e.g., PCBA manufacturing, machining, conformal coat, etc.)
A willingness to share knowledge and mentor with the goal of growing our collective strengths and capabilities
Ability to take detailed notes that can be referenced at a later date
Desire to learn

What Would Be Useful:

Bachelors Degree in a STEM field with experience applying skills outside of the classroom (e.g., laboratory, research, extracurricular project teams, volunteering, personal projects or internship)
Experience with 1 or more programming languages for testing or test automation (e.g., Python, R, etc.)
Expertise in documenting and implementing complex and difficult rework in the electrical andor mechanical realms
Experience in understanding how engineering disciplines interact (e.g., Hardware, Mechanical, Firmware, and Software)
Experience in team-based design and build projects (e.g., Formula SAE, FIRST Robotics, Solar Car, CubeSat, Rover Challenge, etc.)
Experience with automated test systems or qualification testing for aerospace or automotive products
Experience with CADCAM software, andor 3D-printing
Experience interfacing with technical customers
Proficiency in creating technical instructions and documentation for engineering systems
IPC CID, CID certification

Additional Requirements:

Applicant must be willing to work 40 hours a week on-site in El Segundo, California, USA
Applicant must be eligible to work on ITAR projects
Job Type: Full-time (Salary)

ITAR Requirements:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Unfortunately, we are unable to provide sponsorship at this time.

Benefits:

Compensation range of 95,000-125,000  equity incentive plan
100 employer-paid health insurance (Medical, Dental, Vision) for employees  50 dependent coverage
Flexible paid time off policy  11 paid holidays  12 paid sick days
401(k) retirement account and employer matching (Safe Harbor 4)
Hybrid working arrangements
Paid parental leave
Relocation assistance available if 50 miles away from the office
Electric Vehicle (EV) charging ports
Casual dress code
Daily catered lunches, snacks, and accessible kitchen
 more!

If you dont meet 100 of the preferred skills and experience, we encourage you to still apply!
Second Order Effects is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SOE is governed on the basis of excellence and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability, or any other legally protected status.