







Company Overview:
Second Order Effects (SOE) is an engineering consultancy that transforms uncertainty into fully functional hardware and software. We work on projects at various stages of development and scope; we perform analysis, build prototypes, and take products to market. Our cross-disciplinary team solves critical problems across numerous industries, including automotive, aerospace, consumer electronics, industrial automation, biomedical, green energy, and marine. Our designs control rocket engines, manage satellite communications, generate safety-overrides for self-driving cars, and are enjoyed by consumers around the world. 
Founded in 2016, Second Order Effects has 90 employees (and counting!) in offices in El Segundo, California and Redmond, Washington. Weve worked with 90 clients on 250 projects as a partner, on a retainer, or on demand, all of which have no involvement with weapons.
How do we do this? We prioritize others, build the right thing, welcome difficulty, and play the long game. Learn more at soeffects.com!
Team Overview:
SOE Seattle is Second Order Effects first expansion office. Established in January 2022, SOE Seattles goals are to build an office with skills in mixed signal electrical design, signal processing firmware, and sensor systems. As an early member of the team, you will be pivotal in the success of this office and future expansions.
The Programs team is responsible for ensuring project success across the range of projects that SOE encounters. We work to improve project outcomes, maximize learning opportunities, identify new ways to support our clients, and drive efficiency of project execution. At the frontlines of every client engagement, we collect data on the efficacy of the SOE services engine to inform the development of seamless processes and to inform how groups like Engineering, Business Development, and Operations should spend their time across project execution, personal growth, and infrastructure development.
Job Overview:
As a Senior Technical Project Manager, you will work with our growing list of clients across a multitude of industries by bridging communication between engineers, customers, and other project stakeholders, both internally and beyond. At SOE, you will be put into new projects in unfamiliar fields where team success hinges on your ability to learn quickly and communicate complex subjects. Ideally, you are an empathetic manager with excellent analytical abilities, capable of building strong relationships and generating consensus. 
What You Will Do:

Lead core project teams in the execution of complex solutions to difficult problems
Facilitate gathering the right people together to answer key technical questions
Drive client and internal communication, including difficult conversations on scope, timeline and budget
Manage team morale, stress and time in order to maintain a healthy project culture and client relationship
Prepare reports and other documentation
Perform customer service role for projects, and work with the Business Development Team to manage client relationships 
Mange and track project budget, resourcing, and schedule across multiple teams and projects
Drive the creation of project budgets, work breakdowns, rough-order estimates, task prioritization, and integration plans
Assist in screening of candidates and contractors 
Participates in the development of internal PM tools, policies and best practices 

What You Will Need:

Bachelors degree (Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Math, Management, Business, or related fields)
5-7 years experience working as a project manager in a related field 
Familiarity with the labor breakdown and execution of engineering projects and project planning
Excellent verbal and written communication skills on technical topics
Ability to recognize project risk, scope creep, and missing critical requirements
High level of organization and responsiveness
Ability to implement low-overhead systems to track work and effort
Familiarity with project management tools, such as Microsoft Project, Mavenlink, Jira, Confluence, etc.

What Would Be Useful:

Direct experience in technical electrical engineering project management
Demonstrated project leadership experience in a team setting
Experience developing and deploying infrastructure and process improvements
Familiarity with formal project accounting and reporting
Experience with electrical engineering design work and solid knowledge of embedded systems, firmware, power electronics, analog control, andor discrete logic design
Experience with mechanical systems and packaging for aerospace, automotive, andor consumer electronics products
Familiarity with quality management systems and practices, such as AS9100 or ISO
Experience with test systems andor qualification testing for aerospace, automotive, andor medical projects
Familiarity with software development flows and frameworks and core concepts of common programming languages (e.g., Python, C, C, etc.)

Additional Requirements:

Applicant must be willing to work 40 hours a week on-site in Redmond, Washington, USA
Applicant must be eligible to work on ITAR projects
Job Type: Full-time (Salary)

ITAR Requirements:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Unfortunately, we are unable to provide sponsorship at this time.

Benefits:

Compensation range of 140,000-180,000  equity incentive plan
100 employer-paid health insurance (Medical, Dental, Vision) for employees  50 dependent coverage
Flexible paid time off policy  11 paid holidays  12 paid sick days
401(k) retirement account and employer matching (Safe Harbor 4)
Hybrid working arrangements
Paid parental leave
Relocation assistance available if 50 miles away from the office
Casual dress code
Daily catered lunches, snacks, and accessible kitchen
 more!

If you dont meet 100 of the preferred skills and experience, we encourage you to still apply!
Second Order Effects is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SOE is governed on the basis of excellence and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability, or any other legally protected status.







