Company Overview:
Second Order Effects (SOE) is an engineering consultancy that transforms uncertainty into fully functional hardware and software. We work on projects at various stages of development and scope; we perform analysis, build prototypes, and take products to market. Our cross-disciplinary team solves critical problems across numerous industries, including automotive, aerospace, consumer electronics, industrial automation, biomedical, green energy, and marine. Our designs control rocket engines, manage satellite communications, generate safety-overrides for self-driving cars, and are enjoyed by consumers around the world. 
Founded in 2016, Second Order Effects has 90 employees (and counting!) in offices in El Segundo, California and Redmond, Washington. Weve worked with 90 clients on 250 projects as a partner, on a retainer, or on demand, all of which have no involvement with weapons.
How do we do this? We prioritize others, build the right thing, welcome difficulty, and play the long game. Learn more at soeffects.com!
Team Overview:
While mechanical engineering is SOEs youngest discipline, the teams roots stretch back to the very beginning when SOE made a name for itself developing cutting edge products such as RF combiners that use custom copper-tungsten elements and phased-array speakers in acoustically-optimized enclosures. This close coupling of electrical and mechanical design persists, and as the scope and complexity of our projects has continued to grow so do the demands on our mechanical engineering team.
Being a part of the mechanical engineering team today is like working for a startup inside a larger company - a highly collaborative environment within the team, constant interdisciplinary interfacing, investment in developing each other and ourselves, and personal ownership and accountability for our work. We look forward to welcoming you to the team!
Job Overview:
As the Mechanical Engineering Manager, you will be responsible for the development and maturation of the mechanical engineering team and discipline at SOE. This will require you to work with senior leadership to develop a roadmap for how the team will grow and drive new core competencies aimed towards the long-term success of SOE, supporting not only execution of projects but also the business development and hiringtraining pipelines. You will be responsible for the professional development of the team members, facilitate infrastructure creation and maintenance, and are expected to support the team as an individual contributor and subject matter expert.
What You Will Do:

Design and champion a roadmap geared towards turning the Mechanical team into a defined business unit for the company 
Manage, mentor, and guide the Mechanical team and mature the teams current core competencies and skill sets
Strategically develop and invest in infrastructure that will enable the growth and success of the Mechanical team 
Aid in the creation of a hiring pipeline and hiring process for the Mechanical team 
Partner with Business Development to identify new opportunities and scope mechanical work 
Collaborate with marketing to classify and showcase SOEs mechanical capabilities
Set clear expectations for the Mechanical team and effectively manage resources to enable team efficiency 
Create processes geared towards training and professional development for the Mechanical team
Collaborate with senior leadership to set company-wide engineering strategies 

What You Will Need:

Bachelors degree (Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or related field)
5 years in a technical project management or design leadership role in an engineering or RD environment 
Proficiency in executing engineering projects involving end-to-end mechanical and electrical system design
Experience writing technical requirements, managing engineering projects, and working with engineering teams
High level of organization and excellent communications skills
Ability to recognize project risk, scope creep, and missing critical requirements
Ability to synthesize and communicate technical information to non-technical stakeholders

What Would Be Useful

Experience working in a startuptechconsulting environment, prioritizing and managing multiple responsibilities concurrently 
Experience in aerospace, automotive, consumer electronics, medical devices, or robotics industries 
Proficiency in mathematical hand calculation analysis, finite element analyses (FEA), and computer-aided designs (CAD)
Experience with steady state and dynamic thermal and structural analyses (e.g., pressure loads, random vibe, shock, etc.)
Familiarity with one or more aviation, medical, automotive, or industrial certification processes including DO-178C, DO-160, ISO 26262, IEC 60601
Experience with electronics packaging, custom actuators, and mechanism designs
Experience with electrical engineering design work and knowledge of embedded systems, firmware, power electronics, analog control, and discrete logic design 
Experience with automated test systems or qualification testing for aerospace, medical, or automotive 

Additional Requirements:

Applicant must be willing to work 40 hours a week on-site in El Segundo, California, USA
Applicant must be eligible to work on ITAR projects
Job Type: Full-time (Salary)

ITAR Requirements:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Unfortunately, we are unable to provide sponsorship at this time.

Benefits:

Compensation range of 135,000-180,000  equity incentive plan
100 employer-paid health insurance (Medical, Dental, Vision) for employees  50 dependent coverage
Flexible paid time off policy  11 paid holidays  12 paid sick days
401(k) retirement account and employer matching (Safe Harbor 4)
Hybrid working arrangements
Paid parental leave
Relocation assistance available if 50 miles away from the office
Electric Vehicle (EV) charging ports
Casual dress code
Daily catered lunches, snacks, and accessible kitchen
 more!

If you dont meet 100 of the preferred skills and experience, we encourage you to still apply!
Second Order Effects is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SOE is governed on the basis of excellence and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability, or any other legally protected status.