
Company Overview:
Second Order Effects (SOE) is an engineering consultancy that transforms uncertainty into fully functional hardware and software. We work on projects at various stages of development and scope; we perform analysis, build prototypes, and take products to market. Our cross-disciplinary team solves critical problems across numerous industries, including automotive, aerospace, consumer electronics, industrial automation, biomedical, green energy, and marine. Our designs control rocket engines, manage satellite communications, generate safety-overrides for self-driving cars, and are enjoyed by consumers around the world. 
Founded in 2016, Second Order Effects has 90 employees (and counting!) in offices in El Segundo, California and Redmond, Washington. Weve worked with 90 clients on 250 projects as a partner, on a retainer, or on demand, all of which have no involvement with weapons.
How do we do this? We prioritize others, build the right thing, welcome difficulty, and play the long game. Learn more at soeffects.com!
Team Overview:
The Advanced Projects team is a cross-functional, multidisciplinary group that handles requirements-driven hardware development projects. We are focused on engineering design, developing custom electronics to fulfill our clients needs, and identifying the best components and techniques to implement the desired functionality, while emphasizing quality and reliability. Our projects tend to be larger, longer-term engagements, though team members often split time across multiple projects.
We are looking for people who know how to get things done, who are always looking to grow their capabilities and deepen their knowledge, and who challenge assumptions, constantly pushing for better solutions and finding novel approaches to problems old and new. If that sounds like you, youve come to the right place.
Job Overview:
As an Electrical Engineer (Power Electronics), you will find the best solutions and implementations for the problems at hand by considering both hardware- and software-based approaches. You are an enthusiastic problem solver who can learn, invent, and execute creative solutions to drive forward difficult projects to ensure success.
What You Will Do:

Drive design efforts for high-power electronic systems, including architecture and implementation details
Take ownership of technical projects from schematic capture and PCB layout through hardware bring-up and troubleshooting with clients
Perform component selection and trade studies of different implementation options to best generate and satisfy design requirements
Design load drivers (including motor and solenoid valve drivers)
Design power supplies and converters (including DCDC switching regulators, isolated supplies, stability, noise, and characterization)
Circuit simulation and thermal analysis of designs, including sizing of thermal management systems
Create documentation for electronic hardware and systems
Drive interface definition, connector selection, and harness drawing reviews
Interface with internal teams and external clients to conduct design reviews for high-power systems and subsystems
Write and execute test plans for device validation and performance characterization

What You Will Need:

Bachelors Degree (Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Math, related field)
3 years of experience in power electronics with a demonstrated passion for engineering and technology development
Excellent written and verbal technical communication skills; ability to explain technical concepts and their implications to non-technical audiences
Experience in any common ECAD tool, such as Altium Designer, KiCad, Cadence, PADS, EAGLE, etc.
Experience in designing, modeling, simulation, and testing of power electronics
Experience with thermal analysis of electronic circuits, thermal management solutions, and environmental testing to validate assumptions and characterize performance
Excellent grasp of DC-DCAC-DC circuit topologies and the ability to select optimal architectures and components
Familiarity with analog small-signal circuit design (filters, op-amp circuits, signal conditioning) 

What Would Be Useful:

Masters degree (Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Math, related field) or 5 years of relevant experience
Experience in a team-based design and build project (e.g., Formula SAE, Solar Car, CubeSat, etc.)
End-to-end electronics design experience: taking designs from requirements generation through schematic, layout, fabrication, and hardware bringup
Working experience with power distribution networks for high frequency applications and kW level power electronics (e.g., DC-DC, AC-DC conversion, etc.)
Experience in voltage and current mode control, compensation design, and power factor correction (PFC)
Familiarity with analog control and discrete logic design, power supply testing, and packaging for aerospace, automotive, andor consumer electronics products
Knowledge of PCB fabrication and assembly process, design for manufacture and design for assembly (DFM  DFA), familiarity with IPC andor JEDEC standards
Experience interfacing with PCB and assembly vendors to have designs fabricated
Large-format or high-density or high-layer-count PCB design experience, preferably for aerospace, automotive, medical, or other high-reliability applications
Expertise with Altium Designer or KiCad
Familiarity with lithium-ion battery handling, safety, and usage
Familiarity with Python andor MATLAB for data parsing and signal analysis
Familiarity with LTSpice for circuit simulation
Familiarity with Git and SVN for revision control

Additional Requirements:

Applicant must be willing to work 40 hours a week on-site in El Segundo, California, USA
Applicant must be eligible to work on ITAR projects
Job Type: Full-time (Salary)

ITAR Requirements:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Unfortunately, we are unable to provide sponsorship at this time.

Benefits:

Compensation range of 90,000-130,000  equity incentive plan
100 employer-paid health insurance (Medical, Dental, Vision) for employees  50 dependent coverage
Flexible paid time off policy  11 paid holidays  12 paid sick days
401(k) retirement account and employer matching (Safe Harbor 4)
Hybrid working arrangements
Paid parental leave
Relocation assistance available if 50 miles away from the office
Electric Vehicle (EV) charging ports
Casual dress code
Daily catered lunches, snacks, and accessible kitchen
 more!

If you dont meet 100 of the preferred skills and experience, we encourage you to still apply!
Second Order Effects is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SOE is governed on the basis of excellence and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability, or any other legally protected status.
