Company Overview:
Second Order Effects (SOE) is an engineering consultancy that transforms uncertainty into fully functional hardware and software. We work on projects at various stages of development and scope; we perform analysis, build prototypes, and take products to market. Our cross-disciplinary team solves critical problems across numerous industries, including automotive, aerospace, consumer electronics, industrial automation, biomedical, green energy, and marine. Our designs control rocket engines, manage satellite communications, generate safety-overrides for self-driving cars, and are enjoyed by consumers around the world.
Founded in 2016, Second Order Effects has 90 employees (and counting!) in offices in El Segundo, California and Redmond, Washington. As a partner, on retainer, or on demand, weve worked with 90 clients on 250 projects, none of which involve weapons.
How do we do this? We prioritize others, build the right thing, welcome difficulty, and play the long game. Learn more at soeffects.com!
Team Overview:
The Systems Integration and Test team is responsible for early stage product development, integration, and system testing  verification. Our team works in many of the disciplines involved with designing, assembling, and testing engineered systems. You will at times work closely with customers to achieve their end goals, while also periodically developing and supporting company infrastructure which improves the efficiency of our work and the quality of our project outputs.
Job Overview:
As a Senior Test Software Engineer, you will be responsible for ensuring the success of software applications used with our in-house test systems, which we use for testing  verifying various hardware devices. You will report to project teams tackling these particular efforts, as well as the Integration  Test Team which grows, retains, and disseminates our knowledge on this subject across the company. You will be expected to be responsible for and proactively supporting  future growth of the company as we establish product and service goals beyond our current work, and will be leading efforts to implement improved tools, practices, and partnerships.
What You Will Do:

Own and architect test software systems end-to-end, which will include scoping, requirements management, design, implementation and test, documentation, and maintenance
Identify risks or bottlenecks in our first and third party tools based on user and customer feedback, and implementorchestrate plans to repair, replace, or bypass these issues
Advise and review other software efforts at SOE, providing feedback on architecture, design decisions, integration, performance and scalability
Work with the SOE marketing, Business Development, and System Engineering teams to identify future opportunities for streamlining within our Test Engineering projects, and designdevelop prototype tools for this purpose
Assist with SOE DevOps efforts, and mentor team members through collaboration, code reviews, refining our development practices, and leading by example

What You Will Need:

6 years experience in a software development or software engineering role (including university experiences)
Bachelors Degree (Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Math, related field)
Proficiency in Python and C. knowledge of low-level behavior and best practices
A history of project creation, ownership, and success; the skills to successfully engage with internal and external stakeholders on proposals for development efforts
Strong abilities to communicate practices and explanations to both fellow engineers and external clients
Experience with Agile software development, version control systems for software storage, test-driven development, and effective software review and release practices
Proficiency and interest in mentoring and educating team members about software systems and Test Engineering practices where 

What Would Be Useful:

A disciplined, methodical, minimalist approach to designing and constructing layered software components that can be embedded within larger frameworks or applications
Ability to parse  extract critical information from mechanical drawings, equipment and integrated circuit datasheetstechnical manuals, engineering reports, and electrical schematics
Experience developing a mechanical- or electrical-based product through a full design cycle, from development and prototyping to manufacturing and testing
Experience with continuous integration systems, unit tests, static and dynamic profiling, code coverage, code analysis, and automated tests
Solid understanding of fundamental mechanical or electrical engineering principles
Experience with developing aerospace, medical, energy storage, or automotive electrical systems, and the certification bodies, standards, and cert procedures respective to these fields

Additional Requirements:

Applicant must be able to work 40 hours a week on-site in El Segundo, California, USA
Applicant must be eligible to work on ITAR projects
Job Type: Full-time (Salary)

ITAR Requirements:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Unfortunately, we are unable to provide sponsorship at this time.

Benefits:

Compensation range of 120,000-160,000  equity incentive plan
100 employer-paid health insurance (Medical, Dental, Vision) for employees  50 dependent coverage
Flexible paid time off policy  11 paid holidays  12 paid sick days
401(k) retirement account and employer matching (Safe Harbor 4)
Hybrid working arrangements
Paid parental leave
Relocation assistance available if 50 miles away from the office
Electric Vehicle (EV) charging portsCasual dress code
Daily catered lunches, snacks, and accessible kitchen
 more!

If you dont meet 100 of the preferred skills and experience, we encourage you to still apply!
Second Order Effects is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SOE is governed on the basis of excellence and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability, or any other legally protected status.