Company Overview:
Second Order Effects (SOE) is an engineering consultancy that transforms uncertainty into fully functional hardware and software. We work on projects at various stages of development and scope; we perform analysis, build prototypes, and take products to market. Our cross-disciplinary team solves critical problems across numerous industries, including automotive, aerospace, consumer electronics, industrial automation, biomedical, green energy, and marine. Our designs control rocket engines, manage satellite communications, generate safety-overrides for self-driving cars, and are enjoyed by consumers around the world. 
Founded in 2016, Second Order Effects has 90 employees (and counting!) in offices in El Segundo, California and Redmond, Washington. Weve worked with 90 clients on 250 projects as a partner, on a retainer, or on demand, all of which have no involvement with weapons.
How do we do this? We prioritize others, build the right thing, welcome difficulty, and play the long game. Learn more at soeffects.com!
Team Overview:
The Operations Team oversees overall company project and financial success by measuring performance, deploying business processes, and maintaining infrastructure in order to promote top line company objectives, including growth, profitability, quality, and efficiency. Members come from a range of backgrounds and are typically generalists by training and by preference. Successful Operations Team members have skills in critical thinking, communication, financial literacy, process improvement, data analysis, strategic forecasting, and understanding each department, which allows the Operations Team to identify company-wide issues and propose solutions.
Job Overview:
As a Controller, you will own various aspects of operations, finance, and internal company infrastructure as well as have a tenacious attitude to problem solving and project execution. You will also be an enthusiastic ambassador for SOE, care deeply about company growth, and be excited to work in an engineering consulting environment.
What You Will Do:

Manage, coordinate, and prepare financial statements (in accordance with GAAP) to help drive decision-making
Produce timely financial analyses for capital investments, pricing decision, and contract negotiations
Manage all finance and accounting functions including but not limited to AR, AP, GL, financial reporting
Work closely with senior leadership to drive company strategy, execution, and results
Manage Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable
Oversee audit, tax, compliance and other operational functions as needed
Oversee the bookkeeping process
Formulate, maintain and analyze company budgets
Drive improvement and effectiveness of accounting software, processes, and infrastructure
Develop KPIs and build financial models
Learn about SOE and our projects in order to be knowledgeable when interfacing with technical individuals

What You Will Need:

Bachelors Degree (Business, Accounting, Finance, Engineering, Physics, Economics, Math, Business, Statistics, or related field)
5 years of experience in a finance or accounting role 
Analytical and quantitative problem solving skills
Excellent communication skills (presentation, verbal, written, numerical)
Ability to manage sensitive and confidential financial or personal information
Ability to learn quickly and a curiosity for engineering
High level of empathy and patience with others
High level of organization and attention to detail

What Would Be Useful:

Masters degree (MBA, Engineering or related field)
Experience working in a startuptechconsulting environment, prioritizing and managing numerous responsibilities concurrently
Cost Accounting and FARDFAR requirements
Demonstrated experience driving business performance and process improvements
Experience in aerospace, automotive, consumer electronics, medical devices, or robotics industries
Demonstrated ability working independently and in large multidisciplinary teams 
Understanding of the technical requirements, engineering projects, and working with engineering teams
Ability to travel 10 of the time for meetings or other needs

Additional Requirements:

Applicant must be willing to work 40 hours a week on-site in El Segundo, California, USA
Applicant must be eligible to work on ITAR projects
Job Type: Full-time (Salary)

ITAR Requirements:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Unfortunately, we are unable to provide sponsorship at this time.

Benefits:

Compensation range of 130,000-200,000  equity incentive plan
100 employer-paid health insurance (Medical, Dental, Vision) for employees  50 dependent coverage
Flexible paid time off policy  11 paid holidays  12 paid sick days
401(k) retirement account and employer matching (Safe Harbor 4)
Hybrid working arrangements
Paid parental leave
Relocation assistance available if 50 miles away from the office
Electric Vehicle (EV) charging ports
Casual dress code
Daily catered lunches, snacks, and accessible kitchen
 more!

If you dont meet 100 of the preferred skills and experience, we encourage you to still apply!
Second Order Effects is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SOE is governed on the basis of excellence and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability, or any other legally protected status.