Company Overview:
Second Order Effects (SOE) is an engineering consultancy that transforms uncertainty into fully functional hardware and software. We work on projects at various stages of development and scope; we perform analysis, build prototypes, and take products to market. Our cross-disciplinary team solves critical problems across numerous industries, including automotive, aerospace, consumer electronics, industrial automation, biomedical, green energy, and marine. Our designs control rocket engines, manage satellite communications, generate safety-overrides for self-driving cars, and are enjoyed by consumers around the world.
Founded in 2016, Second Order Effects has 90 employees (and counting!) in offices in El Segundo, California and Redmond, Washington. Weve worked with 90 clients on 250 projects as a partner, on a retainer, or on demand, all of which have no involvement with weapons.
How do we do this? We prioritize others, build the right thing, welcome difficulty, and play the long game. Learn more at soeffects.com!
Team Overview:
SOE Seattle is Second Order Effects first expansion office. Established in January 2022, SOE Seattles goals are to build an office with skills in mixed signal electrical design, signal processing firmware, and sensor systems. As an early member of the team, you will be pivotal in the success of this office and future expansions.
Job Overview:
As a Senior Systems IntegrationTest Software Engineer, you will own the development, maintenance, and deployment of SOEs software library for custom test equipment.  You will interface with teams across both offices, design and test custom electrical systems, and will build internal infrastructure with respect to software best practices. Ideally, you are an enthusiastic problem solver who can create and implement creative technical strategies to ensure overall project success. 
What You Will Do:

Develop automation frameworks and invent new tools that enable more frequent and reliable software deployment, test execution, and data analysis as part of our continuous integration and release system
Create and test code for aerospace, automotive, and consumer electronics projects (including rockets, satellites, robotic systems and more!) using simulated hardware, HITLHOOTL systems, and a variety of testing environments
Develop software for hardware systems to evaluate the performance of custom hardware
Perform hands-on integration and troubleshooting of hardwaresoftware systems
Analyze test results and root cause bugs that require in-depth investigations by monitoring real-time output and data review tools
Provide meaningful contributions to clients for environmental test systems and help drive decisions for projects in a variety of different industries
Design and maintain standard software to be deployed on automated test systems

What You Will Need:

6 years experience in a software engineering or software design, or engineering role (including internship, curricular, and project team experience)
Experience with Python or C
Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, technology, math, or science discipline
Proven track record of project ownership
High level of autonomy when solving problems with a willingness to seek out knowledge and assistance when needed
Excellent communication skills for interfacing with internal engineering teams and external suppliers and customers
Experience with hands-on assembly of basic mechanical systems for customer or internal use
Experience in software development lifecycle
Experience in supporting, maintaining, and documenting software functionality
Familiarity with version control software (e.g. Git)
Experience with data acquisition hardware and software in hands-on testing environments
Experience mentoring and leading junior engineers through software development

What Would Be Useful:

Experience with reading and understanding mechanical drawings, datasheets and technical manuals, engineering reports, and electrical schematics
Experience with control system logic (PID, PLC) for interfacing with test equipment and hardware
Experience developing a mechanical- or electrical-based product through a full design cycle, from development and prototyping to manufacturing and testing
Solid understanding of fundamental mechanical or electrical engineering principles
Experience integrating software into hardware
Experience with UnixLinux systems, with emphasis on multicore systems andor lightweight embedded systems
Knowledge or experience in aerospace, medical, or automotive electrical systems, assembly, and test

Additional Requirements:

Applicant must be able to work 40 hours a week on-site in Redmond, Washington, USA
Applicant must be eligible to work on ITAR projects
Job Type: Full-time (Salary)

ITAR Requirements:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Unfortunately, we are unable to provide sponsorship at this time.

Benefits: 

Compensation range of 120,000-160,000  equity incentive plan
100 employer-paid health insurance (Medical, Dental, Vision) for employees  50 dependent coverage
Flexible paid time off policy  11 paid holidays  12 paid sick days
401(k) retirement account and employer matching (Safe Harbor 4)
Hybrid working arrangements
Paid parental leave
Relocation assistance available if 50 miles away from the office
Electric Vehicle (EV) charging ports
Casual dress code
Daily catered lunches, snacks, and accessible kitchen
 more!

If you dont meet 100 of the preferred skills and experience, we encourage you to still apply!Second Order Effects is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SOE is governed on the basis of excellence and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability, or any other legally protected status.