Company Overview:
Second Order Effects (SOE) is an engineering consultancy that transforms uncertainty into fully functional hardware and software. We work on projects at various stages of development and scope; we perform analysis, build prototypes, and take products to market. Our cross-disciplinary team solves critical problems across numerous industries, including automotive, aerospace, consumer electronics, industrial automation, biomedical, green energy, and marine. Our designs control rocket engines, manage satellite communications, generate safety-overrides for self-driving cars, and are enjoyed by consumers around the world. 
Founded in 2016, Second Order Effects has 90 employees (and counting!) in offices in El Segundo, California and Redmond, Washington. Weve worked with 90 clients on 250 projects as a partner, on a retainer, or on demand, all of which have no involvement with weapons.
How do we do this? We prioritize others, build the right thing, welcome difficulty, and play the long game. Learn more at soeffects.com!
Team Overview:
As the mechanical team rapidly expands, each addition to the team has an immediate and meaningful impact on the team and company. Our work often entails learning and inventing over the course of a project, and you will be awarded support, trust, and autonomy to do so. The mechanical team is a collaborative group with a passion for wading into uncharted territories. 
Job Overview:
As a Mechanical Engineer, Senior, you will be part of a core SOE team and support all of the projects by designing enclosures, mechanisms, and custom parts for customers. Ideally, you are forward thinking and have solid experience carrying projects from whiteboard design through fabrication and test. Additionally, you must effectively communicate technical concepts to all audiences and balance creativity and technical foundations, as innovation requires both.
What You Will Do:

Oversee mechanical projects as the responsible authority, working closely with other engineering disciplines and customers to plan, coordinate, and execute on deliverables
Ideate within a multi-disciplinary team to generate producible solutions that meet project requirements
Provide hands-on leadership to the engineering team, including technical guidance, development strategy, resourcing, and business support
Design and model complex integrated 3D assemblies and produce robust engineering drawings
Select materials, processes, and finishes best suited for the application of the project and the industry
Develop test setups and environments to evaluate the integrity of hardware and accuracy of analyses
Drive technical efforts and teams through the lifecycle of a product development
Communicate designs, analyses, solutions, ideas, challenges, and progress effectively and accurately to the team and customers
Deliver articulate and comprehensive documentation, reports, and presentations as part of technical design reviews and customer proposals
Mentor and motivate other engineers and team members, fostering a constructive and rewarding culture

What You Will Need:

Bachelors Degree (Mechanical Engineering, Physics, Math, related field)
5 years of experience in mechanical engineering design and system development
Demonstrated passion for engineering and technology development
Experience in modeling, simulation, and testing of electro-mechanical components or assemblies
Experience with a myriad of manufacturing processes such as machining, injection molding, water jetting, electro-discharge machining, and 3D printing
Solid understanding and application of GDT

What Would Be Useful:

Masters degree (Mechanical  Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Math, related field)
Leadership experience in team-based design and project management
Steady state and dynamic thermal analysis of electronic devices with CFD modeling software
Solidworks design tool for modelling and analyzing complex systems
Proficiency in mathematical back of the envelope hand calculation analysis, finite element analyses (FEA), and computer-aided designs (CAD)
Ability to analyze and estimate structural loading from environmental sources
Experience with fatigue and thermal testing of electro-mechanical assemblies
Understanding of Electrical Engineering fundamentals and design experience with simple circuits using op amps, ICs, and discrete components

Additional Requirements:

Applicant must be willing to work 40 hours a week on-site in El Segundo, California, USA
Applicant must be eligible to work on ITAR projects
Job Type: Full-time (Salary)

ITAR Requirements:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Unfortunately, we are unable to provide sponsorship at this time.

Benefits:

Compensation range of 135,000-175,000  equity incentive plan
100 employer-paid health insurance (Medical, Dental, Vision) for employees  50 dependent coverage
Flexible paid time off policy  11 paid holidays  12 paid sick days
401(k) retirement account and employer matching (Safe Harbor 4)
Hybrid working arrangements
Paid parental leave
Relocation assistance available if 50 miles away from the office
Electric Vehicle (EV) charging ports
Casual dress code
Daily catered lunches, snacks, and accessible kitchen
 more!

If you dont meet 100 of the preferred skills and experience, we encourage you to still apply!
Second Order Effects is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SOE is governed on the basis of excellence and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability, or any other legally protected status.