Company Overview:
Second Order Effects (SOE) is an engineering consultancy that transforms uncertainty into fully functional hardware and software. We work on projects at various stages of development and scope; we perform analysis, build prototypes, and take products to market. Our cross-disciplinary team solves critical problems across numerous industries, including automotive, aerospace, consumer electronics, industrial automation, biomedical, green energy, and marine. Our designs control rocket engines, manage satellite communications, generate safety-overrides for self-driving cars, and are enjoyed by consumers around the world.
Founded in 2016, Second Order Effects has 90 employees (and counting!) in offices in El Segundo, California and Redmond, Washington. As a partner, on retainer, or on demand, weve worked with 90 clients on 250 projects, none of which involve weapons.
How do we do this? We prioritize others, build the right thing, welcome difficulty, and play the long game. Learn more at soeffects.com!
Team Overview:
The Business Development team is responsible for company growth through expansion of services revenue and data-driven strategic development of new business opportunities. We provide new opportunities for the SOE team, increase the value we capture from our work, and identify new ways to support our clients as well as strengthen interfaces across the business to other groups, such as Engineering, Programs, and Operations.
Job Overview:
As a Business Development Intern, you will help identify and grow business relationships across all of SOEs engineering services. On a daily basis, you will help us expand our potential customer base and help the team accomplish their business or engineering goals. You must be unafraid of gaining exposure to a wide variety of problems and have a tenacious attitude towards problem-solving and project execution.
What You Will Do:

Help identify and develop business opportunities to drive SOE sales and revenue targets
Research markets and find applications for engineering services
Assist in the generation of leads via cold calling, attending networking events, industry conferences, and trade shows
Represent the company and maintain professionalism at all times
Collaborate with internal operations teams, and engineering teams on key initiatives

What You Will Need:

Current enrollment in college or Bachelors Degree or MBA (Business, Communications, Economics, Finance, Psychology, Philosophy, or related field)
A curiosity for technology and engineering systems
Exceptional people and communication skills (both verbal and written)
High level of organization and attention to detail
High level of empathy and patience with others
Excellent presentation skills with advanced PowerPoint and Excel software expertise (e.g., statistical modeling, graphing, deck building, etc.)

What Would Be Useful:

Exposure to technical expertise in aerospace, healthcare, automotive, consumer electronics, industrial automation, robotics, or clean energy
Ability to scope an engineering project, draft requirements in a SOW (Statement of Work), and interface with customers
Experience in a team-based design and build project
Familiarity with CRM tools and sales tracking software (e.g., Copper, Confluence, JIRA, Mavenlink, etc.)
Familiarity with Python for data parsing or automation tasks

Additional Requirements:

Applicant must be able to work 40 hours a week on-site in El Segundo, California, USA 2 weeks after receiving an offer
Applicant must be eligible to work on ITAR projects
Job Type: Full-time (Salary)

ITAR Requirements:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Unfortunately, we are unable to provide sponsorship at this time.

Benefits:

Compensation of 66,400 per year on a salary basis 
100 employer-paid health insurance (Medical, Dental, Vision) for employees  50 dependent coverage
Flexible paid time off policy  11 paid holidays  12 paid sick days
401(k) retirement account and employer matching (Safe Harbor 4)
Hybrid working arrangements
Paid parental leave
Relocation assistance available if 50 miles away from the office
Electric Vehicle (EV) charging ports
Casual dress code
Daily catered lunches, snacks, and accessible kitchen
 more!

If you dont meet 100 of the preferred skills and experience, we encourage you to still apply!
Second Order Effects is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SOE is governed on the basis of excellence and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability, or any other legally protected status.