Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Brand Manager (Contract - 6 months)
San Mateo, CA
We are looking for a brand manager who will report to the Director, Brand Marketing on the Global Games Marketing team. This role will partner with the studio and the brand marketing team to lead the development and execution of marketing and commercial strategy for upcoming, high-profile AAA games!
Responsibilities:

Develop best-in-class marketing strategy, including audience strategy, content strategy, and positioning for new player acquisition and re-engagement.
Own the execution and development of global, multi-channel go-to-market campaigns.
Collaborate with global cross-functional teams in PR, Influencers, Partnerships, Paid Media, Social, and CRM to develop global marketing campaigns and drive business success.
Oversee regional leads and localization teams across the globe to ensure successful and strategic worldwide marketing support of game launches, seasons, and marketing initiatives.
Partner with development studio to create and implement marketing and content strategy
Lead asset creation and coordinating partner approval of all marketing assets and plans.
Leverage support from consumer insights, platform teams, game telemetry, community, PR, and competitive trends to build and implement data-driven decision making and marketing strategies.
Author campaign and creative briefs and coordinate marketing production timelines.
Create annual budget allocations and adjust budgets throughout the year.

Requirements:

Understanding of and experience working on AAA games.
Experience working globally to develop and implement performance-based consumer strategies and marketing activations for video games, with proven knowledge of major media campaigns.
Strong communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to engage and influence internal and external partners.
Demonstrates creative thinking through strategic development and marketing asset direction.
Experience partnering with game development studios.
Knowledge and passion for video games!
 Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.52—78 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.