Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.At the forefront of innovation for PlayStation, the Future Technology Group is dedicated to creating immersive and unforgettable gaming experiences. As we continue to push the boundaries of technology, we are seeking a talented Senior Manager of Machine Learning to lead and inspire our team of machine learning experts.
 
As the Senior Manager of Machine Learning, your primary focus will be on people management within our machine learning research and development team. While a solid understanding of machine learning concepts and application is important, your primary responsibility will be to lead and support a team of talented individuals, ensuring their success and fostering an environment of collaboration and growth.
 
Responsibilities:

Lead and manage a team of machine learning managers, researchers, and developers, providing guidance, mentorship, and support to help them achieve their professional goals.
Develop and execute strategies to attract, recruit, and retain top talent in the field of machine learning.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including product management, engineering, to define and drive the machine learning research and development roadmap.
Establish and maintain a culture of innovation, curiosity, and continuous learning within the team.
Foster an inclusive and diverse work environment, where every team member feels valued, respected, and empowered.
Collaborate with senior leadership to align machine learning RD efforts with the overall organizational objectives and long-term vision.
Keep up to date with the latest developments and advancements in machine learning and gaming technologies and provide insights and recommendations to drive innovation.
Manage project timelines, budgets, and resources effectively, ensuring timely delivery of high-quality machine learning solutions.
Collaborate with external partners, research institutions, and academia to leverage the latest advancements in machine learning for our products.
Support the FTG Site Lead by:

Fostering culture, morale, and team cohesiveness
Answering questions and providing updates
Approving PTO and expenses
Acting as point of contact for various SIE departments. 
Ensuring office is running smoothly and raising issues to the BizOps team.



 
Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, or a related field. A masters or PhD in a relevant discipline is a plus.
Proven experience in managing and leading a team of researchers or developers, preferably with a focus on machine learning related projects.
Solid understanding of machine learning principles and applications, with the ability to effectively communicate and bridge the gap between technical and non-technical team members.
Exceptional leadership, interpersonal, and communication skills, with a proven ability to inspire and motivate a team towards a common goal.
Experience in recruitment and retention strategies, with a track record of attracting and developing top talent in the field of machine learning.
Strong project management skills, with the ability to prioritize tasks, manage resources, and meet project timelines.
Deep passion for gaming and a keen interest in exploring the intersection of machine learning and game technology.
Familiarity with agile development methodologies and a collaborative approach to problem-solving.

 
Join our dynamic and forward-thinking organization, where your expertise in people management and machine learning will contribute to the creation of groundbreaking gaming experiences. If you are passionate about leading teams, driving innovation, and sharing the future of gaming, wed like to hear from you!
 
 
LI-TP1 Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.208,000—312,000 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.