Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Sr. Manager of Production, PlayStation Studios, Creative Arts Sound 
Location: Remote, Canada with west-coast time zone preferred. 
You are:   
A creative and experienced production leader with a consistent record for game andor audio production, business management, and a love of audio as a craft. You have a history of developing and leading producers to become future leaders in their field. You want to work alongside our amazing development partners at AAA PlayStation studios such as Naughty Dog, Santa Monica Studio, Insomniac Games, Guerrilla Games, Sucker Punch Productions and more  
As it turns out:   
We are looking for a Senior Manager of Production to help lead our award-winning, global team of production and audio operations professionals!   This is a unique opportunity to fundamentally impact the production methodologies for the PlayStation Studios Sound group. As part of our leadership team, you will have the opportunity to continue to set the bar alongside some of the most quality-driven developers in the industry on some of the most exciting AAA games for PlayStation! 
Sound Leadership Team  

Partner closely with Sr. Director, Directors, Managers, and Project Leads to ensure portfolio needs are met while also ensuring team growth and development. 
Sees the big picture and can correlate complex scenarios and viewpoints into actionable strategic planning across our team and development partners.  
Adapts communication and working style to seamlessly integrate and meet the needs of our development partners across multiple studios and regions globally. 
Helps set direction for Sound team across a dynamically evolving set of needs and challenges within the PlayStation Studios portfolio.  
Define what sound production is for future engagements for PlayStation Studios Sound support of single player and live operation titles. 

Internal Production Leadership 

Collaborate with the Director of Production for Creative Arts on best practices and process across the broader team. 
Lead the global production discipline within the PlayStation Studios Sound team. 
Ensure day-to-day operational and functional needs are effectively broadcast. 
Collaborate with Production Supervisors and appropriate discipline leads to generate title budgets and scope parameters. 
Be the escalation point for all production related action items across the portfolio as well as the central advocate to resolve any title or department risks, suggesting and guiding resolutions. 
Manage scope creep via proactive actions such as trend analysis, baseline planning and effective communication of those statuses. 
Champion production culture and communication 
Work with multiple development partners or groups to create plans to increase quality and efficiency where possible.  

Business Management 

Collaborate with production and budget partners at all corporate levels to effectively plan and execute against budgets 
Partner with Sound Budget Specialist to be accountable for all department and project spend. 
Prioritize audio production needs within budget targets  
Monitor Department PL, putting into action any plans necessary to update and meet KPIs. 

Producer Mentorship and Management 

Hire, cultivate and retain extraordinary production talent, to help grow our existing industry-leading sound team. 
Provide career development and opportunities for personal and professional growth for producers, coordinators and operations staff. 
Plan for and execute upon the best and most efficient deployment of production resources. 
Identify and resolve your production teams needs, issues, and concerns in an adaptable, effective, and clear manner. 

Studio Partnership POC 

Collaborate with our Development Partner Studio production teams to ensure a consistent, clear and effective production process across teams and the portfolio. 
Manage and grow a transparent and collaborative union between Sound Production and SIE Product Development Producers. 
Drive estimates and reporting on global costs and status for sound production across multiple projects and regions. 


Identify risks to team and portfolio plans, construct mitigation plans, communicate to production stakeholders. 
Proactively monitor potential issues before they become blockers and establish best practice solutions to categories of problems. 
Communicate regularly with SIE production teams regarding project status, risk and budget management. 
Proactively manage risk and expectations at the portfolio level as project scopes and schedules evolve. 
Act as a main point of contact between Sound group and our development partners across PlayStation Studios.   
Bring together people and resources to create innovative solutions and build successful partnerships across our teams and development partners. 

Qualifications  Requirements: 

A minimum of 10 years of game industry experience (audio direction a plus!), including at least 5 years in a leadership or management role. 
A comprehensive understanding of the game development process and current industry trends. 


A proven track record in mentoring, coaching, and fostering game production talent development and related skill sets. 
Strong leadership and team management skills, with experience in cultivating a positive and collaborative work environment. 
Have a strategic vision - you can recognize and resolve situations that may be ambiguous or challenging by using logic to identify alternatives, evaluate, and present approaches to solving complex problems while thinking in terms of contingency plans. 
Handling data as a friend, being able to translate numbers into action and drive efficiencies. 
Inherently have an entrepreneurial spirit that contains vision, passion and imagination - asking what if and challenging the status quo. 


Ability to think strategically and communicate at the executive level, coupled with top-notch organizational skills and attention to detail. 
The capacity to manage varying deadlines across multiple project calendars while working well under pressure. 
A self-starter, and collaborative with a proven ability to quickly adapt to business needs. 
Deeply Proficient in Microsoft Excel, experience with monday.com a plus. 

LI-AG1
REMOTEEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.