Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Senior TextureMaterial Artist
PlayStation Studios Visual Arts (PSSVA) provides world-class content, development, and services to PlayStation Studios. Our team is always at the cutting edge of technology and partners with the industrys best minds and companies.
We are looking for a highly talented, motivated, and creative Senior TextureMaterials Artist to work on AAA quality titles. In this role, you will define and document workflows  processes to sustain an internal Texture and Materials pipeline in active development. The ideal candidate will be an active agent in mentoring and training staff to ensure the long-term growth and development of staff with our North American and Malaysian location team members.
As Senior Texture Materials Artist, you will work with the Art Department and Clients to create both in-game and cinematic quality environments and props within a range of styles. The focus will be on environmental art pieces and set dressing. Ability to create environments from both detailed concepts and a single photograph is required. A big plus is the ability to take and provide direction from concepts or rough direction to final modeltexture.  A primary feature of this role will be to expand our capabilities with our team members in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia by documenting the processes and tools used in active development and mentoring those team members capability.
Responsibilities:

Create realistic game-ready physically based materials to project specifications.
Ability to document production workflows and mentor production artists in both North America and Malaysia
Build and maintain a PBR material library. Assist with maintaining technical and quality standards.
Collaborate with production artists on creating materials for in-game use.
Create organized material workflows in Substance Designer and Painter.
Problem-solving production challenges with creative solutions.
Review the work output of team members.
Work with artists to revise and respond based on feedback for both aesthetic and functional requirements.
Be active in participation with team members in the PSSVA to accelerate technical and aesthetic onboarding to project work.

Requirements:

At least 5 years experience as a TextureMaterials Artist.
Strong understanding of PBR materials and workflows.
Knowledge of Substance Designer and Painter workflows.
Strong understanding of game development with a focus on textures and materials.
Ability to work in new game engines and add material assets to game engines.
Knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and High-Resolution Texture baking.
Ability to unwrap UVs for texturing meshes and lightmaps.
An advanced understanding of in-game and cinematic art asset creation.
Willingness to mentor artists to achieve AAA quality work and project standards.

Pluses:

Shader authoring.
Photogrammetry experience.
Experience working with external outsource vendors.
Experience working with remote team members across global time zones.  
Experience working with a proprietary game engine and engine tools.

 

PRIVACY NOTICE TO SIE LLCS JOB APPLICANTSThis Privacy Notice explains what personal information we at Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC collect from you, and why we collect it and use it. This Notice covers our practices regarding the personal information of all applicants to our job positions. Please review it carefully.
Categories of personal information we collect from youGenerally, We Obtain This Information Through Our Recruiting TeamWe collect personal information about you throughout the recruiting process, in particular the following categories.

Identification and contact information
Direct identifiers such as your first and last name.
Indirect identifiers such as a government ID, your Social Security, work permit or passport .
Contact information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number.
Other information about you or that can be associated with you such as:
SensitiveProtected Data. During the recruitment process, you may (voluntarily) provide us with your ethnicity, gender, military service information, or physical or mental health information, as well as your national origin and citizenship.
Professional or job position-related information, including your past professional experience, references; background verification; talent management and assessment; information regarding any conflicts of interests; and the terms and conditions of your job offer.
Non-public education information, including information about your education records, such as grades and transcripts.

LI-SY1
Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.