Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.The Visual Arts Group and PlayStation Malaysia are passionate teams within the PlayStation family, provides world-class content, development, and services to PlayStations studios all over the world. Our team is made up of game and film industry professionals from all over the world, working with some of the best minds and companies around.
Why work when you can play? This is life at PlayStation!We are looking for a Senior Character RiggerTD who has experience with Maya riggingscripting, along with a strong understanding of human anatomy and realistic deformation. You will work with our multi-award winning team while working with AAA Worldwide Studios like Naughty Dog, Santa Monica Studio, San Diego Studio, Guerrilla Games, and more!
If you like to be hands-on and have the effective communication skills to ensure output from the rigging team is executed efficiently, timely, and meet our technical and animation requirements, we want to talk to you!
Responsibilities 

Set up and maintain character (humans  animals) rigs and systems. 
Work with art group to develop models that meets technical  
requirements. 
Work with animation group to create artist-friendly rigs that satisfy  
animationgameplay needs. 
Design and set up character dynamics (i.e. cloth, hair). 
Develop new techniques and processes to further advance  
qualityrealism. 
Collaborate with TDs in on-going facial and muscle simulation research. 
Create tools to streamline workflowpipeline. 
Work with team directors and production to identifyprioritize tasks. 
Provide and maintain technical documentation. 

 
Requirements 

Minimum 6 years of production experience in game or filmVFX field, with  
Strong understanding of Maya and Python scripting. 
Professional experience with developing and maintaining FACS based facial rigs. 
In-depth knowledge of characterprop rigging technique and principles. 
Knowledge of realistic human anatomy 
Experience with adopting production pipelines and make improvements that respect guidelines and system requirements. 
Strong troubleshooting skills and the ability to find pragmatic solutions. 
Proven ability to be self-sufficient and take initiative to seek answers and address issues. 

 
Bonus Skills 

Experience with OpenMaya or C Maya API. 
Familiarity in runtime performance efficiency and optimization, including Maya parallel DAG evaluation. 

 

PRIVACY NOTICE TO SIE LLCS JOB APPLICANTS 
This Privacy Notice explains what personal information we at Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC collect from you, and why we collect it and use it. This Notice covers our practices regarding the personal information of all applicants to our job positions. Please review it carefully. 
Categories of personal information we collect from you 
 
Generally, We Obtain This Information Through Our Recruiting Team 
 
We collect personal information about you throughout the recruiting process, in particular the following categories. 

Identification and contact information 
Direct identifiers such as your first and last name. 
Indirect identifiers such as a government ID, your Social Security, work permit or passport . 
Contact information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number. 
Other information about you or that can be associated with you such as: 
SensitiveProtected Data. During the recruitment process, you may (voluntarily) provide us with your ethnicity, gender, military service information, or physical or mental health information, as well as your national origin and citizenship. 
Professional or job position-related information, including your past professional experience, references; background verification; talent management and assessment; information regarding any conflicts of interests; and the terms and conditions of your job offer. 
Non-public education information, including information about your education records, such as grades and transcripts. 

LI-SY1 
Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.