Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.2024 Machine Learning Engineer Intern 
This internship is for Summer 2024. 
San Diego, CA - Hybrid Only 
Tools and Technology (TNT) works on a wide range of products used by game developers worldwide. The technology covers the areas of: Data Compression, Packaging and Patching, Crash Reporting, VR Analysis and Debugging, IO Subsystems, Texture Processing, and Target Automation. This enables developers to make smaller games, with faster IO, as well as debug their applications more efficiently.
We seek a Machine Learning Intern that is passionate about using their skills in games. This position is geared toward expanding the use of machine learning within existing tools and prototyping new applications of machine learning for use in game development within PlayStation Studios.
Responsibilities: 

Collaboration on new innovative ways of using machine learning in one of the following areas: Data Compression, Automation, VR Analysis, Generative Content

Qualifications: 

Projected to graduate between December 2024 and Spring 2025  
Currently enrolled in an accredited university, pursuing a Bachelors or Advanced degree 
Strong math background and an understanding of basic machine learning techniques
Interest in game development
Python programming experience
Must be available to work for 12 weeks from May  August or June  September
Internships are available to students who are US citizens or international students with an F-1 visa

Desired qualifications: 

Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experience with reinforcement learning, large language models, or generative models is a plus

Our intern positions offer a fixed hourly pay rate. Please note that the pay rate is exclusive to the internship period and may not reflect what pay may look like following the completion of an internship. Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.45.75—52.25 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.