Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Senior Corporate Counsel, Product Development San Mateo, CA (collab) preferred OR San Diego, CA (collab) - will require onsite work.
This position provides business and legal affairs support (primarily transactional and advisory) to SIE Product Development and Operations teams. The SIE Senior Corporate Counsel position requires general transactional and intellectual property experience to draft and negotiate a wide range of agreements including Product Development and Manufacturing Agreements, HW Supply Agreements, IP Licensing Agreements, Service Agreements and other miscellaneous agreements to support the HW Product operations and related services.
Responsibilities: 

Serve as lead transactional counsel and provide support to Product Development and Operations teams on contract requests or legal questions and issues.
Work closely with business clients and assist with strategizing deals to meet business goals in a timely and efficient manner.
Serve as second chair  support counsel for transaction overflow from Technical Program Management, Hardware Engineering (and accompanying UX design) and other initiatives  teams as requested.
Serve as primary point of contact (working independently) for the following teams that handling network service areas:

Product Development
Product Operations
Hardware Engineering
Software Engineering



Requirements:

JD or LLM degree from accredited law school; admitted to a US state bar, California State Bar membership is preferred (at a minimum, the candidate must be qualified for and quickly obtain Registered In-House Counsel status in California and have the willingness to maintain that status during employment).
At least 12 years of legal practice, with substantial experience in drafting and negotiating complex transactional matters.
Preferably a minimum of 3 to 4 years of experience working in-house in a video game, technology, or entertainment company with a focus on transactional legal work.
Comprehend the impacts of legal advice on wider business objectives and adjust advice within legal and regulatory boundaries to help further business objectives.
Work cooperatively with appropriate other SIE support teams (e.g., Regional Legal, Information Security, Data Governance, Data Strategy  Operations, Human Resources, Compliance, etc.)

LI-HYBRIDLI-SF1 Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.214,500—321,700 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.