Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Role Overview:
Sony Interactive Entertainment (SIE) - PlayStation is looking for a Supply Chain Program Manager, PSD Commercial Operations, to join our e-commerce Commercial Operations team. PS Direct (direct.playstation.com) is PlayStations Direct-to-Consumer platform connecting millions of fans globally to the wide range of PS products. Come join us at PlayStation!
What youll be doing:
This is an exciting opportunity to be a key figure in the Commercial Operations team, focused on the direct-to-consumer channel (PS Direct). Highly cross functional and dynamic environment, where new products and initiatives will need your strong assessment to maintain the go-to-market performance in Europe. Youll have the opportunity to help build a best-in-class E2E supply chain. This is a busy environment, managing multiple product launches, performance of those launches to our customers  developing relationships within SIE. This role will need to be very comfortable in using data, SAP systems, Excel, and scenario planning as your main allies.
Key Areas of Responsibility:

Be a key contributor in an impactful, dynamic, data focused team.
Manage go-to-market strategy of new product launches from FG availability to delivery on Launch Day to our loyal fans.
Help drive continuous improvement efforts to support commercial strategies, building a streamlined fulfilment experience globally.
Communicate and influence cross-functional partners to support on Supply Chain initiatives.
Cultivate a collaborative and customer focused culture.
Maintain Inventory Availability for PSD across EU marketplaces at 100 availability.

Global PS Direct Commercial Operations:

Manage and communicate cross-functionally the Go-to-Market operational strategy for new product launches (NPI) as well as preorder operations tailored to each market.
Adapts the supply chain capabilities to the ecommerce business dynamics of growth and change.
Responsible to deliver OTSOTD (98), as well as a high NPS fulfilment survey score for preorders and new launches.
Inventory  Planning Stock Availability Management to ensure 100 stock availability across Europe and actively manage all SKUs.
Define operational requirements, adapt regional capabilities to a standardised operational mentality globally.
Supports test plan creation and UAT.
The voice of PSD Europe and striving for SME across systems, data and performance.

What were looking for:

8 years professional experience in Supply Chain, E-Commerce, Distribution or Logistics (including 3PL).
Demonstrated experience in e-Commerce order fulfilment, including distribution centre operations and supporting technologies.
Ability to work in a highly cross-functional dynamic and ever-changing environment and prioritise on the go.
Solid understanding of SAP system with advanced excel skills, whilst using data to create visual representation of results, projections, gaps and process.
Bachelors degree in business, project andor Supply Chain Management  equivalent experience would be desirable
Ability to communicate to different audiences, adapt information and present according to different needs

Benefits:

Discretionary bonus opportunity
Hybrid Working (within Flexmodes)
Private Medical Insurance
Dental Scheme
25 days holiday per year
On Site Gym
Subsidised Caf
Free soft drinks
On site bar
Access to cycle garage and showers

Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rightsEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.