Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Project Manager cum Japanese Translator
The positions of Project Manager cum Japanese Translator are active members of the production group and will assist the project or department to which they are assigned to ensure the timely and cost-effective execution of a scope of work.  
 
Responsibilities

Schedule and maintain tasking of departmental and interdisciplinary teams  
Work with the Production Senior Manager, Lead  Senior Project Managers to break down large complex tasks into meaningful sub-tasks and track team progress.  
Manage communication between disciplines and team members for specific project efforts.
Identify all groups that may be affected by an aspect of the project, and involve them - proactively solicit their input and follow up through execution.
Report and communicate to all stakeholders the status of the given project and escalate when required.
Additional responsibilities may be assigned as needed. 

  
Requirements  

Good bilingual communication skills, both verbal and written. 
Minimum of 3 year of relevant work experience in game production with one or more published titles.
A thorough understanding of Film or 3D Animation processes and pipelines. Production in a Game Development environment or service provider a plus. 
Be able to quickly assess and communicate bi-directionally between the Japanese language development team and our internal team. 
Experience with Microsoft OfficeGSuite, and task tracking software. Intermediate experience with spreadsheets. 
Demonstrated ability to produce Film, Videos, Commercials but ideally video game cinematic animation and art assets at a AAA level. 
Demonstrated ability to provide feedback and suggest optimal ways to manage and improve production workflows via new tools, techniques, or approaches. 
Excellent organizational and prioritization skills, attention to detail, process knowledge and ability to multitask. 
Eagerness to learn new software tools and technologies.  

  
Pluses

Able to converse in Japanese. 
Experience working with Japanese studios.
Familiarity with Japanese culture is a plus. 
Translation and interpretation support. 
Translate documents from Japanese to English and vice versa whenever necessary. 
Working knowledge of project schedules and milestone documentation, monitoring the progress of department milestones and individual tasks against those schedules.
Knowledge of project management methodologies such as Waterfall, Agile, etc.
Experience with a variety of project management tools (Jira, Shotgun, Microsoft Project, or any other schedulingtask-tracking software).

 

PRIVACY NOTICE TO SIE LLCS JOB APPLICANTS 
This Privacy Notice explains what personal information we at Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC collect from you, and why we collect it and use it. This Notice covers our practices regarding the personal information of all applicants to our job positions. Please review it carefully. 
Categories of personal information we collect from you 
 
Generally, We Obtain This Information Through Our Recruiting Team 
 
We collect personal information about you throughout the recruiting process, in particular the following categories. 

Identification and contact information 
Direct identifiers such as your first and last name. 
Indirect identifiers such as a government ID, your Social Security, work permit or passport . 
Contact information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number. 
Other information about you or that can be associated with you such as: 
SensitiveProtected Data. During the recruitment process, you may (voluntarily) provide us with your ethnicity, gender, military service information, or physical or mental health information, as well as your national origin and citizenship. 
Professional or job position-related information, including your past professional experience, references; background verification; talent management and assessment; information regarding any conflicts of interests; and the terms and conditions of your job offer. 
Non-public education information, including information about your education records, such as grades and transcripts. 

LI-SY1 
 
  Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.