Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.
--
 
Lead Programmer (Media Molecule) 
We are Media Molecule, a multi-award winning video game developer and a proud member of the PlayStation Studios family. We have a history of creating revolutionary games such as LittleBigPlanet, Tearaway and most recently the BAFTA Award winning Dreams. Its a fantastic time to join us as we embark on our next adventure, defining and executing the vision for our next project and settling into our spectacular, newly refurbished studio in central Guildford. We are now searching for an experienced Lead Programmer to join our team. 
Location: Our studio in Guildford or remote (UK based).
 
Role: We are looking for an enthusiastic and creative individual, with a strong technical background, to help lead development on game systems as we establish work for our next exciting project.

What youll be doing:

Leading the architectural direction for game systems, such as UI and metagame.
Managing team members to help support their career growth and maximise their potential.
Working with systemsUX designers to realise creative goals.
Championing technical best-practice within the game technology group.

Skills required:

Excellent C skills with the ability to write readablemaintainable code.
Strong debugging and analytical skills.
Good technical verbal and written communication.

Experience required:

Managing, mentoring andor coaching members of a technical team.
Implementing, debugging and rectifying code in a multithreaded environment.
Collaborating closely with other disciplines to explore solutions.




In return we offer the opportunity to be part of a talented, diverse and social team, with a tip top benefits package including (but not limited to);

Competitive salary  bonus scheme
Contributory pension scheme, life assurance, income protection and access to a financial planning coach
25 days holiday and discretionary additional holiday days over summer and Christmas
Flexible working practices (onsite, hybrid, UK remote, core hours  role dependent)
Free lunches, snacks and refreshments on site
Private health and dental insurance plus Online GP access
Modern health EAP
Free PS game codes and Sony product discounts
Quarterly Mm wellbeing days
Gymflex discount
250 annual personal development fund and access to our online learning library
Enhanced maternity and paternity leave
Menopause policy
Volunteering opportunities 

 
Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.