Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.In May 2021, we embarked on a journey to start Haven Studios with a small team and big ambitions. Our goal was to build a studio where we could make the kind of games weve always wanted to create  and games weve longed to play.Weve made amazing progress in a short time thanks to our talented, passionate team and their exceptional contributions. We established a culture at Haven grounded in kindness, adaptability and courage that unlocks creativity. Our first new IP for PlayStation is on track to deliver a AAA multiplayer experience with a vision to build a systemic and evolving world focused on freedom, thrill, and playfulness that will keep players entertained and engaged for years.Haven joined the PlayStation Studios family in 2022, and we are on track to build an exclusive new IP for PlayStation and grow the first Sony game development team in Canada. Position  Producer - OutsourcingInsourcingCodevWe are looking for an experienced Producer to join the Haven Interactive Studios project team. As a Producer, you will act as a product owner for our multi-disciplinary teams.  You will work closely with the content creation team, technical experts, and Content Directors to deliver high quality products.  In collaboration with the Head of Production, the Producer will be responsible for establishing the projects outsourcing, insourcing, and codevelopment strategy. The Producer will be in charge of developing solid relationships with key partners - both within Playstation entities and with external vendors. You will work with the Head of Production and leadership team to establish production best practices and to put in place an asset production tracking system to organize, catalog, and track development.  As the project progresses through its production cycle, the scope of your mandate will evolve.ReportingThe Producer will report to the Head of Production. Responsibilities and DutiesPlan deliverables with project Leads and Directors, validate feasibility, and drive development through the projects entire lifecycle.Break down complex deliverables, createmanage project roadmap, and keep stakeholders informed, aware of risks, and trade-offs.Provide clear, timely and regular communication to ensure that the development team and key stakeholders remain engaged and production goals are well understood. Provide input to key decision makers and participate in the decision making process.Manage day-to-day operations of a multi-disciplinary team in an agile environment while keeping a watchful eye on team health and development status.Manage Playstation entities and vendor relationships.Provide strategic input on production scaling capacities to support project needs.Aid in the creation and management of an asset production tracking system to organize, catalog, and track asset development.Participate in the recruitment process; conduct interviews, evaluate candidates skills, experience, and compatibility with team and organization culture.Experience and Skills RequiredExperience in similar management positions such as Producer, Associate Producer, Development Director or other relevant position.Deep understanding of development methodologies, best practices, production life cycle, tools and processes.Ability to prioritize and manage complex operational issues.Excellent leadership skills, with a proven ability to recruit, grow, guide, empower and motivate a highly functioning production team in a fast paced changing environment.Preferred QualificationsGreat interpersonal communication skills with an ability to successfully partner across and at all levels of a team and organization.Experience launching and operating live service games with a solid understanding of development best practices for Games As A Service.Experience managing teams in all phases of the production cycle.Strong desire to find ways to optimize the game development process.Comfortable navigating ambiguity, displaying flexibility and adaptability to adjust plans and strategies as new information is gained or as project conditions change.Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.