Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Presentation Programming Intern
San Diego, CA (Fully in Person)
Do you love baseball almost as much as you love video games? Why not combine the two and join us at San Diego Studio to work on our MLB - The Show game series! As our summer Presentation Engineer Intern you will be working with our engineers, artists, and designers to improve the tools that help make MLB - The Show great! 
Responsibilities:
During your internship you will be exposed to:

San Diego Studios tool and asset pipeline.
Adding new functionality to existing tools as needed.
Building new tools as necessary.

Qualifications:

Currently enrolled in a Bachelors or Advanced (Masters or PhD) degree program majoring in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering degree or related field.
Projected to graduate by September 2024.
Demonstrated game programming experience.
Knowledge of C and C
Knowledge of at least one scripting language (Perl, Python, Ruby, PHP, etc.).
Understanding of data structures and algorithms.
Strong mathematics background (linear algebra, statistics, geometry).
Must be available to work for 12 weeks from May  August or June  September
Internships are available to students who are US citizens or international students with an F-1 visa.

Desired qualifications:

Sports fan or athletic experience or athleticsport hobbyist is a plus!

Our intern positions offer a fixed hourly pay rate. Please note that the pay rate is exclusive to the internship period and may not reflect what pay may look like following the completion of an internship. Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.36.50—41.75 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.