Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation. 
Job description
Nixxes Software is looking for passionate and skilled Lead Artist to join a growing team of artists and engineers to create AAA experiences for upcoming projects. As an Lead Artist, you will lead, motivate and organize a team of 3d artist. Translate concepts into tangible work and evaluate during production. You will work on major game franchises in collaboration with other renowned PlayStation Studios around the world.
Responsibilities

Work with both the team and with the art director to land the visuals for AAA quality environments.
Work on task definition together with the art team.
Create a realistic timeline with production using input from the team.
Guard the visual targets set by art direction.
Review the work delivered by the art team and provide clear feedback.
Work with the tech department on geometry, texture, memory and shader budgets and realise the content within set limits.
Communicate with tech art on optimizing pipelines and pushing the visual boundaries.
Guide team members helping them grow as an artist and game developer.

Essential Requirements

You have at least 5 years of previous experience as an artist in the games industry or a related industry
Leadership skills
Strong spatial sense and a good eye for level composition, colours, light and texture, and the ability to bring these together into a compelling image.
Experience with software like Autodesk Maya, Substance 3D Designer, Substance 3D Painter, ZBrush and Adobe Photoshop.
Experience with AAA engine.

Competencies 

Communicates with directnesscandour and is adept at conflict resolution.
High standards of respect and values strong teamwork.
Ability to adapt to changing circumstances.
Positive thinker with an ambitious drive towards quality and success.
Able to guide others and set priorities.

Portfolio submission is required for this position.
Please keep your portfolio simple and clear. Show us a few examples of your best work that you feel best represents you and your skills. Include a brief description of what you were responsible for, how much time it took to complete and the date it was created.
Plusses

Bachelors degree or higher in Game Art or Game Development.
2D concept skills to communicate or elaborate intent.
(Native) Dutch speaker.
Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.