Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Paralegal, Publisher Relations and Competitive Gaming
San Mateo, CA (Collab)
Love video games, entertainment, and technology legal issues? Interested in advising our publishing, developer support and e-sports teams on the cutting-edge legal issues involved with video game publishing? If so, were looking for you, a legal expert with transactional experience to join the Sony PlayStation team.  
Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC has an excellent opportunity for a highly-motivated Paralegal to partner with and support attorneys by performing transactional work for the video game publishing and developer support teams, as well as the e-sports team. This is a truly great opportunity to join a growing legal team and work on cutting-edge issues in an exciting, fast-paced environment.  
Responsibilities: 

Review, draft, and negotiate various types of agreements under the supervision of attorneys, including consulting agreements, nondisclosure agreements, development and publishing agreements, vendor agreements, software license agreements, event agreements
Review game content for release on various platforms
Review and draft agreements relating to e-sports, including tournament rules and promotions
Draft template agreements related to video game publishing, including click wrap agreements
Collaborate and develop relationships with internal business teams and third parties to gather and synthesize information for agreements
Manage special project work

 
Preferred Experience  Education:

A Bachelors degree from a 4-year university or equivalent
At least 8 years of relevant work experience, preferably with some experience in the video game, technology, or entertainment industry
Good understanding of intellectual property law, in particular copyright and trademark law
Team player, with strong communication, organizational, and drafting skills
Detail-oriented and able to accommodate deadlines while working in a fast-paced environment
Proficiency in Word and Excel

This is an hourly role. 
LI-BR1 Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.55—83 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.