Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.
Engineer II, Systems
San Mateo, CA
We have a great opportunity to join our Global Developer Technology Group here at PlayStation HQ in San Mateo, CA. We seek a systems software engineer to help studios, from AAA to Indie, solve complex engineering problems, perform research into innovative techniques, algorithms, and tools. If this is you, we want to hear from you!
What Youll Do

Become an expert in PlayStation hardware and technology
Work with leading AAA developers and engineers around the world
Direct RD with the opportunity to create new technology for game developers
Focus on PlayStation systems technology at the deepest levels and areas of specialization
Have ownership of projects that impact PlayStation technology and game engineers directly
Have early access to PlayStation technology to support, educate, and push the boundaries of game technology

What Youll Learn

Develop broad and deep knowledge of console hardware, systems and IO
Gain insight into the technology pipelines of the industrys leading developers

Your Responsibilities to the Team

Have a strong desire to educate others and help people with problems
Lead and develop innovative techniques, algorithms and tools that take advantage of our advanced platform architectures to increase quality and performance on PlayStation platforms
Promote and foster innovation within the systems team to produce creative solutions to problems
Develop projects frameworks that will be the foundation of future research projects.
Analyze software problems and provide practical items to developers
Be able to perform responsibilities with little direction or supervision
Be comfortable speaking to large groups
Other tasks assigned as necessary

Interests, what youve done in the past

5 years of relevant work experience
Be passionate about console games
Have extensive experience with C, C and low-level development
Have experience working with game engine core technology on shipped titles (memory managers, file systems, job systems, audio systems, etc)
Obsessed with optimizations and efficiency
Have experience with audio engines, particularly 3D Audio principles
Have a track record of delivering professional products within time and on budget
Tired of long hours crunching at work and not having enough time for yourself and family

About Global Developer Technology Group (GDTG)
GDTG is regarded as a global leader in providing deep technical expertise to game developers. As an engineer in GDTG, you will be part of a world-class team focused on finding answers and solutions to complex challenges developers face. If you love stretching the limits of what is technically possible, and you are eager to learn new things, then you will fit right in. Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.148,900—223,300 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.