Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Online Programming Intern
San Diego, CA (Fully in Person)
We have a great opportunity to join PlayStation San Diego Studios! We are seeking an Online Programming Intern to assist with development and improvement of online systems and tools for the MLB The Show product line. After learning the current online architecture and systems, you will add online features to the game, extend or develop server-side systems and implement groundbreaking features. Your efforts will directly impact the next generation of The Show. If this is you, then you need to come play with us here in sunny San Diego! This internship is for Summer 2024.
Responsibilities:

Learn, maintain, and augment existing online code, servers, and tools.
Collaborate with designers to turn ideas into concrete game features.

Qualifications:

Currently enrolled in a Bachelors or Advanced (Masters or PhD) degree program majoring in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering degree or related field.
Projected to graduate by September 2024.
Demonstrated game programming experience.
Strong Knowledge of C and C
Knowledge of C
Knowledge of at least one scripting language (Perl, Python, Ruby, PHP, etc.)
An understanding of Internet communications and associated standard methodologies.
Detailed baseball rules understanding.
Excellent communication skills and self-motivated with an ability to take initiative.
Able and motivated to work with other team members and strong interpersonal skills.
Must be available to work for 12 weeks from May  August or June  September
Internships are available to students who are US citizens or international students with an F-1 visa

Desired qualifications:

Experience with distributed systems.
Experience with asynchronous message passing architectures.
Familiarity with MySQL or other RDBMS.
Familiarity with cryptography or TLSSSL.
Sports fan or athletic experience or athleticsport hobbyist is a plus!

Our intern positions offer a fixed hourly pay rate. Please note that the pay rate is exclusive to the internship period and may not reflect what pay may look like following the completion of an internship. Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.36.50—41.75 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.