Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation. 
Join the award-winning team that created God of War
You are into games  you love playing them and you love making them. And youre half coder and half artist  you get both, you help each understand the other, and you can translate from art to tech and back again, so everyone gets the most out of the tools and knows what to ask for to get awesome art up onto the screen.
And you are talented and motivated, with tons of initiative.  You get things done.  Sound like a good fit?  If so, give us a shout!
Responsibilities

Research, define, improve, and maintain artist pipelines, tools, and workflows
Interface with stakeholders. Liaise between team members; drive collaborative projects
Troubleshoot issues; resolve them: invent or build robust, quality technical implementations
Participate in art asset reviews to help identify technical concerns or risks
Partner with leads and directors to meet visual and technical standards
Mentor and guide in areas of Art, VFX andor Lighting team members in areas of expertise; instill best practices

Requirements

Minimum ten years of professional experience in computer-generated art
Expertise of 3D math fundamentals
Expert knowledge of Houdini and best practices in procedural asset creation
Familiar with artist workflows and processes
Strong understanding of algorithm design and their inherent complexity
Proficient scriptingprogramming experience in Python, PyQTPySide
Ability to write clean, maintainable and extensible code with attention to reusability
Enthusiasm and initiative
Excellent spoken and written communication
Able and motivated to work with other team members

Preferred Experience

Industry experience working or shipping AAA titles
Programming experience with C
Experience in design or creating world building toolsets
Expert ability in 3D modelling DCCs such as Maya or equivalent

 
LI-SMSLI-AM1
  Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.158,400—237,600 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.