Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC seeks a Sr Software Systems Engineer in San Francisco, CA to develop complex software components for critical company platform. Requires a Bachelors degree in Computer Engineering, or related field or equivalent, and five (5) years of progressively responsible experience troubleshooting issues on non-production and production environments and processing and validating all production deployments for new builds. Prior experience must include five (5) years of processing and validating internal tickets generated for alerting services; re-establishing missing connections on network level; verifying that all security protocols are followed and ensuring there are safe routes for scheduling and transferring information; creating, maintaining and renewing SSL Certs across LATAM HSBC network with external entities; scheduling and executing disaster recovery plans in case hardware or whole building allocating infrastructure were compromised; and utilizing Jira ticket management and DNS management, LDAP, Unix, SSL Certificates, Jira, Network diagrams, and Java. Send resumes to SIE-Job-Postingssony.com  indicate job code MR5681704.
LI-DNI
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, legally protected physical or mental disability, covered veteran status, status in the U.S. uniformed services, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information or membership in any other legally protected category.
Reasonable Accommodation Notice Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
We sincerely appreciate the time and effort you spent in contacting us and we thank you for your interest in PlayStation.
PRIVACY NOTICE TO SIE LLCS JOB APPLICANTS
This Privacy Notice explains what personal information we at Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC collect from you, and why we collect it and use it. This Notice covers our practices regarding the personal information of all applicants to our job positions. Please review it carefully.
Categories of personal information we collect from you
We collect personal information about you throughout the recruiting process, in particular the following categories. Generally, we obtain this information through our Recruiting Team:

 Identification and contact information


 

Direct identifiers such as your first and last name.
Indirect identifiers such as a government ID, your Social Security, work permit or passport .
Contact information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number.



 Other information about you or that can be associated with you such as:


SensitiveProtected Data. During the recruitment process, you may (voluntarily) provide us with your ethnicity, gender, military service information, or physical or mental health information, as well as your national origin and citizenship.
Professional or job position-related information, including your past professional experience, references; background verification; talent management and assessment; information regarding any conflicts of interests; and the terms and conditions of your job offer.
Non-public education information, including information about your education records, such as grades and transcripts.
 Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.150,800—226,200 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.