Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation. 
Join the award-winning team that created God of War
Santa Monica Studio is looking for a Sr Manager to provide strategy and leadership to the Production team.
In this role you will attract, retain and develop some of the top production talent in the industry. You will partner with the Director of Product Development and Sr Manager of Technical Production to develop a department strategy and structure that ensures realization of the creative vision while balancing the business needs of the studio.
Together with other department managers and creative directors on the team, youll plan, coordinate and structure the work of the production team to ensure that project and studio goals are met. Youll also play a meaningful role in encouraging and maintaining a vibrant and innovative creative culture and in helping guide the team on a path of continual growth and improvement.
We are seeking someone with deep production craft knowledge who has led AAA projects from start to finish themselves and who is excited to help craft our method of production.
Responsibilities

Hire, cultivate and retain world-class production talent, to help grow our existing industry-leading team
Provide career development and growth for producers
Personally provide mentoring and guidance on soft skills and leverage sub-discipline experts within the team to build production skills
Plan for the best and most efficient deployment of production resources
Partner closely with Directors, Leads and Producers to ensure project needs are met while also ensuring team growth and development
Collaborate with the rest of the Management team, Production team, and other studio leaders to ensure a consistent, clear and effective production process across teams and projects
Represent the production function at the project and studio level
Ensure that appropriate communication flows freely, such that the team feels heard, represented, and generally in the loop
Identify and resolve production team needs, issues, and concerns in an adaptable, effective, and clear manner

Requirements

10 years of game industry experience
5 years leading and managing a team of producers
Experience on a full AAA development cycle

 
LI-SMSLI-AM1
  Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.154,600—231,800 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.