Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation. 
Housemarque is looking for a Narrative Lead for our next PlayStation game!
 
THE JOB
As the Narrative Lead of the talented and passionate narrative team behind RETURNAL, you will work closely with our team of narrative designers, technical narrative designers, writers, narrative team producer and Creative Director. It will be your role to ensure narrative implementation quality across the game, facilitate professional growth among the narrative team, and champion the artistic vision of the project.What will your day-to-day look like?


Accountable for leading the integration of voice-over, cinematics, animations, narrative features and more to create artistically and technically sound in-game narrative moments.


Guide narrative to a very high level of quality with the Creative Director


Support narrative team by assisting with implementation, technical setup and other support


Seek to improve and maintain good work methods and development pipelines


Cross-team collaboration (level art, design, VFX, audio etc) to combine all elements.


Collaborates with producers and project management daily to ensure the agreed schedule and budget is maintained.


Manages narrative team supervision through regular 1 on 1s and annual performance reviews


Organize training opportunities and facilitate professional growth for narrative team


Other duties may be assigned.


 
What will help you to be successful in this role?


Experience as a Narrative Lead, Senior Narrative Designer, Senior Technical Narrative Designer or similar role.


Passion for game storytelling


Understanding of workflows for the creation of in-game narrative moments.


Strong leadership and communication skills


Passion for quality and willingness to learn new workflows and share knowledge


Fluent spoken and written English


 
 
What we offer to you?


Competitive salary, benefits, healthcare, Nordic work-life balance


Tailored immigration and relocation package to help you get settled into Finland


A warm and welcoming atmosphere at our cozy Helsinki office


Freedom, flexibility and openness in a collaborative culture


Brilliant, diverse and empathetic colleagues to work with


Exciting and ambitious projects executed with the best tools


Access to Playstation Studios collaboration, games and more!


 
 
This is a permanent, full-time position based in Helsinki, Finland. 
We will start interviewing promising candidates immediately so please apply as soon as possible.
 Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.