Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.PlayStation Studios Malaysia provides world-class content, development and services to PlayStation Studios. Our team is always at the cutting edge of technology and partners with the industrys best minds and companies. You will work with our multi-award winning team while working with AAA Worldwide Studios like Naughty Dog, Santa Monica Studio, San Diego Studio, Guerrilla Games, and more!  
The Technical Art and Engineering team in PlayStation Studios Malaysia is for Technical Art Supervisor to join our development team. This role requires to be responsible for the planning, set up, and maintenance of our technical pipeline on all projects including environment management, workflow tools, and automation. This role will lead a team of technical artists to ensure all project needs are met, write tools for our artists for a variety of software packages, troubleshoot technical issues that arise, and ensure the quality of our final product. Our Technical Art Department works with both our art and engineering teams to help provide communication cohesion between the groups.   This position requires experience and understanding of visual effects pipelines, extensive experience with Autodesk Maya software, and strong python programming skills.   Responsibilities: 

Working with clients and internal teams to set up project technical pipelines, primarily for Maya art and animation, and game engine integration. 
Setting up and maintaining project specific environments and automation. 
Learning and supporting varying client working environments, assets, and tools. 
Writing, maintaining, and customizing internal tools for production team. 
Building and maintaining technical documentation.  

Requirements: 

BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Graphic Art, or a related field, or equivalent experience. 
7 years in a branch of visual effects (film, game dev, tv, etc) with previous experience leading or supervising a team. 
Excellent knowledge of Maya with general knowledge of Maya rigging 
Strong Python programming skills and experience with PyQtPyside. 
Experiencing developing or maintaining project pipeline tools and system environments. 
Excellent troubleshooting skills and the ability to creatively solve problems. 
Knowledge of or experience with game engines such as Unreal, Unity, or proprietary engines.  

Pluses:

Motion Builder experience. 
Experience with other programming languages, especially C. 
Experience with perforce andor git. 
Experience with project management and tracking software (such as Shotgun). 

 
PRIVACY NOTICE TO SIE LLCS JOB APPLICANTSThis Privacy Notice explains what personal information we at Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC collect from you, and why we collect it and use it. This Notice covers our practices regarding the personal information of all applicants to our job positions. Please review it carefully.
Categories of personal information we collect from youGenerally, We Obtain This Information Through Our Recruiting TeamWe collect personal information about you throughout the recruiting process, in particular the following categories.

Identification and contact information
Direct identifiers such as your first and last name.
Indirect identifiers such as a government ID, your Social Security, work permit or passport .
Contact information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number.
Other information about you or that can be associated with you such as:
SensitiveProtected Data. During the recruitment process, you may (voluntarily) provide us with your ethnicity, gender, military service information, or physical or mental health information, as well as your national origin and citizenship.
Professional or job position-related information, including your past professional experience, references; background verification; talent management and assessment; information regarding any conflicts of interests; and the terms and conditions of your job offer.
Non-public education information, including information about your education records, such as grades and transcripts.

LI-SY1Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.