Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.At SIE, data is a critical business asset that facilitates business operations, empowers decision making, and provides vital insights into improvement and innovation of PlayStation products and services.
The Audience Platform team provides an in-house customer data platform supporting multiple teams across SIE. We are responsible for allowing our end-users to build rule-based groups of users to be used for marketing campaigns, promotions, etc. Our team works with a variety of teams to integrate their data into our platform and represent that data as attributes to build the aforementioned rule-based groups of users.
Responsibilities:

End to end ownership of the development process; from working with product requirements to go-to-market strategy
Identify performance bottlenecks and build solutions for them
Build highly available and performant systems
Design, implement, ship and maintain highly visible consumer-facing features
Tackle scalability issues with innovative technologies
Understand the existing processes and share recommendations on process improvements
Be an advocate for technical excellence and data quality
Lead and mentor junior team members

Qualifications

Experience developing high scale, distributed systems
Experience with streambatch data processing systems such as Apache Spark andor Apache Flink is a plus
Experience with Scala, Java, or Kotlin
Experience working with event streaming platforms (KafkaKinesisSQS)
Experience with container technologies, such as Docker, Kubernetes, AWS EKS
Experience building and developing Cloud-based applications or services, preferably in AWS
Experience with one or more technologies such as Lambda, DynamoDB, Snowflake,
Ability to handle periodic on-call duty as well as out-of-band requests
Ability to conduct technical deep dives into the code, cloud networking, deployments, and architecture, and work closely with product owners
Self-starter with a strong sense of ownership for your work
Strong communication skills - both verbal and written

 
LI-GM1
  Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.147,500—221,300 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.