Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.The Future Technology Group here at PlayStation collaborates on exciting developments like this!
FTGs Cloud Gaming Platform enabled SONY AI to create SOPHY! 

 
Want to know how Playstation Defines SRE? https:www.sie.comenblogsie-engineering-what-is-sre-and-how-it-supports-our-global-players
 
Future Technology Engineering 
As a part of Sony Interactive Entertainment, the Future Technology Group (FTG) is leading the revolution in cloud gaming as we push the boundaries of whats possible! Would you like to use your skills, time, and passion on meaningful projects that are building the future? Were looking for people who want to make a difference, love working with creative, intelligent, and collaborative teammates. If that sounds like something you would love to do, we want to hear from you! 
 
Senior Site Reliability Engineer 
Our Service Reliability Engineering team plays a significant role in delivering on the promise of a great cloud gaming experience to our customers.  We do this by influencing design and operational decisions towards the overall stability of the gaming service. Our SREs focus on three main things: overall ownership of production, production code quality, and deployments. The successful candidate will be self-directed and able to participate in the way we make decisions at different levels. 
We expect our SREs to have opinions on the state of our service and provide critical feedback during different phases of the operational lifecycle. We are engaged throughout the SW development lifecycle, ensuring the operational readiness and stability. 
Requirements 

Minimum of 7 years working experience in Software Development andor Linux Systems Administration role. 
Strong interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills. 
Available to be scheduled in on-call rotation. 

Skills  Knowledge 

Proficient as a Linux Production Systems Engineer, with experience managing large scale Web Services infrastructure. 
Development experience in one or more of the following programming languages: 

Python (preferred) 
Bash, Go, Java, C, or Rust 


In addition, experience with at least 3 of the following topics: 

Distributed data storage at scale (Hadoop, Ceph) 
NoSQL at scale (MongoDB, Redis, Cassandra) 
Data Aggregation technologies. (ElasticSearch, Kafka) 
Scaling and running traditional RDBMS (PostgreSQL, MySQL) with High Availability 
Monitoring  Alerting (Prometheus, Grafana), and Incident Management toolsets  
Kubernetes andor AWS (deployment and management)  
Software Distribution (Package management and distribution at scale) 
Configuration Management (ansible, saltstack, puppet, chef) 
SW Performance analysis and load testing (QA or SDET experience: a plus) 



Responsibilities 

Taking a leadership role in ongoing improvements in Reliability and Scalability 
Work closely with SRE Management to define KPIs, processes and drive continuous improvement 
Influence the architecture and implementation of solutions within the division 
Mentor more junior SRE staff and enable them for success 
Act as a voice to represent SRE in the wider organization 
Represent the operational scalability of solutions in the wider division 
Lead small-scale projects from inception to implementation 
Design platform-wide solutions and provide technical leadership during their implementation 
Demonstrate a high-level of organizational skills and initiative in the role 

 
LI-TP1 Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.148,600—223,000 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.