Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Live Team Intern - MLB The Show
San Diego, CA (Fully in Person)
An intern will research, create, test and help launch new game content with the Live Team. This usually requires working with content tools, databases and spreadsheets, while keeping up with the latest MLB news and trends. In addition, bringing in a passion for baseball history and statistics will be useful as we often adjust player attributes and grade players past performances for roster updates. We expect our team to maintain a collaborative spirit that encourages everyone to help find the right ideas and the best compromises. 
Responsibilities:

Generate ideas, create designs, perform testing and launch new content in MLB The Show
Track and provide reports on baseball trends, and watch highlights from the current MLB season
Research baseball players and history, and source images to assist the Live Team
Learn to use content tools to build and test new content in MLB The Show
Monitor social media platforms and forums for feedback from MLB The Show fans

Qualifications:

Currently enrolled in an accredited university, pursuing a Bachelors degree in Interactive MediaVideo Games, Computer Science, EconomicsFinance, EngineeringMath, Sports Management, Communications or related field
Projected to graduate between December 2024  June 2025
Interest in the sport of baseball and a willingness to live and breathe it with the Live Team 
Creative thinker with strong attention to detail
Quality written communication skills and the ability to convey abstract concepts
Positive attitude and a collaborative spirit in a group project setting
Knowledge of competitive products and various gameplay genres
Understanding of the key elements that create an engaging video game experience
Internships are available to students who are US citizens or international students with an F-1 visa 
Must be available to work for 12 weeks from May  August or June  September

Cover Letter that highlights the following: Why do you want to be on the Live Team to work on Diamond Dynasty mode in MLB The Show? and What games you are currently playing and why?
Desired qualifications:

Experience in game or software development, especially UIUX
Strong math, probability, statistics, communications or organizational skills
In-depth understanding of baseball rules, records, history and fantasy sports
Basic knowledge of coding, algorithms and computer logic 

Our intern positions offer a fixed hourly pay rate. Please note that the pay rate is exclusive to the internship period and may not reflect what pay may look like following the completion of an internship. Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.36.50—36.50 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.