Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.ProductionProducerScrum Master Intern
San Diego, CA or Remote 
Sony San Diego Studio is looking for a Production Intern, ready to contribute at the center of people and process as part of our Production team. Our ideal candidate is a servant leader committed to the growth and well-being of the team, while helping foster a culture of candor and collaboration in a growing studio. They also possess strong agile Scrum methodology and project management skills. While youll primarily be working on the Experience Team assisting with UX and UI, you may also be assisting with other teams. 
Responsibilities:

Assist with facilitation and schedule management of daily scrums, sprint reviewsretros, and planning
Work closely with Product Owner, Scrum Team, and other Scrum Masters to help teams reach their sprint goals as an Assistant Scrum Master 
Participate in design, research, marketing, PR and planning meetings to provide feedback and insight
Contribute ideas for new concepts, features and designs
Collaborate with production team on studio-wide efforts to improve processes and foster a healthy culture at a team level
Coordinate across various teams and development disciplines: programmers, artists, and designers
Help identify impediments and cross-dependencies between teams
Ensure bugs and QA related issues are communicated and addressed by engineers, programmers and other team members

Qualifications:

Currently enrolled in an accredited university, pursuing a Bachelors or Advanced degree, projected to graduate between December 2024 - June 2025
Excellent communication, interpersonal and diplomacy skills
Excellent organizational  prioritization skills, attention to detail, process knowledge and ability to multi-task
Experience with documentation, presentations and mock ups
Experience with bug tracking  task management software such as Jira 
Experience with a school related game project or personal game project
Experience working with various game development disciplines: programmers, artists and designers
Familiar with Agile, Scrum and project management
Must love games and is passionate to create them!
Internships are available to students who are US citizens or international students with an F-1 visa 
Must be available to work for 12 weeks from May  August or June  September
Cover letters are highly encouraged!

Desired qualifications:

Experience with Jira  Confluence
Experience with team communication software such as Slack  Microsoft Teams
Experience with games engines such as Unreal or Unity

Our intern positions offer a fixed hourly pay rate. Please note that the pay rate is exclusive to the internship period and may not reflect what pay may look like following the completion of an internship. Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.33.25—43 USD Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location. Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.This is a flexible role that can be remote, with varying pay ranges based on geographic location. For example, if you are based out of Seattle, the estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.33.25—43 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.