Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation. 
Join the award-winning team that created God of War
Santa Monica Studio is seeking a Lead UIUX Designer to partner with the UI and Gameplay teams to design a range of User Interface and User Experience content and functionality!
In this role, you will interpret the needs of the game and its systems to understand what drives the information being presented to the player, and the desired player experience. You will lead a team of designers, artists, and engineers to drive technical implementation and asset creation. You will take ownership of how we communicate information to the player, with an emphasis on player experience and comprehension.
Responsibilities

Design and champion the UI and UX for the project
Support and supplement the creative vision of the Game Director, Design Director and Art Director, achieving clarity and visual quality within technical constraints
Design intuitive UIUX structure and flow, with a focus on the best user experience possible, utilizing grey-boxing, wire-framing, flowcharts, mockups, and other prototyping techniques
Own and communicate the high-level vision and creative goals for UIUX
Ensure information is conveyed to the player clearly, and in keeping with the visual style and context of the game - in addition to a front-end shell and pause menus, this might also include (but is not limited to) tutorials, healthdamage information, leading the player, indicating objectives, weapons, pickups, items, skills, upgrades, and player progression systems
Be the owner of UIUX processes. Review, document, share, build knowledge, and iterate processes within the team
Create andor integrate assets and test functionality of UI components
Consistently play through game content and alert other departments about areas where player comprehension may be lacking
Extract usability insights through self-guided play and validation, playtests, user research, team feedback, and community feedback. Work with production and design leadership to translate feedback into scheduled, practical tasks to improve the player experience
Play and analyze many games, and understand a wide variety of approaches to UI and UX

Requirements

6 years in game development, with at least 4 years in a lead UI or UX design role
Be passionate and knowledgeable about UI and UX design, and able to articulate this
Deep understanding of visual hierarchy, layout design, and usability design
Ability to generate and convey the vision for the user experience the ability break down that vision into a roadmap for getting content into the game and up on the screen
Preference for failing fast and iterating through feedback

Preferred Experience

Recent console title shipped in UI or UX Design role
Experience leading a cross-functional team and interest in mentoring designers and UI artists
Experience with accessibility design and implementation in video games

 
LI-SMSLI-MC1
  Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.133,400—200,200 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.