Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.
Sony Interactive Entertainments Platform Experience Group (PEG) is a global organization that delivers the hardware, product, and technology of the PlayStation ecosystem. 


As part of the PEG division, the Program Management Office (PMO) is responsible for bringing diverse groups across functions together operating as one team to deliver products that delight our customers through highly effective program management.
We are seeking an experienced program manager with portfolio and process expertise to manage our portfolio planning and governance process for our core development platform and key programs. As Portfolio Staff Program Manager, you will drive critical strategic portfolio and key processes over a global scale. You will partner with teams and leaders in product management, engineering, security, and more.  

 

 



Responsibilities: 




Drive and manage the global product portfolio processes for our core product development platform and key programs, including managing new intakes, prioritization, resource allocation, communication, and reporting. 


Collaborate with product management, engineering, design, finance, and others to ensure a seamless execution of the portfolio management process. 


Identify potential risks and challenges that threaten the product portfolio and track mitigation plans. 


Provide a single source of truth and visibility on the status and health of the portfolio through reports based on key performance metrics and data. 








Create and manage a governance process and cadence to review the portfolio, evaluate new requests, and prioritize the portfolio to meet business needs. 


Continuously develop and implement process improvements. 


Some travel (domestic  international) may be required, as well as in-office collaboration in line with our hybrid working policy. 



 

Qualifications: 






10 years direct or related work experience leading complex program portfolios in a gaming, technology, consumer electronics, or other related field. 


Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent experience. 


Highly organized, dedicated, team player that takes initiative and can influence outcomes autonomously in a matrix organization. 


Excellent communication and presentation skills, capable of successfully communicating with all levels of the organization. 


Strong analytical, problem-solving skills. 


Experience in the gaming industry is not required, but interest in gaming is strongly desired. 






Desired qualifications: 




Experience working in a global company and team preferred. 


Previous use of established portfolio management methodologies (e.g., PMIs PfMP, SAFes Lean Portfolio Management) is welcome but not required. 


 
LI-GM1


  



 
 Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.174,600—262,000 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.