Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation. 
Join the award-winning team that created God of War
Santa Monica Studio is seeking a Senior Character Artist for the development of a new unannounced title!
As a Senior Character Artist, you will help to execute the artistic vision and develop an awesome product by using a combination of traditional fine art and technical art skills to create our characters. We are looking for you to learn from the industrys premier talent in art and tech to create AAA characters!
Responsibilities

Create Industry Leading, Highest Quality Character Assets that balance visual fidelity and game design constraints
Work Closely with Art Director and Leads to drive the team and evangelize the artistic vision
Establish and Share Best Practices For Craft and Mentor Less Experienced, Junior Artists
Collaborate with other departments such as Concept, Animation, Rigging, and Combat to ensure art meets specifications
Work with Outsourcing Team to plan, review, and integrate Character Assets
Work with Production to provide estimates, review schedules, and deliver assets on time
Clearly communicate regular updates and proactively voice concerns to appropriate team members and manager(s)
Utilize artistic techniques and processes to define and achieve the products visual style and benchmarks
Ensure that Character Assets are of the highest artistic quality and uphold the integrity of the games design
Research and Adopt New Techniques to drive innovation and push Character Art Quality

Requirements

5  Years of experience as a 3D Character Artist
Shipped AAA games from start to finish
Strong Traditional Fine Art Skills with an emphasis on scale, anatomy, composition, color theory, 2D3D design
Advanced Understanding of Industry Standard Software such as Maya, Photoshop, ZBrush, and Texture CreationMaterial Editing (Substance PainterMariHoudiniUnrealUnity)
Capable of resolving a range of complex artistic development issues for both artists as well as other members
Familiarity with video game development including, but not limited to workflow, tools, lighting, high and low poly modeling, texture painting, PBR material setup, UV layout, and engine parametersoptimizations desirable
Desire to strive for greatness and improvement
Possess strong time management and prioritization skills
Good communication, organizational, and interpersonal skills

 
LI-SMSLI-MC1
  Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.95,500—143,300 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.