Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Machine Learning Engineer
 
We seek a Machine Learning Engineer passionate about developing algorithms. Here, you will develop algorithms with clear technical documentation and prototypes demonstrating high-quality results. You will be tasked to advance our production technology and tools for performance capture and virtual humans. If this is you, come and apply!  
 
Responsibilities:  

Develop and apply machine learning and deep learning algorithms, work to optimize performance, and build prototypes for performance capture  virtual humans initiatives. 
Leverage data to develop machine learning pipelines  tools. Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for data analyses, model development, validation and implementation. 
Work with character, scan,  motion capture teams to identify and lead projects that elevate quality and improve performance.  
Follow software  engineering practices outlined by the Visual Arts engineering team.
Influence the Visual Arts innovation roadmap. 

 
Requirements

Proficient in C and OO design in productionRD environment. 
Strong programming skills in Python, Matlab, or similar languages. 
Experience with ML frameworks such as Tensoflow, Keras, Torch, Caffe, etc. 
Machine Learning with a specific focus on animation, rigging, facial performance, and character creation. 
Professional exposure to animation  game development pipelines. 
Understanding of mathematical optimization and underlying implementation of modern neural network architectures. 
Strong communication skills with the ability to learn fast and solve complex tasks.  
Driven to produce high-quality and innovative solutions. 
Strong math and research experience in computer vision, computer graphics, machine vision, or imagevideo processing.  
Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent. 
Experience using Unreal andor proprietary game engines. 

 

PRIVACY NOTICE TO SIE LLCS JOB APPLICANTS 
This Privacy Notice explains what personal information we at Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC collect from you, and why we collect it and use it. This Notice covers our practices regarding the personal information of all applicants to our job positions. Please review it carefully. 
Categories of personal information we collect from you 
 
Generally, We Obtain This Information Through Our Recruiting Team 
 
We collect personal information about you throughout the recruiting process, in particular the following categories. 

Identification and contact information 
Direct identifiers such as your first and last name. 
Indirect identifiers such as a government ID, your Social Security, work permit or passport . 
Contact information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number. 
Other information about you or that can be associated with you such as: 
SensitiveProtected Data. During the recruitment process, you may (voluntarily) provide us with your ethnicity, gender, military service information, or physical or mental health information, as well as your national origin and citizenship. 
Professional or job position-related information, including your past professional experience, references; background verification; talent management and assessment; information regarding any conflicts of interests; and the terms and conditions of your job offer. 
Non-public education information, including information about your education records, such as grades and transcripts. 

LI-SY1 
Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.