Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Senior Business Planning AnalystSan Mateo, CA (collab) requires onsite work
The Direct to Consumer (D2C) team is part of a vibrant Global Sales organization whose mission is to grow the lifetime value of PlayStation customers by providing world-leading customer-centric retail experiences. D2C brings together staff from around the world, with a passion for engaging PlayStation gamers with relevant and entertaining content. Our area of Sony Interactive Entertainment has seen significant growth in recent years and has now become a key revenue driver for the business. In September 2019, PlayStation launched direct.PlayStation.com, our first direct to consumer hardware and peripherals business. We are now in the US and 10 European markets.
Role Overview:
Were looking for an experienced Planning professional with the potential to grow their career as PSD grows. The role of Sales Planning Manager for direct.PlayStation.com, drives accountability for business results through accurate forecasting  planning. We are looking for individuals who are motivated by being part of a truly global team, who are passionate about e-commerce, and inspired by being at the forefront of gaming monetization.
What youll be doing:

This role will lead all aspects of from helping the Commercial leadership define local market strategies, through the weekly oversight of performance metrics, to leading the annual planning process
The successful candidate will become comfortable with ambiguity, have strong attention to detail, and be motivated by a fast-paced and ambitious environment
Lead key planning processes such as budgeting and forecasting
Be responsible for the weekly sales forecast
Plan and deliver regular business reviews focused on constructive challenge, continuous learning, and recommendations
Build updates and comprehensive stories for key meetings such as Weekly and Quarterly Business Reviews as well as ad-hoc analysis and updates to leadership
Define, manage and optimize key demand and sales performance metrics and derive important insights from them Scale capacity and expertise as PS Direct expands globally
Act as a trusted advisor to senior leadership This is a hands-on role working across a variety of teams
You will develop and maintain positive relationships with a core group of partners across the organization, especially Commercial teams, Finance, and BIReporting
This is a hands-on role working across a variety of teams. You will develop and maintain positive relationships with a core group of partners across the organization, especially Commercial teams, Finance, and BIReporting

What were looking for:

At least 5 years experience in Planning and Insights eCommerce experience essential
Passion for using data-driven insights to improve customer experience
Excellent analytical abilities and strong business acumen
Strong stakeholder management skills to enable cross-functional collaboration
Advanced presentation and communication skills: being a clear and concise communicator with the ability to synthesize a lot of information quickly, highlight the key takeaways, and disseminate practical insights
This person must thrive in a fast-paced environment, possess a high level of intellectual curiosity, and focus on generating results.
As you will be working closely with global and local teams, international travel and calls involving late and early hours due to time zone differences may be required.

PlayStation offers a global hybrid officeremote working model — Flex Modes — which aims to combine the flexibility of remote working with the magic of in-person collaboration. The model is built upon the principle of working together in-person as work requires, with the freedom to work remotely otherwise.
LI-LF1 Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.140,300—210,500 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.