Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Location: London, UK (hybrid) 
Position Overview:
Sony Interactive Entertainments global PlayStation Studios User Research team is looking for a Lead User Researcher to manage a small team in London. PlayStation Studios User Research is a global team split between the UK and the US that conducts player experience research throughout the end-to-end game development process for all of our first- and second-party studios.  In this position you will report to the Director of PlayStation Studios User Research UK and collaborate closely with the other leads across the global research team.  
 
Principal Responsibilities: 
The Lead User Experience Researcher is responsible for developing strategic research programs, managing and coordinating research staff, conducting research, and partnering with Studio teams to incorporate research insights into the game development cycle. This Lead User Research will do the following:  

Translate development goals and strategies into research opportunities. 


Oversee your team as they plan, organise, and moderate user research sessions.  
Create and supervise the creation of long-term research roadmaps, effectively balancing competing priorities.  
Collate and analyse results, identify actionable insights and reportdiscuss synthesised findings with relevant stakeholders. 
Prepare and effectively communicate bespoke research deliverables across the various disciplines of the game development team. 
Work with the game development team to create and track post-test action plans. 


Serve as a thought partner in critical discussions with Studio leadership in ensuring a data-informed approach to end-to-end game development, from selecting and understanding audience through understanding in-game player behaviours post-launch.  
Organise and coordinate global research work and collaborations where appropriate with other PlayStation Studios user researchers based in San Mateo, San Diego, Burbank, Santa Monica, London, and Montreal. 
Manage the work and wellbeing of a small team of researchers. 
Serve as a proactive driver of a positive team culture. 

 
The successful candidate should demonstrate:   
This is a senior position requiring significant industry experience delivering research across all phases of development of AAA videogame titles or products of equivalent complexity.  

Advanced degree or equivalent experience in an analytic field that focuses on experimental design with people andor product development, such as Psychology, Cognitive Science, Behavioural Economics, or Human Factors. 
A deep passion for and understanding of game design, and an innate curiosity for understanding player motivations and behaviours. 
Proven methodological skills including expert review, usability testing, playtesting, survey design, text  verbal analysis, and observational fieldwork, as well as ability to triangulate across multiple methods to answer multifaceted questions. 


Proven ability to work effectively with other insights-generating teams, such as community managers, marketing, and analytics  data science, to synthesise complex streams of data into actionable insights.  
Competency with descriptive and inferential statistical techniques and tools such as telemetry, SPSS, R, regression and ANOVA. 
Proven ability to be self-driven, organised, and analytical, with a successful track record of balancing the ideals of scientific research methods with the realities of fast-paced product development.  
Proven ability to creatively and flexibly engage cross-functional product development teams with research findings, for example conducting workshops and creating insights repositories.  
Comfortable interacting with, negotiating with, and communicating with stakeholders of different backgrounds and responsibilities (e.g., Art, Analytics, Engineering). 


Experience managing the time and development of other employees. 
Moderate to advanced fluency with different game business models, PL frameworks, and how research can inform both business and design decisions.  
Strong verbal, numerical, and written communication skills required; presenting information concisely and effectively to people at all levels of the organisation is critical. 
Forward thinking and actively maintains an interest in the games user research field, keeping up-to-date with developing tools and techniques. 
Some time-shifting to meet with the US will be required. 


Occasional travel, including international travel, may be required.
Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.