Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.--
Principal Server Programmer (Media Molecule)
We are Media Molecule, a multi-award winning game developer and a proud member of the Playstation Studios family. We have a history of creating revolutionary games such as LittleBigPlanet, Tearaway and most recently, the BAFTA Award winning Dreams. Its a fantastic time to join us as we embark on our next adventure, defining and executing the vision for our next ambitious project and settling into our spectacular, newly refurbished studio in central Guildford. We are now searching for a Principal Server Programmer to join our team.
Location: Our studio in Guildford or remote (able to work within the same time zone as the UK via video conferencing due to the need for close real-time collaboration).
Role: We are looking for an enthusiastic and creative individual to join our server team and work closely with cross discipline client-side teams to improve upon and scale new and existing server features.
What youll be doing:

You will help to design, develop and support high performance online services.
You will own and implement technical delivery of aspects of our backend server solutions.
Assist with the deployment of new servers and monitor their operations after launch. Improve and iterate on low level networking systems.
Complete profiling, performance analysis and performance tuning to ensure server and game performance goals are met.

Skills required:

Team player with good communication skills.
Good working knowledge of Go-lang andor familiarity with C.
Excellent debugging and analytical skills.
Knowledge of algorithms and data structures.
Knowledge of common networking protocols and network security.

Experience required:

Professional programming experience working as a server programmer developing distributed scalable systems.
Experience with AWS, Docker, and Kubernetes and experience working in Windows and Linux environments.

Advantageous:

Experience building and maintaining online services for games at scale.

 
In return we offer the opportunity to be part of a talented, diverse and social team, with a tip top benefits package including (but not limited to);

Competitive salary  bonus scheme
Contributory pension scheme, life assurance, income protection and access to a financial planning coach
25 days holiday and discretionary additional holiday days over summer and Christmas
Flexible working practices (onsite, hybrid, UK remote, core hours  role dependent)
Free lunches, snacks and refreshments on site
Private health and dental insurance plus Online GP access
Modern health EAP
Free PS game codes and Sony product discounts
Quarterly Mm wellbeing days
Gymflex discount
250 annual personal development fund and access to our online learning library
Enhanced maternity and paternity leave
Menopause policy
Volunteering opportunities

 Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.