Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Job description
Nixxes Software is looking for passionate and skilled Environment Artists to join a growing team of artists and engineers to create AAA experiences for upcoming projects. As an Environment Artist, you will be involved in world building and object creation for major game franchises in collaboration with other renowned PlayStation Studios around the world.

Location of Employment

This position requires ONSITE work in the Netherlands. However, once you are based in the Netherlands, there are opportunities to work remotely from home.

 

Responsibilities

Create 3D models and materials to the quality standards set by the Art Director and Lead Artist.
Visualize environments in interesting and compelling ways based on the quality standards set by the Art Director and Lead Artist.
Work together with our design team on the creation and completion of levels.

Essential Requirements

Strong spatial sense and a good eye for level composition, colors, light and texture, and the ability to bring these together into a compelling image.
Experience with software like Autodesk Maya, Substance 3D Designer, Substance 3D Painter, ZBrush and Adobe Photoshop.
Is the 

Competencies

Communicates with directnesscandor and is adept at conflict resolution.
High standards of respect and values strong teamwork.
Ability to adapt to changing circumstances.
Positive thinker with an ambitious drive towards quality and success

Portfolio submission is required for this position
Please keep your portfolio simple and clear. Show us a few examples of your best work that you feel best represents you and your skills. Include a brief description of what you were responsible for, how much time it took to complete and the date it was created.
Plusses

Bachelors degree or higher in Game Art or Game Development.
Ability to create simple 2D concepts with self-assistance.
Experience in the games industry or a related industry.
Experience with AAA engines.
Experience with Houdini.
Interest in the technical aspects of AAA game development.
(Native) Dutch speaker.
Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.