Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.The Future Technology Group here at PlayStation collaborates on exciting developments like this!
FTGs Cloud Gaming Platform enabled SONY AI to create SOPHY! 

 
The Future Technology Group (FTG) is looking for a Senior Manager, Product Architecture to lead a small team of Architects and Staff Engineers to develop robust technical solutions to build the future of gaming. This leader and their team will be responsible for providing solution architecture support for the Future Technology Group. Additionally, this individual will work with other leaders in PlayStation to champion changes to improve developer productivity and efficiency. This leader needs to have a strong understanding of current and future technology trends in the software industry.
 
Responsibilities


Lead, coach, mentor and inspire a dedicated team of technical leads to architect robust software solutions.


As needed, develop proof of concept software to demonstrate value of various solutions.


Own and drive end-to-end delivery of multiple large cross-regional, cross-functional initiatives with multi-level dependencies.


Participate in implementation and design of system architectures.


Define strategy and vision for Product Architecture team.


Work with leads of different departments to remove blockers, improve the overall software development process, and drive cross team initiatives.


Provide career development and mentorship for backend engineering team members.


Able to have in-depth discussions with individual contributors on deeply technical topics.


Provide regular status updates to upper management.


Act as point of contact for external SIE organizations or teams.


Works with project managers to define technical roadmaps and programs.


Stays up to date on the latest trends in software development.


 
Requirements


BS, MS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience


12 years of relevant hands-on development experience


7 years managing teams andor projects


 
Skills  Knowledge


Expert knowledge of a modern programming language (Java, Python, etc)


Expert knowledge of various NoSQL and relational datastores


Expert knowledge on building highly resilient distributed systems which can handle significant load


Familiar with On Premise and Public Cloud architectures


Knowledge of project management tools: JIRA, Confluence, etc.


Solid understanding of Agile development processes


Additional Attributes


Enjoys working in a fast-paced environment


Strong communication and documentation skills


Enjoys giving technical presentations


 
LI-TP1 Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.190,700—286,100 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.