Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.About GSBO: 
The Global Sales and Business Operations (GSBO) team brings together staff from around the world, with a passion for engaging gamers with PlayStations extraordinary products and services. GSBO teams are located in countries across the globe, balancing local relevance with a global perspective. Across our Direct to Consumer, channel partners, and services business, our teams work cross-functionally to bring the best of the PlayStation experience to markets and channels around the world 
Role overview
The role sits within a team that covers Globalised processes that support the overall PL with focus on OPEX

Manages and coordinates the global processes, calendars and assumptions between FPA and other business units
Reporting to the Director Global FPA but also liaising with various business partners and Global accounting teams

What youll be doing:

Review assumptions and key drivers to facilitate plan preparation and coordinate across FPA hub and Commercial Businesses
Interact with Global PL Hub Analysts to consolidate analysis and commentary against the OPEX plans
Review and sense check all Global OPEX coordinating with Hub Planners
Analyse performance against plan, identify risks  opportunities to close gaps, and prepare commentary for discussion with leadership team. Review assumptions and key drivers to facilitate plan preparation, and coordinate across FPA hub and Commercial Finance teams
Work with teams to align FPA calendar around global deliverables for all submissions to build FPA PL
Align planning assumptions behind Business and Corporate requirements and provide guidance to business teams

What were looking for:

At least 4 years relevant experience or 2 years PQE in an FPA function and of working with commercial teams or business
Strong financial background with ability to evaluate financial impact of business decisions
Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to maintain effective working relationships
Advanced knowledge of Excel (VBA level an advantage).
SAP  BW experience with experience of planning tools including their development and project management preferred

Preferred Qualities:

Organised self-starter, with drive and ambition who thrives under pressure, and is capable of confidently working alongside the most senior stakeholders across the wider business.
Intellectual bandwidth to manage multiple stakeholders across geographies and functional specialisms.
An ability to manage multiple tasks and projects with a keen eye for detail  precision, accuracy, and adherence to deadlines
Strong written  verbal communication skills, including the ability to present detailed analysis.
Proven track record of similar rolestasks in Global  Pan regional company in the subscription part of one of the below sectors: -

Retail
Online services  E-commerce
Entertainment business (GameFilmMusic)


Benefits:

Discretionary bonus opportunity
Private Medical Insurance
Dental Scheme
25 days holiday per year
On Site Gym
Subsidised Caf
Free soft drinks
On site bar
Access to cycle garage and showers

Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.