Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.

Sr. Backend Software Engineer
San Diego, CA
Do you love to build large scale enterprise applications that serve millions of happy customers? Are you interested in being part of a diverse team? Do you want to delight customers with your creation and innovation? The possibilities are limitless! 


The Identity Core Platform Team builds scalable, highly performant authentication and authorization services for our customers to access PlayStation Network. We are the front door to the entire ecosystem of gaming, social and entertainment experiences that our customers love. 


About the Job

Develop distributed services, collaborate with product managers, architects, engineers, and operations team members to build identity platform solutions.
Drive delivery of solutions that are simple, maintainable, well abstracted, and with extremely high quality, resilience, and performance.
Work with our existing technologies both backend and infrastructure and support existing services
Mentorgrow other team members of the engineering team and directly engage in engineering initiatives across the broader organization.
Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.
Coordinate software system installations and monitor equipment function to ensure specifications are met.
Participate in design and code reviews, identify and communicate best development practices.
Experiment with technologies, solving the problems of scaling, latencies while keeping a check on cost and quality. 





About You 



BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent 
Strong hands-on Java development expertise with backend web services using Spring boot framework deployed into AWS EC2 or EKS using Docker. 
Experience delivering identity services using the OAuth 2.0 spec or similar authenticationauthorization framework for backend services to enable customer facing applications.
Demonstrated success designing, building, and delivering high-performance, cloud based scalable web services. Strong understanding of microservice architectures. 
Experience developing applications on UnixLinux platforms with servlet containers (e.g., Tomcat), JAXRS, Spring, and related technologies. Experience developing REST based web services using JSON and XML.
Experience developing applications using data storage technologies such as Oracle, DynamoDB, and Cassandra.
Extreme passion for quality, automation, resilience, and efficiency. Solid experience with agile development methodologies and with continuous integration, test, and deployment processes.
Demonstrated ability to perform operational incident triage to restore services quickly and methodically in a live operational environment. Experience performing in-depth root-cause analysis and failure mode analysis for prevention and resilience.
Experience with tools such as IntelliJ, Datadog, Splunk, Jenkins, JIRA, Git, etc.
Ability to inspire, excite and motivate other team members and colleagues. 

LI-KS1

 Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.147,500—221,300 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.