Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Director, Legal TechnologySan Mateo, CA (collab) - will require onsite work.
Sony Interactive Entertainment seeks a Director of Legal Technology to support the global Legal department in its further build out and support of legal systems. This is a truly great opportunity to bring leadership, visionary, and technical skills to those who work on cutting-edge issues in an exciting, fast-paced environment.
Responsibilities:
This role is responsible for ensuring the global Legal teams technology framework is best in class. By leading a team of solution engineers on software procurement, development, implementation and support, the position will bring system cohesiveness and future thinking to Legals technology landscape. 

Developing, and delivering on a technical project roadmap to drive operational efficiencies and innovation.
Aligning with global stakeholders on business needs and opportunities to develop a long-term vision and an actionable roadmap.
Liaising with corporate IT to ensure system and roadmap alignment.
Collaborating with internal and external teams on technical solution design and delivery.
Sourcing and implementing new software.
Managing relationships with software vendors and service providers.
Developing efficient, user-friendly, and integrated processes and systems.
Overseeing complex integrations and leading large-scale data migration efforts.
Applying advanced analysis and technical expertise to complex problems.
Understanding emerging technologies and how they can be incorporated into the future roadmap.

Qualifications:

At least 12 years of experience managing global legal systems, implementing new systems, and developing and executing on project roadmaps.
At least 8 years of people management experience.
Strong experience with every part of the development life cycle  from requirements gathering to development, testing, and deployment.
Experience with APIs or integration middleware.
Experience with change management and a track record of developing efficient system and process improvements with a high user satisfaction rating.
Strategic thought leader with a drive to think creatively and act nimbly.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to present and collaborate well with individuals at all levels of the organization.
Advanced user of tools such as Excel and PowerPoint is preferred.
Advanced degree is a plus.
Interest in the gaming industry is a plus! 

LI-SF1LI-HYBRID Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.235,800—353,800 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.