Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Lead Concept Artist
 
PlayStation Studios Visual Arts and PlayStation Studios Malaysia are both passionate teams within the PlayStation family, made up of game and film industry professionals from all over the world.
Always at the cutting edge of technology, the teams work with studios like Naughty Dog, Insomniac, Santa Monica Studios, Guerrilla Games, Bend Studios, SuckerPunch, San Diego Studio, Japan Studios, and more PlayStation first-party teams, providing world-class content development and services to these studios. 
We are currently looking for a Lead Concept Artist to come aboard and support our global outsourcing team.
Reporting into the Outsource Manager in PlayStation Studios Malaysia while collaborating with the Concept Supervisor team and Outsource Manager in PlayStation Visual Arts, the Lead Concept Artist will be working with a team of concept artists to bring artistic visions to life. In addition to having the needed craftmanship, such as color keys, mood pieces, production designs, and key art, we are in search of those who can bring creative and thoughtful designs together, and bringing clients artistic visions to life.
The ability to distil ideas of game experience into compelling aesthetic designs for characters, worlds, props, and other assets and solid experience in artistic pipeline creation will be critical to the role.
 
Responsibilities: 

Builds and manages the concept art team 
Engages and mentors concept artists to ensure team cohesion and helps develop both short and long-term career goals advised by the Art Department Manager. 
Participates in the overall planning and scope of the Concept needs for projects. 
Works with other departments to ensure that concept assets are delivered in a timely manner. 
Helps advance and improve concept art quality through reviews of work with a critical, artistic eye. 
Works with Project Management to help create and maintain clear and consistent schedules. 
Communication with other art teams for the purpose of scoping work, understanding needs, and proposing solutions. 
Being the bridge between the concept art team and other art teams to ensure the smooth transition of concept to assets. 
Other duties may be assigned. 

 
Requirements: 

8 years in concept art, preferably within a game studio environment. 
Mastery of industry-standard software applications for creating concept art. 
Excellent traditional artistic skills with a strong grasp of art fundamentals. 
Possesses the ability to communicate and navigate complex design problems with both an internal and offsite team. 
Excellent time management and prioritization skills. 

 
Bonuses: 

Understanding of a variety of art and design disciplines (industrial design, human anatomy, automotive design, architectural and interior design, environmentalworld building, etc.) 
A fundamental understanding of the 3D asset building process 
Ability to do block-outs in 3D 

 

PRIVACY NOTICE TO SIE LLCS JOB APPLICANTS 
This Privacy Notice explains what personal information we at Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC collect from you, and why we collect it and use it. This Notice covers our practices regarding the personal information of all applicants to our job positions. Please review it carefully. 
Categories of personal information we collect from you 
 
Generally, We Obtain This Information Through Our Recruiting Team 
 
We collect personal information about you throughout the recruiting process, in particular the following categories. 

Identification and contact information 
Direct identifiers such as your first and last name. 
Indirect identifiers such as a government ID, your Social Security, work permit or passport . 
Contact information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number. 
Other information about you or that can be associated with you such as: 
SensitiveProtected Data. During the recruitment process, you may (voluntarily) provide us with your ethnicity, gender, military service information, or physical or mental health information, as well as your national origin and citizenship. 
Professional or job position-related information, including your past professional experience, references; background verification; talent management and assessment; information regarding any conflicts of interests; and the terms and conditions of your job offer. 
Non-public education information, including information about your education records, such as grades and transcripts. 

LI-SY1 

 Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.