Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.PlayStation Studios Visual Arts and PlayStation Studios Malaysia are both passionate teams within the PlayStation family, made up of game and film industry professionals from all over the world.
Always at the cutting edge of technology, the teams work with studios like Naughty Dog, Insomniac, Santa Monica Studios, Guerrilla Games, Bend Studios, SuckerPunch, San Diego Studio, Japan Studios, and more PlayStation first-party teams, providing world-class content development and services to these studios. 
Currently working on PlayStations well-known and well-loved franchises, our Animation team in PlayStation Studios Malaysia is looking for talented, highly-motivated and creative Senior Animators to breathe life into the next chapter of in-game and cinematic storytelling.
Why work when you can play? This is life at PlayStation!
Responsibilities:

Comprehend and execute direction from Animation Manager Supervisor.
Establish quality standards by creating compelling character performances, utilizing motion capture and keyframe animation technics.
 Help to maintain the quality standards by establishing guidelines and documenting requirements for the look and quality bar of the animation.
Coach Mentor junior members in the animator team in maintaining exceeding the required level of productivity for creation of computer-generated in-game cinematic animation, which may include the following: -

Creating game animation elements and implementing them in a game engine.
Work within the toolset and workflow for keyframe andor motion capture production.
Create in-game and pre-rendered animation according to the direction of the client and project.
Create body and facial animation for human characters, along with animation for creatures, vehicles, props, and other assets to be integrated into in-game engines andor cinematic sequences.

Communicate updates and creative goals while also offering up potential, effective solutions to challenges.
Understand, interpret and adopt feedback from supervisors and or clients alike to improve production outcome performance.
Balance high expectations of production outcome performance with production schedules and milestone requirements.
Collaborate with the technical art and engineering team to help establish, iterate, and refine the animation tools, pipeline and systems requirements.
Work closely with the Design and Production teams to plan, prioritize, and assign tasks to animation team members.
Contribute to a creative, collaborative and fun working atmosphere amongst the team.

Requirements:

Expert and hands-on knowledge of Maya for animation, both aesthetically and technically.
Deep understanding of character animation and movements, both aesthetically and realistically.
Keen understanding of animation production pipelines for character animation, motion capture animation, and technical animation.
Ability to create high quality, story-driven performance animation.
Ability to communicate effectively and articulate eloquently, especially in offering productive opinions while evaluating the work of junior members in the team.
A strong team member, able to collaborate with a wide range of peers, leads, supervisors, producers, and management in an open working environment.
Flexible in taking changes in direction while working within the defined procedures.

Pluses:

Understanding of MotionBuilder.
Strong pre-production skills including, but not limited to, thumbnailing, storyboarding, and animatics.

 
PRIVACY NOTICE TO SIE LLCS JOB APPLICANTSThis Privacy Notice explains what personal information we at Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC collect from you, and why we collect it and use it. This Notice covers our practices regarding the personal information of all applicants to our job positions. Please review it carefully.
Categories of personal information we collect from youGenerally, We Obtain This Information Through Our Recruiting TeamWe collect personal information about you throughout the recruiting process, in particular the following categories.

Identification and contact information
Direct identifiers such as your first and last name.
Indirect identifiers such as a government ID, your Social Security, work permit or passport .
Contact information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number.
Other information about you or that can be associated with you such as:
SensitiveProtected Data. During the recruitment process, you may (voluntarily) provide us with your ethnicity, gender, military service information, or physical or mental health information, as well as your national origin and citizenship.
Professional or job position-related information, including your past professional experience, references; background verification; talent management and assessment; information regarding any conflicts of interests; and the terms and conditions of your job offer.
Non-public education information, including information about your education records, such as grades and transcripts.

LI-SY1Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.