Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Animation Intern
San Diego, CA (Fully in Person)
The Animation Team at San Diego Studio creates all of the animation assets for MLB The Show! The assets we are responsible for include gameplay, cutscene, player personalized animations, and player Front End Animations. As an Animation intern working on MLB The Show, you will effectively collaborate with a wide-range of development team members outside of your direct discipline, such as the Art Manager, Art Leads, Designers, Technical Artists, Programmers, and Producers, to optimally achieve artistic goals and implementation.
Responsibilities:

 Create, edit, and implement motion capture data assigned by the Lead Animator.
 Learn and utilize custom tools and basic scripting
 Collaborate with the Animation Team and other teams or individuals as needed
 Research and contribute to the production pipelines, processes, and workflows.
 Additional responsibilities may be assigned as needed

Qualifications:

Currently enrolled in an accredited university, pursuing a Bachelors degree, projected to graduate between December 2024 - Spring 2025
A demo reel that demonstrates strong knowledge of fundamental animation principles
Demonstrate proficient command of weight, timing, and posing through manipulating motion capture data as well as key-framing
Strong knowledge of MotionBuilder or Maya
Good communication, organizational, time management and interpersonal skills
Must be available to work for 12 weeks from May  August or June  September
Internships are available to students who are US citizens or international students with an F-1 visa 

Our intern positions offer a fixed hourly pay rate. Please note that the pay rate is exclusive to the internship period and may not reflect what pay may look like following the completion of an internship. Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.36.50—36.50 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.