Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation. 
Join the award-winning team that created God of War
Santa Monica Studio is seeking an experienced engineering manager for the development of a new unannounced title!
Managing a team of programmers, partnering with Technical Directors and engineering Leads, collaborating with other managers, hiring, firing, mentoring, performances reviews, keeping everyone on the career trajectory they want to be on  thats the job.  Have you got the coding experience?  Have you got the people management chops?  Are you up for it?  If so, give us a shout!
Responsibilities

Develop an interpersonal relationship with the programmers andor technical artists; know their personalities, strengths, and weaknesses
Manage a team of leads and individual contributors, providing support, mentorship, constructive feedback, and career development advice
Write and deliver regular performance appraisals
Counsel as needed (including PIPs and other corrective  disciplinary actions)
Work with the other managers to refine, communicate, and administer standards and processes for evaluating performance
Support the other managers, leads, directors, and recruiting team in identifying, sourcing, interviewing, and hiring talent
Facilitate communication and feedback between engineers and engineering leads
Present, communicate, and advocate engineering perspectives as appropriate and needed
Seek collaborative resolution to both intra and inter team conflicts
Contribute to a positive work environment

Requirements

B.S. degree in computer science or equivalent experience
Minimum five years programming experience
Minimum one game development cycle managing, coaching, and mentoring technical developers
Exceptional verbal and written communications skills
Exceptional attention to detail and follow through
Experience with staffing and team building
Knowledge of various project management methodologies and practices
Project scheduling experience
Good cross-disciplinary communication
Unrelenting self-motivation and initiative
Approachable, relaxed, and friendly demeanor

 
LI-SMSLI-AM1
  Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.156,000—234,000 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.