Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Game Test Analyst - Baseball
at Sony Interactive Entertainment PlayStation
San Diego, CA
This position is for a temporary engagement through our staffing partner DZConneX (Yoh Services).  The anticipated duration of this engagement will vary. The duration of the assignment cannot exceed 36 months.
This is an entry level role and great for a recent grad!
Game Testers at PlayStation for The Show are responsible for finding and replicating bugsglitches and accurately reporting them to the developers. The ideal candidate is a passionate and driven gamer and baseball fan who dreams of playing it first! We are looking for individuals that are analytical thinkers, problem solvers, have excellent grammar, and want to contribute their talents to The Show team to help craft an exceptional entertainment experience.
Quality Assurance is a great way to get into the Gaming Industry and possibly grow into other positionsfields.
The Baseball Test Analyst is expected to support the PlayStation Studios QA department in all areas including:
Responsibilities:

Executing test plans on pre-release versions of software
Assessing product functionality against official SIE quality standards
Research and documenting product defects and violations
Logging issues for development team review in concise written report formats
Collaborating with other team members to ensure quality and accuracy in online games and functionality
Utilize baseball knowledge to provide feedback that will help to improve the title for ardent fans of Major League Baseball and The Show Franchise

Qualifications:

Must be at least 18 years of age
A strong passion for and knowledge of Major League Baseball
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Excellent written and verbal communication (needs to be able to communicate bugs  how did you find them? What exact steps are needed to make it happen again?)
Basic to intermediate understanding of networking setup and hardware, as well as how its principles and components apply to modern console, PC, and mobile gaming  functionality
Ability to work in both an individual and team environment
Flexible schedule

Desired qualifications:

1 years of previous QA experience in a related field
4 year college degree
 Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, working with our partners, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location. Please note that the individual base pay range may vary based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location.In addition, this role is eligible for benefit offerings that include medical, dental, and vision. Click here to learn more.The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below, this is an hourly rate.17—20 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.