Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.THE JOB
Housemarque is looking for a Lead Designer with experience in creating high-quality 3Cs and gunplay. The ideal candidate will have a strong game design background, multiple game credits and a passion for shipping high-quality games with a fun and collaborative team. In this role youll work closely with Gameplay Director and other craft leads, and you bring out the best in our talented and passionate Design team.
What will your day-to-day look like?


Partner with the Gameplay Director and team leadership to define the creative vision and direction for character gameplay and gunplay in our project




Help steer strategic creative decisions and ensure consistency of vision with all efforts related to character gameplay and gunplay design


Assess the workload vs. production capacity, plan the work, and set priorities for the game design team


Communicate the project objectives, strategies, and general information to all team members so as to give visibility to the advancement of the development of the game and the other crafts


Mentoring other members of the Design team, helping them to improve and grow


Clearly define and champion high standards of production quality for all design work


Create a work environment that is motivating for team members and which fosters development and creation


Balance hands-on work with the management responsibilities of a craft lead


What will help you to be successful in this role?


5 years professional game development experience


Shipped at least one AAA title on any platform


Experience designing 3Cs, gunplay, or character gameplay abilities


Expertise using Unreal Engine or similar


Ability to direct, collaborate, and speak critically on story, art and content development


Excellent sense for game design and creating outstanding user experiences


Proven ability to carry complete designs from high-level concepts to high-quality execution


Positive team-oriented attitude


Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English


Strong leadership and interpersonal skills


Proactive, self-motivated and comfortable working without direct supervision


Strong ability to diagnose not-quite-working designs and prescribe elegant solutions


Able to accept critique of your work and have the ability to embrace change


Familiarity with Housemarques past games


What we offer to you?


Competitive salary, benefits, healthcare, Nordic work-life balance


Tailored immigration and relocation package to help you get settled into Finland


A warm and welcoming atmosphere at our cozy Helsinki office


Freedom, flexibility and openness in a collaborative culture


Brilliant, diverse and empathetic colleagues to work with


Exciting and ambitious projects executed with the best tools


Access to Playstation Studios collaboration, games and more!


This is a permanent, full-time position based in Helsinki, Finland. 
We will start interviewing promising candidates immediately so please apply as soon as possible.Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.