Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.
Sr. Data Scientist (Strategic Insights)
San Mateo, CA
 
Responsibilities:
Using data, you will play a crucial role in driving decision making and delivering impactful insights to our partners at SIE. You will be responsible for applying advanced analytical techniques, building machine learning models, and leveraging causal inference methods to solve complex business problems related to platform engagement, product features, and first-party games.


Apply sophisticated statistical and machine learning techniques to analyze large and complex datasets, extracting useful insights in a commercial setting


Use your knowledge in causal inference, machine learning, and statistical modeling to develop robust predictive models and identify causal relationships


Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define business problems, formulate hypotheses, and design experiments to test these hypotheses


Independently extract and integrate data from multiple data systems (including writing complex SQL queries) to support analytical efforts


Participate and support in delivering results and presentations to partners


Provide thought-leadership in ongoing financial measurement and analysis of SIEs services; Identify new insights and opportunities for analytics projects


Promote and share the teams work, methods, and skills in data science, causal inference, and machine learning with collaborators and the broader SIE community


Stay up to date on the latest advancements in the field of data science (including causal inference and machine learning) and share knowledge and new insights with team.


Qualifications:


Knowledge of gaming industry and relevant gaming titles


5 years of advanced SQL required


5 years of experience using statistical packages (R or Python) for model development


Familiarity with common development tools and practices, including version control systems (e.g., Git) and workflow management tools (e.g., Airflow)


Excellent communication and data storytelling skills, with the ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to non-technical partners


Masters Degree or Ph.D. in Applied Math, Economics, Statistics, or Engineering preferred. BABS Degree in Mathematics, Applied Math, Statistics, Computer Science is a minimum requirement


In-depth understanding and experience using supervised and non-supervised machine learning techniques


Solid understanding of causal inference methods (such as propensity score matching, synthetic control methods, and difference-in-differences) for accurately estimating causal relationships


Proficiency in designing and performing hypothesis tests to validate or reject research hypotheses


Experience with standard BI Tools (Tableau, MicroStrategy, etc.).


LI-GD1 Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.155,500—233,300 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.