Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation. 
Software Engineer, Core Technology
San Mateo, CA
Are you passionate about world class technology? Do you enjoy developing engineering solutions for software used by tens-of-millions of passionate technology loyalists around the world? Would you like a career opportunity that combines both your passion for games and skills as a software engineer? If this is you, wed love to hear from you!
We are searching for an avid software developer to be part of our Global Technology Partnerships team that provides game engine research, development, and support for the worlds leading game platforms!
Responsibilities

Code alongside, or solo on short term projects
Maintain reference code up to date with various live versions of commercial engines
Scale solutions for a wider net of developers
Collaborate with internal and external partners
Document reference code within established global documentation process
Professional, engaging, and impactful communicator

Qualifications:

Bachelor of Science degree or higher in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, or equivalent practical experience
Experience in any computational field applying GPUs or massively parallel processors
Experience using tools such as NVidia, Intel, AMD development, profiling and debugging tools.
Excellent CC programming and debugging skills
Experience with parallelization
Strong understanding of computer system architecture and operating systems
Strong collaborative and interpersonal skills, with ability to optimally guide and influence within a dynamic matrix environment

Desired qualifications:

Experience programming SIMD, GPUs, shaders.
Experience developing or supporting game engines
Experience with performance analysis
MS, or PhD in CS, or equivalent experience plus 5 years of relevant experience
 Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.138,900—208,300 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.