Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation. 
Join the award-winning team that created God of War
Santa Monica Studio is looking for a Senior Manager to provide strategy and leadership to the Design Department!
In this role you will attract, retain, and develop some of the top Design talent in the industry. You will partner with the Design Director(s) to develop a department strategy and structure that supports the realization of the creative vision, while balancing the business needs of the studio to ensure that project and studio needs are met.   Youll also play an important role in fostering and maintaining a vibrant and innovative creative culture, and in helping guide the Design team on a path of continual growth and improvement.
Responsibilities

Attract and retain top tier talent to build an industry leading team
Provide best in class management support to an award-winning team of designers and design managers, proactively communicating blockers and fostering collaborative best practices
Advocate for opportunities that coincide with individuals growth and development.
Partner with Design Director(s) and team leads to develop and execute a multi-year plan for the department, including structure, growth and development, budget and discipline-specific staffing plans
Provide career development and growth opportunities for all designers including mentoring and guidance on soft skills, leadership, performance and professional management  1:1s, training opportunities, annual reviews, job descriptions and Design career guide
Establish clear expectations of accountability and responsibility across all levels of the Design Department
Identify, advocate, develop and guide new Leaders in partnership with team leads and Design Director(s)
Represent the Design department at the studio level
Maintain an inspiring and collaborative creative culture, where experimentation, knowledge sharing, feedback and iteration are encouraged to reach our studio ambition

Skills

Deep knowledge of the craft of Design and its relevant development processes is essential
Proven ability in conflict resolution with a high level of empathetic and listening skills
Experience with sourcing, engaging, and managing external Design vendors and outsourcing partners
Familiarity with industry standard  future-facing methodologies for AAA Design toolsets, workflows and process
Excellent organizational  prioritization skills, attention to detail, process knowledge and ability to multi-task
Personal leadership style that is grounded in transparency, relationship building, accountability, and collaboration.
Knowledgeable of current industry trends: stays up-to-date on best in class visuals across all departments
Must love games and have a passion for creating them!

Education  Experience

10 years game industry experience
5 years people management experience
5 years Design experience at a lead or higher level
At least one AAA full development cycle
Internal development team experience

 
LI-SMSLI-MC1
  Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.154,600—231,800 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.