Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.How would you like to work on a global team developing industry leading audio software for the PlayStation platforms? Do you want to craft the future of game audio? Are you the type of person who gets excited when discussing audio algorithms and optimizations? If this sounds like you, we have a unique opportunity to join Sony PlayStation on our Platform Audio team! 
Our Platform Audio team seeks an enthusiastic software engineer who can build and implement technology used for 3D audio, hardware DSP and virtual reality. Your contributions would directly advance the way our platforms audio is used worldwide by our content developers. If this is you, please apply! 
Responsibilities: 

Sophisticated systems level multi-threaded programming and debugging using C and C 
Develop firmware and DSP algorithms for embedded audio hardware accelerators 
Design and implement libraries to empower game developers to push the boundaries of audio immersion 
Collaborate with international counterparts to contribute to the architectural design and development of audio systems and frameworks 
Partner with vendors to evaluate and implement externally developed functionality 

Qualifications: 

Prior experience as the main contributor within a similar technology space
Possess 5 years or more of systems level programming using C and C 
Experience with lower-level system architecture such as memory mapping, DMA engines, and Assembly programming 
Proficient with these systems or tools: IDEs, source control (git, SVN), and issue tracking  
Have a strong grasp of code efficiency and performance optimization including SIMD 

Nice to have: 

Understanding of concepts in digital signal processing (sampling, FFT, convolution, filters, etc.) 
Strong math skills 
Exposure to game audio or audio system, gaming console, or consumer electronics development 
Experience developing for multiple platforms such as Windows, Linux, etc. 
 Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.182,500—273,700 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.