Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.PlayStation Studios Visual Arts and PlayStation Studios Malaysia are both passionate teams within the PlayStation family, made up of game and film industry professionals from all over the world.
Always at the cutting edge of technology, the teams work with studios like Naughty Dog, Insomniac, Santa Monica Studios, Guerrilla Games, Bend Studios, SuckerPunch, San Diego Studio, Japan Studios, and more PlayStation first-party teams, providing world-class content development and services to these studios. 
Currently working on PlayStations well-known and well-loved franchises, our Animation team in PlayStation Studios Malaysia is looking for talented, highly-motivated and creative Lead Animator to breathe life into the next chapter of in-game and cinematic storytelling.
Why work when you can play? This is life at PlayStation!
Responsibilities:  

Ability to create high quality animation content in Maya
Help mentor and grow other animators abilities 
Serve as a positive role model for the team to follow in attitude, ability, proactivity, communication, and productivity within the department 
Work with design and engineering to create new awesome, mind-blowing systemic animations 
Additional responsibilities may be assigned as needed 

Requirements  Skills: 

Minimum of 1 shipped AAA game as a Senior Gameplay Animator (or equivalent) 
Minimum of 5 years working in the video-games industry 
Produce very high-quality animation. Be able to provide accurate and clear feedback for others 
Passion for pushing the envelope of interactive character animation 
Ability to plan, setup, and direct motion capture shoots independently and efficiently 
Good general technical knowledge of how games work 
Must be comfortable using a script editor 
Excellent problem solver  fire fighter 
Highly motivated and proactive with a CAN DO attitude 
Inspire teamwork and collaboration across the department 
Proactive communicator within animation and other departments 
Take responsibility for assignments and proactively identifies new tasks to take on 
Finish tasks quickly. Is an expert at prioritization and letting others know when priorities must change 
Never finds themselves idle and is always proactively finding useful things to work on to progress the company and team 
Deep knowledge of Maya: layers, timetrax editor, mocap tools 
In engine animation layering knowledge 
Familiar with one of the modern animation systems: Unreal, Morpheme, Unity, etc 

BONUS SKILLS: 

Python knowledge 
C, C, or C knowledge 

 

PRIVACY NOTICE TO SIE LLCS JOB APPLICANTS 
This Privacy Notice explains what personal information we at Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC collect from you, and why we collect it and use it. This Notice covers our practices regarding the personal information of all applicants to our job positions. Please review it carefully. 
Categories of personal information we collect from you 
 
Generally, We Obtain This Information Through Our Recruiting Team 
 
We collect personal information about you throughout the recruiting process, in particular the following categories. 

Identification and contact information 
Direct identifiers such as your first and last name. 
Indirect identifiers such as a government ID, your Social Security, work permit or passport . 
Contact information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number. 
Other information about you or that can be associated with you such as: 
SensitiveProtected Data. During the recruitment process, you may (voluntarily) provide us with your ethnicity, gender, military service information, or physical or mental health information, as well as your national origin and citizenship. 
Professional or job position-related information, including your past professional experience, references; background verification; talent management and assessment; information regarding any conflicts of interests; and the terms and conditions of your job offer. 
Non-public education information, including information about your education records, such as grades and transcripts. 

LI-SY1 
Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.