Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Location: Los Angeles, CA or Remote
Santa Monica Studio is seeking a Technical Art Intern to join our team for our Summer 2024 Internship Program! Santa Monica Studio is the PlayStation Studio that develops the popular God of War series. The tech art team of SMS is considered best in class as they push the envelope of our development tools to allow for as efficient of an iteration process as possible. This intern will contribute to that and help bring our creative dreams to life. 
Established in 1999, Santa Monica Studio became renowned for excellence in the actionadventure genre with the worldwide award-winning success of the 2005 release, God of War, and its subsequent sequels. God of War (2018) became one of the fastest selling PlayStation 1st-party games of all-time and has since won over 190 Game of the Year awards including DICE, BAFTA, The Game Awards, Game Developers Choice Awards, IGN, Game Informer, EW, and Variety. Our most recent title, God of War: Ragnarok (2022), has since continued this run of commercial and critical success.
Responsibilities:

Research, extend, and maintain production pipelines, processes, and workflows
 Interface with key stakeholders. Liaise between team members; collaborate on projects
 Identify problems; solve them by inventing or building robust technical implementations
 Refine and improve artist workflows 

Qualifications:

Currently enrolled in an accredited institution, pursuing a Bachelors or Advanced degree majoring in Computer Science, Graphic Art, or related field
Projected to graduate between December 2023  June 2025
Familiarity with 3D math and related concepts 
Working knowledge of MEL, Python, HLSL, or C  
Ability to write clean, maintainable and extensible code with attention to reusability 
Good knowledge of Maya and computer graphics 
Understanding of software architecture and design 
Good understanding of algorithm design and of their inherent complexity 
Exposure to good UI design principles and best practices 
Enthusiasm and initiative 
Excellent spoken and written communication 
Able and motivated to work with other team members 
Must be available to work for 12 weeks from May  August or June  September
Internships are available to students who are US citizens or international students with an F-1 visa

Desired Skills:

Experience with Houdini 
At least one complete self-driven, self-created game project (any size, any genre, any platform) 

Our intern positions offer a fixed hourly pay rate. Please note that the pay rate is exclusive to the internship period and may not reflect what pay may look like following the completion of an internship.
  Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.41.50—57 USD Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location. Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.This is a flexible role that can be remote, with varying pay ranges based on geographic location. For example, if you are based out of Seattle, the estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.41.50—57 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.