Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Production Manager
Division overview
The PlayStation Studios: Creative team is an award winning, global internal creative agency within PlayStation Studios. We endeavour to build a working environment where we can flourish and create industry leading work. Structured around 2 teams; Brand  Strategy and the Creative Studio, comprising of four core disciplines; Design  illustration, UIUX, Motion  3D, Film and Video. We deliver projects in collaboration with our game development and marketingPR teams. 
 
Role Overview
You will be developing and managing a fluid and talented onlineapp focused design team responsible to create bold and impactful work aligned with clients specs while delivering high volume content at a consistent cadence.  Able to flex, rapidly expand and contract to meet demand.   
 
Responsibilities

Day-to-day management of the Malaysian Digital Design Team. 
Foster a creative, detail-focused, motivated and inclusive team. 
Develop and mentor the team to enhance skills and performance, as well as work ethics. Support and train where needed. 
Align the team with the wider PlayStation vision. 
Manage and scope new briefs with regional Production and Operations team, building strong working relationships with our partners.  
Support Production and Operations with resourcing.  
Work with the Operations team to help maintain a roster of external agencies and freelancers. 
Effective planning, production, and delivery of bold and impactful content, on time and to budget, whilst foreseeing and raising potential issues. 
Effective and efficient scheduling and resource management of multiple projects simultaneously. 
Ensure all output adheres to PlayStation Brand and Design guidelines. 
Ensure our content is both inclusive and accessible, exploring opportunities for growth in these areas. 
To challenge current methods and continually review technology to build efficient and effective processes and pipelines. 
Keep up to date with new tools, techniques, and practices in our industry. 

Requirements: 

Minimum 5 years experience working in the UIUX-Design Industry  
Substantial experience in people management, able to build, shape and evolve a team. 
Ability to prioritise effectively in working on multiple projects. 
Fluent in UXHCI design, prototyping, and accessibility. 
Fluent with Creative Cloud  Figma. 
Effective communication and presentation skills and the ability to collaborate with Partners. 
Demonstrates initiative, autonomy, and leadership of projects whilst involving the team. 
Well-organised and able to maintain high standards under pressure. 
Flexible and adaptable to fast-changing work environments whilst managing partner expectations. 
Detail-focused.  
Passionate about Games and how they are communicated to the public. 
Experience in Games would be an added advantage. 

 

PRIVACY NOTICE TO SIE LLCS JOB APPLICANTS 
This Privacy Notice explains what personal information we at Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC collect from you, and why we collect it and use it. This Notice covers our practices regarding the personal information of all applicants to our job positions. Please review it carefully. 
Categories of personal information we collect from you 
 
Generally, We Obtain This Information Through Our Recruiting Team 
 
We collect personal information about you throughout the recruiting process, in particular the following categories. 

Identification and contact information 
Direct identifiers such as your first and last name. 
Indirect identifiers such as a government ID, your Social Security, work permit or passport . 
Contact information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number. 
Other information about you or that can be associated with you such as: 
SensitiveProtected Data. During the recruitment process, you may (voluntarily) provide us with your ethnicity, gender, military service information, or physical or mental health information, as well as your national origin and citizenship. 
Professional or job position-related information, including your past professional experience, references; background verification; talent management and assessment; information regarding any conflicts of interests; and the terms and conditions of your job offer. 
Non-public education information, including information about your education records, such as grades and transcripts. 

LI-SY1 
Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.