Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Senior Systems EngineerLondon
Sony PlayStations Systems Infrastructure team is seeking a highly passionate Senior Systems Engineer to provide exceptional hosting and infrastructure support for critically important services at Sony Interactive Entertainment (SIE).
As a Senior Systems Engineer, you will work as a technical lead on various infrastructure technologies and cloud initiatives through all phases of design, implementation, and support. While contributing at a high level technically, the role will also require a passion for customer service, problem solving, customer appreciation and communication. The ideal candidate is a self-starter that is eager to learn by taking on new challenges, while also demonstrating an equal commitment to helping others grow. If this sounds like you, please apply!
What youll be doing:

Ensure all systems adhere to robust security standards through vulnerability management, including patching of operating systems and third-party software, system hardening, and configuration management.
Respond effectively to incidents and work well under pressure to promptly restore services.
Enhance team efficiencies through automation, tooling, and facilitating the seamless transfer of day-to-day operational tasks to the IT Operations Centre
Design new services by converting requirements into easily supportable designs, with a focus on the larger teams ability to manage and maintain them.
Take responsibility for seeking out ways to improve efficiency and stability of SIE Infrastructure while balancing innovation and new technologies.
Collaborate effectively with the wider IT teams and business units.
Maintain high standards of documentation and adhere to processes and standards.
Work independently as the sole resource on projects.
Handle your own workload effectively by prioritizing project and day-to-day operational tasks.
Deliver presentations to internal teams and external stakeholders.

What were looking for:

Possess a technical degree or demonstrate equivalent experience.
Have at least 5 years of professional IT experience with a track record of successful project delivery
Proficient in designing and implementing cloud solutions using AWS and Azure
Expert experience in automation and scripting using Terraform, Ansible, Bash, Python, PowerShell, and other similar tools.
Competence in installing, configuring, and running MS Windows Server and Linux operating systems.
Familiarity with Active Directory configuration and management
Understanding of different storage types such as SAN, NAS, and Object Storage.
Knowledge of various backup systems, methods, and data archive.
Ability to set up and configure relevant monitoring tools for systems and services.
Good Understanding of DNS and Networking
Ability to translate requirements into practical solutions.
Ability to identify and pursue opportunities for process improvement, innovation, and pioneering new ways of working.
Understanding of AI technologies and their applications.

Benefits:

Discretionary bonus opportunity
Hybrid Working (within Flexmodes)
Private Medical Insurance
Dental Scheme
25 days holiday per year
On Site Gym
Subsidised Caf
Free soft drinks
On site bar
Access to cycle garage and showers
Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.