Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Role Overview:
The Content Optimisation team helps drive value by creating the best experience for the players with a curated, relevant, and optimised Storefront. As a Games Optimisation Specialist, you will be encouraged to deliver day-to-day store priorities as well as leading and coordinating key projects that further improve the store experience for our customers and ultimately the games and store conversion rate (CVR). Working globally with a variety of business leaders, we strive to deliver incremental performance on store priorities through organic banner support and key optimisation initiatives such as personalisation and AB testing.
What youll be doing:

Planning store priorities shared by the Digital Game Sales (DGS) team and ensuring that digital support strategies are developed and shared with both DGS and the Senior CRO Games Manager.
Developing and adhering to best practices and processes with the other internal Conversion Rate Optimisation (CRO) teams, Global Creative Services (GCS), Digital Game Sales (DGS)  Store Operations, Business Planning  Insights (BPI) and Customer Service (CS) teams.
Input and maintain momentum on an AB and experimentation roadmap sharing outcomes.
Developing and applying consumer insight findings to deliver the optimisation strategy for defined commercial priorities.
Communicating outcomes and results of digital support strategies among key stakeholders.
Working with the Creative Studio team to ensure that channel execution is aligned with brand and design principles.

What were looking for:

Background in test  learn and optimisation strategy demonstrating sound hypothesis and methodologies to focus on both marginal gains and big wins
Proven track record of working collaboratively across different functions and teams (including remote  global teams)
Flexible and proactive approach
Strong interpersonal and leadership skills
Good understanding of UX best practicescross platform UX
High levels of personal motivation to further your skills, experience, and business knowledge
Strong analytical skills including the ability to interpret data and present new insights

Desirable Skills:

Experience using Adobe Analytics or similar web analytics tools
Experience in personalization and segment targeting
Knowledge of AB and multivariate testing
Language skills working in a global environment
Availability to travel globally
Passion or interest in the gaming industry

Benefits:

Discretionary bonus opportunity
Hybrid Working (within Flexmodes)
Private Medical Insurance
Dental Scheme
25 days holiday per year
On Site Gym
Subsidised Caf
Free soft drinks
On site bar
Access to cycle garage and showers

Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.