Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Department overview:
The PlayStation Studios: Creative team is an award winning, global internal creative agency within PlayStation Studios. We endeavour to build a working environment where we can flourish and create industry leading work. Structured around 2 teams; Brand  Strategy and the Creative Studio, comprising of four core disciplines; Design  illustration, UIUX, Motion  3D, Film and Video. We deliver projects in collaboration with our game development and marketingPR teams.
What youll be doing:
Working alongside our UIUX Creative Director, you will be developing and managing our small but talented EU based UIUX Design team. Consisting of internal and external designers, we concept, design and implement rich and engaging user experiences for a diverse range of PlayStation games and applications.
With partners from across PlayStation Studios, the award-winning UIUX team have created interfaces and experiences for PlayStation Studios games including Dreams, Destruction All-Stars, Erica, and the acclaimed Returnal.
What we are looking for:

Day-to-day management of the UIUX Team, fostering a creative and inclusive working environment that enables exceptional creative output.
Develop and mentor the team, enhancing skills, performance, and team culture, introducing new ideas, support and training where needed.
Oversee multiple projects and contribute to the effective planning, production and delivery of bold, impactful UIUX on time and to budget, whilst foreseeing and raising potential issues.
Manage new briefs with our Production and Operations team, building strong working relationships with our clients.
Engage frequently with relevant PSS Creative Directors, Partnerships team andor external vendors to discuss the direction of relevant projects.
Build on and establish new relationships with different PlayStation departments, creating effective internal collaboration and information sharing.
Align the team with the wider PlayStation vision.
Lead by example to advance our UX maturity as an organisation, incorporating user feedback and championing a player first ethos, whilst fulfilling the needs of the client.
Remain up to date with new tools, techniques, and practices in our industry.
Ensure our content is both inclusive and accessible, exploring opportunities for growth in these areas.
Work with the Operations team to help maintain a roster of external agencies and freelancers.

Requirements:

Minimum 5 years experience working in the UIUX Industry
Experience of a full game development cycle from start to finish.
Management experience, knowing how to shape and evolve a team.
Effective prioritisation working on multiple projects.
Fluent in UXHCI design, prototyping, and accessibility
Fluent with Creative Cloud.
Effective communication and presentation skills and the ability to collaborate with clients.
Demonstrates initiative, autonomy, and leadership of projects whilst involving the team.
Well-organised and maintains high standards under pressure.
Flexible and adaptable to fast-changing work environments whilst managing client expectations.
Passionate about Games and how they are communicated to the public.

Benefits: 

Discretionary bonus opportunity
Private Medical Insurance
Dental Scheme
London Allowance (if applicable)
25 days holiday per year
On Site Gym
Subsidised Caf
Free soft drinks
On site bar
Access to cycle garage and showers

 
Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.