Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Paralegal, Patent
San Mateo, CA (Hybrid onsite 2x a week)
 
As an in-house patent paralegal working in a global patent team, you will play a vital role in protecting our intellectual property and contributing to our ongoing success. Join our team and help shape the future of video games through your technical and patent expertise and meticulous attention to detail.
We are seeking a skilled and motivated Patent Paralegal to join our legal team and support our growing patent portfolio. This role will be responsible for maintaining our patent database, ensuring accurate and up-to-date records, and collaborating closely with inventors and legal professionals to manage patent activities. The ideal candidate will possess a strong technical background, exceptional organizational skills, and a deep understanding of the patent process.
 
Key Responsibilities:

Utilize your technical background to comprehend and evaluate the technical merits of inventions, categorize inventions, collaborate to establish global patent operations.
Utilize your paralegal experience to engage in a variety of patent administrative functions.
Collaborate with inventors, engineers, and legal counsel to gather necessary information for patent applications, ensuring comprehensive and accurate disclosures.
Support the Anaqua patent database docketing and audit operations to maintain and update records of all patent activities.
Audit patent related invoices and process payments in coordination with Finance Department.  Perform monthly accrual calculations. Process patent awards for inventors and manage patent award inquiries and communications.
Coordinate communication and inventor meetings, deliver reports and information exchange between internal teams, external patent counsel, and patent offices.
Setup logistics for special events including patent award ceremonies, patent workshops including arrangements of meals, hotels, audio visual equipment, speakers.
Contribute to the development and improvement of patent-related processes, procedures, and best practices.
Stay current with changes in patent laws, regulations, and procedures that may impact patent prosecution and maintenance.

Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in a relevant technical field (e.g., engineering, computer science, etc.).
A minimum of 5 years of experience as a patent paralegal or similar role, preferably in an in-house legal department.
Preferred candidates should have familiarity with the Anaqua patent software, but not mandatory
Excellent organizational and project management skills, with a keen eye for detail.
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills to effectively interact with technical and legal professionals.
Ability to work independently, prioritize tasks, and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
Strong problem-solving abilities and analytical thinking.
Adept at adapting to changes and embracing new technologies and tools.
Professionalism and discretion in handling sensitive and confidential information.

Advantages:

Exposure to cutting-edge technologies and innovation in AI, graphics, networking, hardware, peripherals
Opportunity to work directly with inventors and legal professionals, contributing to the success of our patent portfolio.
Collaborative and inclusive work environment.

Bonus

Creative and curious 
PlayStation fan

 
LI-LD1  LI-hybrid Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.115,300—172,900 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.