Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Role overview:
The Category Specialist is responsible for the planning and execution of sourcing Merchandise across PlayStation as well as supporting other Corporate Procurement activities. Working as part of the Procurement function, they will be encouraged to lead initiatives that contribute to the wider organisational goals. They will also manage communications with key suppliers and internal partners in order to improve both new and existing relationships.
What youll be doing:

Supporting with the procurement and project management of Collectors Editions
Assist in building and implementing a Global Category Strategy for promotional merchandise
Supporting the Senior Category Manager with any new Marketing initiatives
Liaising with preferred suppliers on cost, schedule, development, and compliance
Managing supplier performance and implementation of any new supplier requests
Supporting internal business leaders with the procurement of Corporate Merchandise
Maintaining relevant documentation and uploading of compliance records
Deliver quality, whilst ensuring value for money, across all areas of spend
Implement purchase orders on our systems and recharging of costs where required
Manage projects from initial brief through to production, ensuring deadlines are met
Required to support the Procurement Team with other projects as capacity allows

What were looking for:

3 years experience working in Procurement  Project Management environment
Experience in sourcing Merchandise product is desirable but not essential
Solid understanding of Procurement processes and best practices
Strong organisational skills and experience in managing multiple projects
Proficient in both Project Management and Schedule management
Ability to problem solve with a focus on delivering projects to fixed deadline
Experience managing both new and existing suppliers
Good listener and collaborator across teams

Preferred:

Membership of Chartered Institute of Procurement  Supply or studying towards MCIPS
Previous knowledge and experience within Marketing or Corporate Professional Services Procurement
Experience using SAP preferred.
Ability to work in an Agile environment and able to identify potential risks

Benefits:

Discretionary bonus opportunity
Hybrid Working (within Flexmodes)
Private Medical Insurance
Dental Scheme
25 days holiday per year
On Site Gym
Subsidised Caf
Free soft drinks
On site bar
Access to cycle garage and showers

Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rightsEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.