Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Support Sony Interactive Entertainment Koreas (SIEK) overall IT operations and provide IT services necessary for the smooth execution of operations by employees engaged in various tasks. 
As an IT Engineer, you will respond to requests and consultations from internal customers and conduct vital research and improvements. When additional support tasks are required, you must hand over the work to senior engineers, and so on, primarily performing help desk duties for IT services. 
As a career path, in addition to IT helpdesk work, we would like you to develop your own technical and problem-solving skills, and through continuous growth, gain knowledge and experience as a networkserver engineer, server-side software engineer, and AWS and other public cloud services, before joining various SIE global projects. 
Basically, you will be dealing directly with SIEK employees, so communication skills and a positive, user-friendly attitude are required. 
Requirements

Bachelors degree in computer science or any other relevant field
At least 1 years of work experience in IT Service Help Desk  support operation
Understanding Network (TCPIP,DHCP,DNS,etc) Servers (Windows ServerLinux Server)
Understanding Computer Program Language (Any computer language is fine)
Incident management or organisational change in a similar role
Understanding of Computer  Information Security 
Understanding how to manage the priorities of multiple team members in a sophisticated environment and focus on the delivery of KPI results
Ability to identify problems at an early stage and tackle them effectively.
Self-starter and great teammate
Strong trouble-shooting and report writing abilities.
Fluent in Korean (reading, speaking, writing)

Nice to haves:

Understanding Public Cloud computing environment (Any of AWS or Azure or GCP, etc.)
Systematic knowledge of IT Asset Management
Intermediate level of communication skill in English

Responsibilities

As a person in charge of the SIEK Help Desk, he maintains the continuity of SIEK computer work.
ITS asset management

Various license management
Use period management for PC and all IT assets
Management of various IT services

Vendor and outsourcing management
Quotation, PO and delivery management
Continuous skill acquisition for professional development

Advanced technical skills, advanced security knowledge, and management knowledge to serve as administrator of various systems.
Acquire knowledge and experience in operating enterprise-level IT systems
Skills to isolate and recover from problems in the event of an IT Incident, as well as operational skills such as backups in preparation for such incidents.
Acquiring related skills to cope with cloud computing environment.


Ongoing development of English language skills




Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.