Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Location: Los Angeles, CA (Fully in Person or Fully Remote)
 
Santa Monica Studio is seeking a Production Intern - Character Creation to join the team behind the critically acclaimed God of War games. We are looking for a Production Intern who is excited to work alongside the video game industrys premier talent in animation, design, art and technology to create AAA content for the PlayStation!
The Production Intern will help to facilitate scheduling, asset tracking, communication and assist in a variety of tasks to maintain the infrastructure for various disciplines. The ideal candidate is an outstanding communicator, organizer, and knows his or her way around Excel, JIRA, Photoshop and the Sony hardware.
Responsibilities:

Assist production staff with day to day production issues for different departments
Work closely with various cross-departmental groups to ensure communication, delivery of assets and feedback.
Help assemble presentations for teams, take screenshots and record footage
Help to take notes in various stand-ups and meetings, disseminate information, update schedule and bug databases, the wiki and track status

Qualifications:

A Senior or graduate student currently enrolled in a BA or MA program majoring in Production Management, Fine Arts, Visual Art, Studio Art, Computer Animation, Interactive Entertainment or related field
Projected to graduate between December 2023  June 2025
Ability to adapt quickly in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
Excellent organizational  prioritization skills, attention to detail, process knowledge and ability to multi-task
Familiarity with Microsoft Office, JIRA, Confluence, Sony hardware and Photoshop
Familiar with one or more production techniques such as SCRUM, Waterfall, Kanban, etc.
Basic understanding of the production process and pipelines of various types of design, game art, characters, environments, visual development, or animation
Must be available to work for 12 weeks from May  August or June  September
Internships are available to students who are US citizens or international students with an F-1 visa 

Our intern positions offer a fixed hourly pay rate. Please note that the pay rate is exclusive to the internship period and may not reflect what pay may look like following the completion of an internship. Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.33.25—43 USD Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location. Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.This is a flexible role that can be remote, with varying pay ranges based on geographic location. For example, if you are based out of Seattle, the estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.33.25—43 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.