Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation. 
Join the award-winning team that created God of War
Santa Monica Studio is seeking an Art Manager to partner with the Senior Art Manager and support the Art team!
In this role you will help to mentor, retain, and develop some of the top Art talent in the industry. Under the supervision of the Senior Manager, youll plan, organize, and structure a large part of the Art team, to ensure that project and studio needs are met. Youll also play an important role in creating and maintaining a vibrant and innovative creative culture, and in helping guide the Art team on a path of continual growth and improvement.
Responsibilities

Cultivate and retain top tier artists, to help grow our existing industry-leading team
Participate in the hiring process for artists under the supervision of the Sr Manager along with Talent Acquisition

Conduct phone screens and join in-house interviews to help identify strong potential candidates


Provide career development and growth for artists

Personally provide mentoring and guidance on soft skills, and leverage sub-discipline experts within the team to build technical skills


Manage performance within the team in a way that encourages innovation and creativity, while establishing and codifying best practice and process
Establish responsibility and accountability within the team

Create, develop, and support new leaders


Plan for the best and most efficient deployment of art resources

Collaborate closely with Directors, Leads and Producers to ensure project needs are being met, along with the development needs of the team


Support and deliver the creative vision of the Directors

Ensure that the Art Direction and priorities set by project leadership are reflected in the scheduling, resource allocation, execution plan, and conduct of the art team as a whole


Collaborate with the Sr Manager of Art Department, the rest of the Management team, Production team, and other studio leaders to ensure a consistent, transparent and effective production process across all disciplines
Contribute to studio planning around personnel issues, headcount planning, studio culture and other needs as required
Represent the art function at the project level

Ensure that appropriate communication flows freely, such that the team feels heard, represented, and generally in the loop
Escalate and resolve art team needs, issues, and concerns in a responsive, effective, and visible manner


Act decisively to remove roadblocks and smooth out interdisciplinary issues
Maintain an inspiring and mindful creative culture, where experimentation, feedback and iteration are encouraged

Foster knowledge sharing and creative exercises


Represent the art team and the studio in the industry, including participation in events, conferences, and university outreach

Requirements

7 years of game industry experience
7 years of art experience
3 years of management experience
Internal development team experience

Preferred Experience

2 years of experience in an art leadership role
Experience throughout a full AAA development cycle preferred

 
LI-SMSLI-MC1
  Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.133,200—199,800 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.