Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Sony Interactive Entertainment is looking for a Director of Data Center Sourcing and Portfolio Management to provide lead the rapid growth and evolution of SIEs data center portfolio around the globe.  This role is part of the Technical Operations department within the Future Technology Group, which is responsible for build and operations of PlayStations Cloud Gaming and Broadcast services.    The ideal candidate would be based in Austin, Texas but we will consider remote candidates due to the nature of the role.
Responsibilities:

Owns the worldwide portfolio of leased Data Center assets from a commercial and contractual standpoint.
Translates business requirements into short-, mid-, and long-term data center capacity strategy in support of PlayStation infrastructure needs.
Oversees the research and analysis of new markets. Manages the procurement and technical due diligence of new sites required to support the rapid growth of services in existing and new territories.  
Leads commercial and contractual negotiations with data center providers, property owners, and economic development agencies
Tracks and reports on key lease metrics, obligations, and critical dates. Works with internal stakeholders to plan and manage the lifecycle of infrastructure across the portfolio.
Maintains an understanding of market dynamics by leveraging an extensive personal industry network.
Drives process creation, governance, and tools to streamline execution and meet requirements and timelines.

What we are looking for:

10 years of experience in data center procurement  portfolio management  site selection for large or hyper-scale companies with global footprints
Deep technical understanding of Data Center mechanical and electrical technologies and architectures
Experience leading complex negotiations including contract negotiations in commercial, legal, and technical domains. Comfortable redlining contracts in concert with Legal staff.
Excellent communication and presentation skills, both written and verbal. Tailors communication properly to the audience and occasion.
Extremely detail oriented with precise problem-solving skills. Able to operate on both a tactical and strategic level.
Self-motivated and goal driven

 
LI-TP1 Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location. Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.This is a flexible role that can be remote, with varying pay ranges based on geographic location. For example, if you are based out of Seattle, the estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.190,700—286,100 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.