Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Graphics Engineer Intern
San Mateo, CA (Hybrid)
Responsibilities:
Global Developer Technology group is looking for an intern to assist the team in research and development of a number of projects to push the boundaries of graphics on PS5. As an intern, you will be in charge of programming modules and functions that are directly related to projects aligned to game developers needs. For example, Research and develop software techniques or tools which take advantage of low-level GPU hardware features.
Qualifications:

Currently enrolled in a Bachelors or Advanced Degree (Masters or PhD) degree program pursuing a Computer Science degree
Projected to graduate between December 2024  June 2025
2 years of experience in C, C or similar Object-Oriented programming language
Strong understanding of object oriented design and development techniques
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Good foundation of computer graphics and linear algebra
Knowledge of andor experience with Visual Studio
Internships are available to students who are US citizens or international students with an F-1 visa
Must be available to work for 12 weeks from May  August or June  September

Our intern positions offer a fixed hourly pay rate. Please note that the pay rate is exclusive to the internship period and may not reflect what pay may look like following the completion of an internship.
  Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.50—57 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.