Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.PlayStation Studios Visual Arts and PlayStation Studios Malaysia are both passionate teams within the PlayStation family, made up of game and film industry professionals from all over the world. 
Always at the cutting edge of technology, the teams work with studios like Naughty Dog, Insomniac, Santa Monica Studios, Guerrilla Games, Bend Studios, SuckerPunch, San Diego Studio, Japan Studios, and more PlayStation first-party teams, providing world-class content development and services to these studios.  
Currently working on PlayStations well-known and well-loved franchises, our Character Art team in PlayStation Studios Malaysia is looking for talented, highly-motivated and creative Lead Character Artist to breathe life into the next chapter of in-game and cinematic storytelling. 
Why work when you can play? This is life at PlayStation! 
 
Responsibilities: 

Provides direction to character artists for aesthetic and technical considerations. 
Sets the tone for character creation with advanced technique. 
Maintains a clear and consistent schedule in conjunction with the Project Manager and Character Art Supervisor. 
Participates in the planning for project environments. 
Monitors the needs of rigging, animation, and design to ensure clean handoff for assets. 
Works with concept team to ensure concepts are at proper production quality. 
Supervise bug distribution and verify bug fixes. 
Communicate with project managers and external vendor managers. 
Other duties may be assigned. 

 
Experiences and Skills: 

Minimum 8 years of asset production or relevant experience with 5 years of it being in a lead senior artist role. 
Has worked on at least one AAA title as a team lead. 
Experienced in working with external outsource vendors (OS). 
Excellent foundations skills, including composition, design, and colour theory.
The ability to work with detailed concept art or reference art materials. 
Advanced knowledge of human and animal anatomy. 
Strong traditional painting skills and the ability to create models and shaders for a range of art directions, from photorealistic to stylized. 
Strong leadership and mentoring abilities and interpersonal skills. 
Ability to find creative solutions for technically challenging tasks. 
Experience dealing with scanphotogrammetry data. 
Experience using ZBrush and Marvelous Designer. 

 
Additional and Bonus Skills: 

Strong foundation skills with the ability to work with detailed or loose concept art, or reference art materials. 
Advanced understanding of hair creation process. 
Advance knowledge in organic and hard surface modelling. 
Advanced traditional painting skills. 
Ability to meet deadlines under tight schedules. 
Willingness to receive directions and work closely with a team. 
Experience using MARI, Substance PainterDesigner. 
Experience with character rigging and blendshapes. 

  
PRIVACY NOTICE TO SIE LLCS JOB APPLICANTS 
This Privacy Notice explains what personal information we at Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC collect from you, and why we collect it and use it. This Notice covers our practices regarding the personal information of all applicants to our job positions. Please review it carefully. 
Categories of personal information we collect from you 
 
Generally, We Obtain This Information Through Our Recruiting Team 
 
We collect personal information about you throughout the recruiting process, in particular the following categories. 

Identification and contact information 
Direct identifiers such as your first and last name. 
Indirect identifiers such as a government ID, your Social Security, work permit or passport . 
Contact information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number. 
Other information about you or that can be associated with you such as: 
SensitiveProtected Data. During the recruitment process, you may (voluntarily) provide us with your ethnicity, gender, military service information, or physical or mental health information, as well as your national origin and citizenship. 
Professional or job position-related information, including your past professional experience, references; background verification; talent management and assessment; information regarding any conflicts of interests; and the terms and conditions of your job offer. 
Non-public education information, including information about your education records, such as grades and transcripts. 

LI-SY1 Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.