Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation. 
Join the award-winning team that created God of War
Santa Monica Studio is seeking a Lead Character Technical Artist for the development of a new unannounced title!
Animator and programmer, or programmer and character artist  which are you? No matter; you bridge tech and character. You understand the creative process, you have an artistic sensibility, and an eye for animation. Above all you collaborate with character artists and animators to deliver the highest quality vision of the game.
Talent, initiative, collaboration  bring them all. We are a large team that fundamentally works together across all disciplines.
Responsibilities

Mentor and guide character technical artists and animators in areas of expertise; instill best practices
Partner with leads and directors to meet visual and technical standards
Research, define, extend, and maintain production pipelines, processes, and workflows
Collaborate with character artists, character riggers, and animators
Identify problems; solve them by inventing or building robust technical implementations
Create and maintain animation toolsets and character development workflows
Engage in broader game production challenges as they relate to combat design, animation, and character art

Requirements

Minimum five years of professional experience in computer-generated art
Intimate knowledge of Maya and strong understanding of Mayas rigging tools
Expertise in Python andor C  specifically as it applies to programming in Maya (MEL and API)
Ability to pioneer practical production-oriented rig systems and workflows
Well-versed in human and animal anatomy
A keen eye for correct form throughout a wide range of movement
Proficient with polygon modeling and topology adjustments related to character deformations
Deep knowledge of animator workflows
Ability to apply linear algebra to solve rigging and animation problems
Working knowledge of shaders, specifically as they relate to animation
Enthusiasm and initiative
Excellent spoken and written communication
Able and motivated to work with other team members

 
LI-SMSLI-AM1
  Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.158,400—237,600 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.