Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.About The Role
Data Strategy  Operations (DSO) is responsible for providing global business intelligence solutions to Sony Interactive Entertainment.
We are looking for a qualified Cloud Infrastructure Engineer to join DSO to ensure the successful delivery of business intelligence solutions for a growing worldwide customer base.
The successful candidate will be passionate about technology, data and using analytics to improve the business, and understand how this can be achieved in a cloud-based model. You will possess outstanding attention to detail and are able to drive xecution against challenging goals to deliver high quality solutions. You will have exposure of running business intelligence and analytics applications within the cloud, as well as experience in large distributed cloud-based architectures working in a fast-paced, complex, agile environment.
This role is in San Mateo and will report to a DSO Technical Engineering Manager.
Essential Responsibilities
The Cloud Infrastructure Engineer will be responsible for building and maintaining the business intelligence and analytics platform in the cloud. This will require development of virtual private clouds, compute, and storage services to host various applications, and development of this platform to ensure it meets the requirements of the business both now and into the future. To achieve this, some out of hours support will be required, on a rota system. This platform will need to be scalable, performant, robust and secure to meet the needs of hundreds of globally located users.
The focus will be on build and setup of the platform, and thereby minimizing the support overhead through automation; creating and maintaining documentation that shares how it works; and working closely both within the engineering team and more widely to share knowledge and collaborate.
Experience (required):

4 years working on AWS-related projects.
Experience building highly available, scalable, and secure AWS-related shared services.
Set up and configuration of AWS VPCs ensuring the platform is secure and efficient and can be accessed by end users using a variety of tools. This includes access control, perimeter defenses and intrusion detection.
Extensive experience with data storage techniques, particularly S3.
Troubleshooting and identifying data storage performance bottlenecks.
Experience with Terraform and Ansible for creating, managing, and configuring AWS resources.
Knowledgeable on costing aspects including monitoring of cost, as well as strategies for minimizing cost (spot instances, etc.).
Experience with distributed source code repositories, such as Git.
Experience using and maintaining monitoring, logging,  observability tools (Datadog, Splunk, CloudWatch).
Effective scripting skills in bash, python or go.
Tackle technical problems of high scope and complexity.
Ability to communicate on a technical level, and to non-technical partners.

Experience (desirable):

Experience building and using architectures that enable Continuous IntegrationContinuous Deployment.
Deep knowledge of high-volume data processing techniques (Spark).
Working with streaming data applications.
Knowledge of containers and their orchestration (Kubernetes).
Lambda and AWS serverless services.
Hybrid cloud architectures.
Familiar with working with databases (Snowflake) or technologies such as Hadoop.
Understanding of Data Science, ETL or Reporting workloads.
Previous experience working with Agile software development methodologies.
Experience in networking and sysadmin (Linux) fundamentals, including private space IP address management, VPN and Direct Connect services.
Awareness of open-source projects such as Airflow, Cloud Custodian, Packer, Jupyter.

Qualifications:

Technical accreditation is preferred (AWS  CNCF certification)
AWS-related project experience (4 years required)
Minimum 4 years of work experience in a corporate work environment

LI-GM1 Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.160,900—241,300 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.