Sr. IT System Analyst (Contract) This contracted position is OK for remote but location near a PlayStation office is preferred.  The SIE Enterprise Applications Team is looking for a Sr. IT Systems Analyst that is passionate about improving the experience of our internal user community through the enhancement, promotion, and implementation of collaboration applications that boost productivity and help teams work together more efficiently.  You will work with partners and SIE users to understand requirements and encourage use of currently supported applications or find solutions that meet their needs. This includes building, configuring, and integrating applications based on tools such as ServiceNow, Confluence, JIRA, Office 365, Google Apps for Work, Slack, Miro, Box and other SaaS and PaaS applications. The position will have ownership of requirements gathering, systems and application analysis, and functional design while working as part of an Agile Scrum team. Support user expectations, scoperisk management and coordination with global and regional teams; as well as working with other groups to evaluate new and existing collaboration tools.  The ideal candidate will flourish in a constantly evolving playing field and will have the courage to turn ambiguous opportunities into useful delivery. They will be adept at seeing the opportunity in change and feel at home as a member of a hard-working forward-thinking team.  Key Responsibilities:  This role is responsible for enhancing the quality of IT products and services, analyzing data to advise business decisions, and finding technological solutions to business needs, among other duties.  Improve the way the applications team internally promotes and evangelizes the applications they support to improve user adoption  Work with product owners and user community on application usage and gap analysis to proactively improve offerings or find new apps in the marketplace that meet the evolving needs of the business.  Conduct requirements analysis and prepare proposals for modification or replacement systems while serving as an interface between our internal business users and the IT Team.  When required, determine comparable products and solutions, and develop score sheets to be used in evaluating IT Applications.  Stay ahead of new product offerings to support and recommend improvements for product roadmap. Work with Vendors andor external parties to determine the best solution.  Work with development teams to determine LOE based on requirements and identify options for potential solutions while assessing them for both technical and business suitability and alignment to all Security policies  Support scrum team to develop features and add stories to the relevant Sprint, work on roll out plan for releases and identify what needs to be communicated to users.  As the role is global a flexible approach to working hours to support global business operations is required  Other duties as assigned  Qualifications  5 years relevant working experience as an IT SystemBusiness Analysis with the following skills:  You possess excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, are highly motivated, solutions focused, and team oriented. You have experience working independently in an organized, methodical, and detailed oriented manner.  Must be self-motivated in the discovery and research of IT information using internal and external resources.  Solid understanding of ServiceNow, Confluence, JIRA, Office 365, Google Apps for Work, Slack, Miro, Box, or similar applications. Fluent in Japanese  highly desirable  Experience with Tableau andor integration methodologies a plus  Consistent track record of project management, developing, documenting, communicating, and implementing functional requirements leading to the implementation of new business processes across multiple departments in an organization.  Confirmed analytical skills to identify and solve problems. Capable of analyzing and evaluating requirements and making solution recommendations.  CustomerUser expectation management. Ability to champion a positive and constructive relationship with internal business partners as well as software vendors, developers, management, and IT personnel in onshoreoffshore teams.  Talent for remaining current on new and emerging technologies while possessing a solid proficiency towards innovative systems  Education:  Bachelors (Business, Information Technology or CS)  PMP certification or AgileScrum is plus  Equal Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.
For more information about our benefits, please visit our Careers site. 
https:www.playstation.comen-uslegalcareers-privacy-notice