Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation. 
Join the award-winning team that created God of War
Santa Monica Studio is seeking an experienced producer for the development of a new unannounced title!
The Production Team at SMS excels at creative problem solving and communication. We thrive on being at the intersection of people and productivity as the glue that holds the studio together. Whether by being leaders of the craft of project management or partners who will clear the path ahead, the production team is here in service to the studio, to move development forward and achieve quality.
A Senior Producer is relied upon to lead long-term scheduling efforts as well as to direct ground level production activities of multiple discipline teams and large areas of the game.  Responsibilities include partnering with the lead producer, creative directors and leads, guiding and directing other producers and collaborating with studio managers to own the creation, maintenance and execution of a project plan to determine resource, budget and schedule needs.
Responsibilities
Own the production of multiple discipline teams in all areas:

Run the production pipeline of a broad area of the game crossing multiple disciplines throughout all phases of the product development cycle from design through final approval
Craft and maintain a comprehensive project plan, schedule, scope and resource forecast for multiple disciplines along a complex production pipeline
Manage day-to-day production issues to allow the team to achieve the highest possible game quality. Schedule and maintain tasking of departmental and interdisciplinary teams
Lead and direct other Producers and Associate Producers to balance resources and ensure correct prioritization to ship our games to quality, schedule and budget

Lead day-to-day production through rigorous project planning, analytic thinking and information gathering:

Break down large complex initiatives, features and challenges into manageable portions and actionable steps
Assimilate diverse information and assess the impact on each phase of production and on the project as a whole
Identify all groups that may be affected by a goal, actively solicit their input and follow up by strong execution
Ensure a common understanding and agreement on project scope, objectives and impact of any changes

Partner with a wide range of team members to further current and future product development needs:

Cultivate and maintain relationships with internal development team, primarily partnering with the game director, discipline directors and leads
Collaborate with managers concerning personnel issues and team member individual growth, such as meeting task expectations, actively tasking individuals toward determined growth goals
Contribute to the development of new theories, methodologies and approaches in collaboration with creative partners. Support the creative vision by utilizing curiosity, judgement and anticipating change in order to direct or redirect efforts as needed to achieve results

Skills
Project Management Craftsmanship

Experience with traditional Waterfall production management techniques along with Agile techniques, including SCRUM or Kanban. PMP or equivalent certification a plus
Excellent organizational  prioritization skills, attention to detail, process knowledge and ability to multi-task
Experience with Microsoft Office (emphasis on Excel), Hansoft, JIRA, Confluence and other project tracking and bug database software

Communication  Collaboration

Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to communicate effectively across product development and management teams
Experience working with high performing creative teams and demonstrated ability to partner effectively in a high pressure, collaborative environment
Proven conflict management skills with a strength in mediation leading to resolution of risk and roadblocks

Education  Experience

Minimum 10 years of games industry experience in an internal development environment in a production role
Experience on multiple large scale, 150 person AAA games through all phases of production from concept to release
At least one shipped AAA PC andor console title as a Senior Producer
Mastery of a variety of project management techniques in an internal development environment coupled with deep experience building and maintaining schedules
Previous experience managing, guiding and mentoring junior producers
Familiarity with various internal game production pipelines and software
4 year undergraduate college degree or equivalent skill set

 
LI-SMSLI-AM1
  Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.127,900—191,900 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.