Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.

About the team:
The CPU Compiler team in San Mateo, California consists of passionate software engineers who design, develop, and deliver exceptional CPU compilers for PlayStation platforms.
Have you ever wondered exactly how the interactive and imaginative worlds of PlayStation are brought to life? It takes teams of amazing and hardworking dreamers, groundbreaking hardware design, and millions of lines of C code funneled through the PlayStation Toolchain!
Role Description:
As an engineer on the compiler team, you will:

Work with a distributed team of engineers to design, implement, optimize, debug, test and deliver product-level compiler tools.
Engage with the open-source community for our mutual benefit.
Optimize developer turnaround time by reducing compile time and innovating new techniques to reduce compile and link time overhead.
Improve the debugging experience for optimized code.
Enhance the performance of generated runtime code via new optimizations and enhancements to existing optimizations.
Develop and enhance test suites to amplify code coverage and reduce regressions, harmonized with our QA team to ensure the qualify of the compiler.

What we are looking for:
An individual with exceptional C and C knowledge, well-honed development skills, and a phenomenal understanding of the entire toolchain, including compiler, linker, debugger, and binary utilities. They should posses a Bachelors degree in computer science or equivalent and at least five years of proven experience.
The ideal candidate will have experience with the LLVM compiler and a solid understanding of debugging, performance analysis and tuning, and testing. They will have knowledge, or a strong desire and motivation to learn, of compiler internals, including general and target-specific optimizations, code generation, instruction scheduling, syntax parsing, and runtime library interactions.
Prospective job seekers should have strong verbal and written communication skills that strike joy and understanding into the hearts of your peers and associates.
Preferred: 
If you have a Masters degree then we think that is exceptional. Experience in both Windows and Linux development environments is phenomenal. Experience with agile software development methodologies is heart-warming. Experience with diverse multi-country development teams is super duper. An enthusiastic passion for a breadth of programming languages is the marshmallow filling of our dreams!
Benefits of working on the team:
You will have the opportunity to work with extraordinary engineers who are passionate about compilers, programming languages, and systems. Success will require exciting collaboration with teams and individuals from across the globe and across cultures.
Youll have multiple opportunities to learn, expand your skills, and innovate, including personal innovation time and opportunities to join in company wide hackathons.
Throughout this all you will enjoy a relaxed working environment with high degree of trust and autonomy. At SIE, we maintain a safe and respectful workplace where all staff is encouraged to express their view and challenge the status quo.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
LI-RSG Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.160,900—241,300 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.