Why PlayStation?
PlayStation isnt just the Best Place to Play — its also the Best Place to Work. Today, were recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation5, PlayStation4, PlayStationVR, PlayStationPlus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.
PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.
The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.Manager, Environmental Health  Safety
San Mateo, CA
Recognized as a global leader in interactive and digital entertainment, Sony Interactive Entertainment (SIE) is responsible for the PlayStations brand and family of products and services. PlayStation has delivered innovation to the market since the launch of the original PlayStation in Japan in 1994. As the company grows and evolves, we seek to create impact beyond gaming, inspire social change, and help preserve the planet for generations to come. SIE is now developing an exciting new multi-disciplinary Environment, Social and Governance team to help the company address its broader environmental and CSR impacts. Our purpose is to:

Forge a path ahead on ESG, and not just follow the crowd.
To turn our intentions into action.
Do the right things, and do them well.

Part of the ESG teams responsibilities includes implementing EHS policy and programmes across our businesses and operations in North and South America under the leadership of the Regional EHS Manager. Based in our office in San Mateo, the Regional EHS Manager will lead SIEs site-based EHS programmes in Americas region (for around 30 SIE locations). One EHS Coordinator support the Regional EHS Manager locally in this role. The Regional EHS Manager will lead SIEs EHS programmes in Americas region, ensuring alignment with Sony Corporation and SIE management direction, certification with ISO14001  ISO45001, and full compliance with all applicable EHS legislation.
Responsibilities:

Conduct the annual SIE EHS review to determine progress, make plans, and gain senior management buy-in and commitment for continual improvement;
Manage SIEs EHS team in San Mateo (US) to implement SIEs EHS policy and programmes, and also SIEs EHS Working Group, including related business functions;
Implement and lead SIEs regional EHS management system, conformant and certified to ISO14001  ISO45011requirements;
Support SIEs global EHS programmes, procedures, activities, communications, and training to drive EHS progress and achievements within SIEs business operations globally and support local engagement in SIEs broader ESG initiatives;
Ensure compliance with all applicable EHS regulations in the region, fulfil Sony  SIE EHS targets, and address and resolve any incidents;
Ensure the organization is audit-ready. Devise and execute SIEs annual EHS audit plan, and ensure follow-up of corrective actions;
Support Sony  SIE external EHS communications and reporting, annual and ad-hoc.

Qualifications

Must be qualified at a graduate level;
Very good standard of spoken and written English;
HS qualified, also with ISO14001 EMS training;
Must have at least five years of experience with a proven track record in a relevant EHS position, having achieved ISO1400145001 certification;
The ideal candidate will have excellent leadership, communication, and team management skills;
Proficient with Microsoft Office applications.

LI-SV1
Hybrid Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights.
 
At SIE, we consider several factors when setting each roles base pay range, including the competitive benchmarking data for the market and geographic location.Please note that the base pay range may vary in line with our hybrid working policy and individual base pay will be determined based on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this role is eligible for SIEs top-tier benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401(k), paid time off, wellness program and coveted employee discounts for Sony products. This role also may be eligible for a bonus package. Click here to learn more.
 The estimated base pay range for this role is listed below.125,600—188,400 USDEqual Opportunity Statement:
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.