SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. ELECTRICAL ENGINEER (STARSHIP AVIONICS)
The Starship electrical hardware development team supports the mission to revolutionize orbital flight and space travel- opening access for humankind to establish new frontiers in space and ultimately become a multi-planetary species. Our team builds some of the most advanced electronics ever flown in space- at a cost and rate previously considered unthinkable in the space industry. Become a part of this fast moving and world class hardware development team, work with super smart and motivated engineers, and achieve truly audacious goals. If youre ready for a challenge and would like to help make our civilization multi-planetary then youve come to the right place!
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Rapidly develop high-reliability electronics for rockets and spacecraft
Provide technical leadership across the organization, manage related risk and change across the program, drive new technology introduction, and provide mentoring for less senior engineers
Drive system trades, requirements capture, component selection, analysis, schematic capture, prototyping, bring-up, debugging, documentation, manufacturing, and test
Create development and qualification testing campaigns and exercise designs to their limits
Support hardware through production, integration, and flight
Work with experts from other teams and departments to drive changes that make the system more efficient, manufacturable, and reliable. Challenge assumptions and build strong professional relationships 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering
5 years of experience designing, building, or testing circuit boards or other electronics

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Passion for spaceflight and curiosity for electronics in high-reliability applications
Excitement for making systems smarter, better, faster, cheaper
Experience making products or systems work with minimal time and resources
Experience developing fundamentally new hardware, not just incrementally updating legacy hardware
Experience with circuit board layout, especially for switching power converters or high-speed digital applications
Experience designing switching power converters, power magnetics, analog control loops, solid state load switches, motor inverters, EMIEMC compliance, or sensor signal conditioning circuits
Experience with high voltage devices, lithium ion batteries, or power distribution optimization
Experience with high performance digital processors, FPGAs, memory chips, or network switches
Experience with circuit board design-for-manufacturing or productization of electronics
Experience with automating hardware development functions (e.g. scripting to control benchtop equipment or to accelerate analysis or simulation)
Ability to work in a fast-paced and autonomously driven environment
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Extended hours and weekend work may be required to support critical project and mission milestones 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:    Electrical EngineerSenior: 130,000.00 - 180,000.00per year     Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.