SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.CNC MACHINIST (FORMED STRUCTURES)RESPONSIBILITIES:Set up and operation of CNC VTL lathes in a state-of-the-art machine shop, manufacturing space rated aerospace componentsReal time editing of CNC machining software and codes to meet production requirementsEnsure CNC machines are operating at precise tolerancesSelect proper tooling to perform required manufacturing operationsMachine precision fixtures, tools and product from drawings, in accordance with established procedures, with little or no supervisionKeeps machine and work area organized and cleanBASIC QUALIFICATIONS:High school diploma or equivalency certificate1 years of professional work experience deburring, grinding, or machining metal items OR a degreecertificate from a trade schoolwork programPREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:3 years of CNC VTL machining, set up and operations experienceAbility to read accurately and write clearly, perform basic arithmetic calculations accuratelyExperience in shop math, tooling technology, blueprint reading and measurement of partsStrong mechanical aptitudeStrong interpersonal skills including, but not limited to, contributing to a team-oriented environment, balancing team and individual responsibilitiesADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, andor weekends as needed. Estimated start times: 1st shift (5am), 2nd shift (2pm)Standing for long periods of time, climbing up and down ladders, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, and stretching are generally required to perform the functions of this positionPhysical requirements: repetitive movement, bending or twisting, using hands to handle, control, or feel objects, tools or controls, exposure to sounds and noise levels that are distractingCOMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    Pay range:    CNC MachinistLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour    CNC MachinistLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour    CNC MachinistLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour       Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.ITAR REQUIREMENTS:To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.