SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
NDE INSPECTOR TRAINEEAn NDE Inspector trainee position at SpaceX sits within the NDE Operations team. The purpose of this role is to train effectively and quickly to become qualified and certified across needed NDE applications. A successful individual in this role is studious, autonomous, and motivated to start a career within NDE.RESPONSIBILITIES:

Studiously train with multiple instructors in order to gain on-the-job training (OJT)
Leverage OJT and self-study in order to effectively prepare for certification examinations and practical tests
Become certified in necessary NDE methods
Perform NDE inspections with the applicable NDE methods
Interpret, evaluate, communicate, and report findings to production and engineering teams
Interpret and review engineering drawings as required
Support the development of NDE inspection techniques for complex geometries
Support research and development of future NDE technology for operational improvements
Assist in training and developing others within the team

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
32 hours of formal training in liquid penetrant (PT) OR 80 hours of formal training in radiographic testing (RT) in line with ASNT-TC-1A, NAS-410, or DOD guidance

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

40 hours of formal training in line with ASNT-TC-1A, NAS-410, or DOD guidance in eddy current (ET), ultrasonic (UT) or visual inspection (VT)
Basic computer skills and familiarity with Microsoft applications, including Word, PowerPoint, Excel
Knowledge of AMS, AWSASME, ASTM
Experience with problem solving tools and techniques: practical problem solving (PPS), Eight Disciples (8D)
Basic understanding of lean principles: 5S, Kaizen, continuous improvement initiatives

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to lift 25 lbs. unassisted
Must be able to bend, stretch, stand for extended periods of time, climb stairs, reach, and twist
Ability to enter and work in confined spaces
Must be willing to work overtime and on weekends if needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:       
Pay range:NDE Inspector TraineeLevel 1: 25.00hour           
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  


SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.