SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. EQUIPMENT ENGINEER, INSOURCE MANUFACTURING (STARLINK)
SpaceX is developing a low-latency, broadband internet system to meet the needs of consumers across the globe. Enabled by a constellation of low Earth orbit satellites, Starlink will provide fast, reliable internet to populations with little or no connectivity, including those in rural communities and places where existing services are too expensive or unreliable.
Working directly in the materials engineering group, this position is responsible for providing engineering support on planned and unplanned repairs, modifications, and upgrades of production equipment in the Starlink program. Equipment engineers are the primary technical resource for technicians and support the day-to-day resolution of the most challenging technical issues facing the team. Equipment engineers take end-to-end ownership of equipment improvement projects from concept through design and implementation. This role plays a key part in maximizing critical production equipment availability- enabling Starlink to rapidly pursue its mission. The correct individual will bring an open mindset, challenge the status quo with regard to traditional vs. emerging technologies, and utilize a logical and disciplined approach to evaluate and select the correct set of solutions.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Demonstrate extreme ownership of projects through their entire lifecycle, from initial concept generation through fabrication and production bring-up  specifically focused on high pressure die casting, plastic injection molding, and stamping manufacturing processes.
Lead technicians to troubleshoot and resolve technically complex equipment failures.
Perform root cause analysis and action corrective measures to address equipment, process, and behavioral gaps.
Develop and execute complex improvement projects to maximize production equipment availability.
Complete hands-on and in-depth repairs of equipment: mechanical, electrical, fluid, pneumatic, and control system failures.
Coordinate internal and third-party resources to scope and execute repairs, overhauls, and equipment upgrade projects.
Leverage feedback from technicians to drive improvements to work instructions and processes.
Coordinate with internal equipment reliability engineering, tool engineering, and automation engineering teams to design and implement machine upgrades.
Balance simultaneous projects of varying scope and complexity in a fast-paced environment.
Create, modify, and update preventative maintenance instructions to eliminate recurring failures or low-value tasks.
Interface with engineering, quality, production, and procurement to resolve any hold factors blocking production.
Solve complex, open-ended problems with an emphasis on speed of execution and efficiency.
Publish and maintain detailed schedules for each development project segment.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical, manufacturing, materials engineering, or other engineering discipline.
5 years of experience with mechanical design of complex components and assemblies.
5 years of experience within injection molding

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience with custom machine design including electromechanical systems, end-of-arm tooling, motors, actuators, linear rails, bearings, liftingrigging, etc.
Experience with material requirements planning, enterprise resource planning, and computerized maintenance management systems.
Experience designing mechanical systems using 3D CAD software and 2D drawings.
Experience applying common manufacturing and machining processes where it applies to design- such as welding, machining, assembly, inspection, etc.
Experience sizing basic mechanical components and structures.
Solid understanding of drafting standards and demonstrated experience in applying geometric dimensioning and tolerancing.
Solid understanding of common manufacturing processes and hands-on machining experience including mills, lathes, manual, and computer numerical control (CNC).

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to travel to other SpaceX sites andor vendors for significantextended periods of time (up to 25 of the time).
Ability to lift up to 25Ibs unassisted.
Standingwalking for long periods of time.
Willingness to work long hours and weekends as necessary to accommodate manufacturing and test campaigns.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Sr. Equipment EngineerSenior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year       
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.                         
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.