SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TECHNICAL WRITER (DRAGON MAINTENANCE)
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Interact with engineers, subject matter experts, and production personnel to create and edit assembly and test work instructions or specifications
Interpret engineering documentation to create accurate technician-oriented work instructions and process documents that fully meet design intent
Creatively overhaul and re-design any project or workflow to optimize comprehension, while meeting requirements
Develop creative automated solutions to track and manage large integrated planning from development through document release (using SQL)
Maximize process and instruction efficiency and reduce the probability of technician error
Understand safety requirements related to hazardous operations and implement appropriately
Validate and ensure correct configurations of flight capsules are maintained throughout the maintenance campaign
Manage maintenance requirement tracking and change scope to ensure 100 incorporation of requirements per mission
Lead engineering master development cycles and track planning release across the maintenance team
Develop advanced tools to improve production and tech writer interfaces, to optimize content delivery and limit manual content maintenance 
Produce solutions for special projects: technical, training, graphic design, web content design, or workflow development
Work with documents within version control software and documentation release systems in order to preserve and manage content integrity and configuration

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree
1 years of experience in planning or technical writing

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in mechanical engineering, physics, aerospace engineering, or other engineering discipline
5 years of professional experience with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Adobe Acrobat
Experience with 2D and 3D graphics and both raster-and-vector based image-editing software
Experience converting engineering instructions and information into content intended for a variety of audiences and ability levels
Familiarity with mechanical processes in a manufacturing environment, including complex fluid andor mechanical assemblies
Experience reading technical drawings and schematics
Experience with HTML, CSS, SQL, and JavaScript 
Experience with Microsoft Macro and VBA coding

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to pass Air Force background check for Cape Canaveral
Overall mental fitness with the ability to work in a high-concentration, high-stress environment requiring prolonged mental concentration
Occasional travel may be required

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:Pay range:Technical WriterLevel I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per yearYour actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.