
SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.   


SR. SOFTWARE ENGINEER, DATA (STARSHIELD)


Starshield leverages SpaceXs Starlink technology and launch capability to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads.
The Starshield software team is building highly reliable in-space mesh networks, designing secure systems to guarantee access to space, designing next-gen communication and sensing software, and more. Aerospace experience is not required to be successful here - we want our engineers to bring fresh ideas from all areas. We look for engineers who love solving problems and seek to make an impact on an inspiring mission. As we expand this team, were looking for versatile, motivated, and collaborative engineers. 
Our team is involved in designing the vehicle systems at every phase of development. We build tools that enable us to work more efficiently, and that help us build software systems that are secure, reliable, and autonomous. Our software engineers are responsible for the life cycle of the software they create, including development, testing, and operational support.  


RESPONSIBILITIES: 

See your software through from start to finish: from figuring out the core needs to prototyping, developing, and testing; to on-orbit rollout and beyond
Build ground-based software systems that ingest, transform, and store data 
Apply data analytics, models, and techniques to data products created by space vehicles  
Create catalogs of data and tools that can be used by you and other teams to perform analytics  
Fuse data from multiple sources to create usable information 



BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or STEM discipline and 5 years of experience in software development; OR 7 years of professional experience in software development in lieu of a degree 
Professional Experience building software solutions with one of the following software languages: C, Java, Python, or C 
Professional Experience building solutions with HDFS, HBase, or other storage technology   



PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Professional experience in analytics, data science, or machine learning 
Experience using Spark, Presto, Flink, or Snowflake 
Built solutions with Parquet, or similar storage formats 
Knowledge of Kubernetes 
Built solutions with in-stream data processing of structured and semi-structured data   
Experience building predictive models and machine learning pipelines (clustering analysis, prediction, anomaly detection)  
C experience
Developed analysis techniques for data fusion or sensor fusion applications 
Experience in custom ETL design, implementation and maintenance 
Understanding of Linux environments and open source tools 
Experience handling large (TB) datasets 
Active Top Secret, Top Secret SCI, OR ability and willingness to obtain a Top Secret clearance [is desired but not required]

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing to work extended hours and weekends when needed 
An active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions; if so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Data EngineerSenior: 160,000.00 - 220,000.00per year   
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
