SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. MISSION INTEGRATION ENGINEER (CAPE CANAVERAL)
As a Sr. Mission Integrator on the Launch Site Customer Operations and Integration team, you will be a face to customers and multiple government entities for the launch site. In this role you will be responsible for ensuring ground systems and flight hardware (rockets and payloads) are compliant with requirements for hazardous operations on-base, maintaining launch site certification, pushing back on unnecessary requirements, and streamlining existing processes. This role will be a critical enabler for the 2024 manifest increase as we streamline our regulatory requirements and processes, with the addition of launching Starship at the Cape.
You will be a subject-matter expert for all launch site ground systems, responsible for maintaining Range approval for all hazardous systems and operations and launch site certification with the USSF, NASA, and NRO government customers. Youll work directly with the launch pad and flight hardware integration teams to ensure all Range documentation is current and approved, refining and challenging Space Force Space Command Manual 91-710, KSC, and FAA requirements to drive both safety and efficiency improvements, as well working to tailor requirements that add unnecessary complexity.
In this position, you will also represent the SpaceX launch site to our customers. In addition to ensuring all government and commercial payload Range requirements are met, you will be charged with ensuring we successfully execute all our contractual launch site deliverables for National Security Space (NSS) missions. You will be responsible for maintaining certification of the launch site and providing operational insight to our government customers. This does not stop at ensuring we meet requirements  your job will be to ensure the process is as efficient as possible.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Actively streamline the launch process for safe, reliable, robust, rapid, and cost-effective launch by challenging requirements and typical timelinescost by analyzing and balancing risk between SpaceX and external entities.
Function as launch site Responsible Engineer to own and organize ground system Range requirements and safety documentation, including:

Air Force Space Command Manual (AFSPCMAN) 91-710 Tailoring
FalconDragonPad System Manuals, aka Missile System Prelaunch Safety Package (MSPSP)
Ground Operations Plan (GOP)
Operational Safety Plan (OSP)
Facility Safety Data Package (FSDP)
Explosive Site Plan (ESP)
Hazard Analysis
Visitor Protection Plan (VPP)


Function as launch site focal point for spacecraft Range requirements and safety documentation.
Manage government customer certification requirements and change for all launch site ground systems (Starship, F9, pads, and Dragon).
Function as the subject matter expert and primary point of contact for Range Safety. Will include regular recurring tag ups to drive continuous progress.
Plan, schedule, and staff Range SafetyGovernment customer oversight site visits and technical interchange meetings.

BASIC REQUIREMENTS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical engineering, physics, aerospace engineering, or another engineering discipline.
5 years of technical project management experience.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Professional experience with launch vehicle integration or pad operations.
Excellent written and verbal skills.
Successfully negotiating complex agreements or issues to resolution.
Demonstrated technical aptitude for the products you have supported.
Regulatory compliance experience, specifically with tailoring requirements.
Experience working with cross-functional team and external customers.
Highly detail oriented, diligent, hard working.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to pursue a clearance if not already cleared with Top Secret or Top Secret SCI. Note that an active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions. If so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing.
Must be willing to travel to other SpaceX offices, vendors, and customers as necessary (Occasional travel, approximately 5).
Must be willing to work long hours and occasional weekends when necessary to support launch and critical project timelines.
Occasionally exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain, ice.
Ability to work in extreme environments  heat, cold, rain, fumes, odors, and noise.
Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Sr. Mission Integration Engineer: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.