SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PROCESS SPECIALIST, AUTOMATION (STARSHIP)
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Design, develop and manage automation and controls projects from initial concept to commissioning.
Design and commission basic PLC and HMI software applications
Redline, modify and correct electrical and pneumatic schematics for automated tooling using EPLAN electrical and fluid
Wire and commission electrical and pneumatic automated control systems
Build control panels to NFPA 79 and UL 508A standards
Troubleshoot and modify PLC software where required
Develop detailed training manuals and independently train production staff on machine and cell operations
Audit manufacturing process - assessing process inefficiencies, safety improvements, and potential optimizations through the implementation of automation
Solve technical and emergent issues on the manufacturing cell without engineering oversight
Drive specifications for deliverables with design engineers (internal  external) to define build and test criteria and production operation requirements
Trade machine design options for flexibility vs risk, cost and schedule comparisons

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
3 years of experience in one or a combination of the following:

Professional experience or internships in automation (industrial, machine, robotic, test, or control systems)
Involvement with a project team designing and building robotics or automated systems
Academic research on robotics or machine design


2 years of experience troubleshooting and programming 6-axis and Cartesian robots

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

3 years of manufacturing experience in a high-volume production environment
Electrical schematic CAD experience using EPlan
C, .NET, python andor SQL experience
PLC programming or Beckhoff experience
HMI and SCADA programming experience
Field bus networks, serial communication and Ethernet communication
Hands-on experience building and commissioning high quality electrical control panels and electro-mechanical systems
Knowledge of NEC, NFPA 79, UL508A codes
3 years hydraulicpneumatic and mechanical maintenance
Experience in independently troubleshooting advanced electrical circuits, electronic systems, motors  starters, electrically operated equipment and making successful repairs and modifications
Proficient in excel, office, and word
Able to interpret geometrical tolerances on part drawings

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
Pay range: 
Process SpecialistsLevel 1: 28.00hour
Process SpecialistsLevel 2: 32.00hour
Process SpecialistsLevel 3: 36.00hour  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.