SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. BUILD RELIABILITY ENGINEER (AVIONICS)
The Build Reliability organization at SpaceX is an inclusive, interdisciplinary team that is committed to the reliability of avionics hardware. Your breadth of exposure as a Senior Avionics Build Reliability Engineer will be immense as you collaborate with other core groups at SpaceX, supporting the hardware from design to production and operation. You use data to understand the factors that drive reliability and support quality objectives in design and development teams to drive improvements in reliability in manufacturing, test, and flight. You have the ability to dive deep into the details to identify, understand, and solve difficult technical problems and also utilize a system level approach to prioritize issues for the vehicle as a whole. You thrive in a hands-on environment and will spend time in the office, on the factory floor, and in the lab to execute on the mission to make humanity interplanetary.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Responsible partner with core electrical design engineering and avionics manufacturing teams through product development and production to improve product reliability by applying best practices to designs and establishing repeatable process control
Support new product development by prototyping early development hardware to learn the design limitations through a HASS style development
Identify opportunities for risk reduction and removal of complexity in designs and processes to improve manufacturability, collaborating with integrated product teams to drive improvements and address high-impact and repeating non-conformances
Utilize schematics, test equipment, and inspection processes to conduct PCBA test failure investigations, performing structured root cause analysis to identify design, manufacturing, and process changes to prevent future product failures
Lead initiatives for risk reduction and removal of complexity in designs and processes to improve manufacturability, collaborating with integrated product teams to drive improvements and address high-impact and repeating non-conformances
Monitor the yield rate of products and drive corrective action to products not meeting design specifications
Contain suspect or known non-conforming product, providing guidance to quality inspectors, technicians, shop supervisors and engineers to assist in quarantining and rework activities
Support the shop floor in continuous improvement and the advancing of a Lean, autonomous production system through creation of standard reworkrepair guides, removal of redundant or unnecessary inspection, and improved control and optimization of critical processes
Serve as technical expert in avionics processes to challenge requirements to determine what adds value and what is non-value added overhead
Work with core avionics to determine the minimum viable sequence of acceptance testing that needs to be performed on flight hardware to guarantee high reliability at the system level
Provide mentorship and guidance to junior engineers on the team

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering or an engineering discipline with an emphasis in electrical engineering or electronics
5 years in a PCBA manufacturing andor avionics design role with a focus on hands on hardware supporttestroot cause
3 years of experience with electrical test equipment (e.g., multimeters, signal generators, oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers) to verify hardware functionality

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in electrical engineering or an engineering discipline with an emphasis in electrical engineering or electronics
8 years of industry experience working with electronic hardware
Electrical schematic and PCB design (eCAD) software (e.g., Altium, Orcad)
Common circuit blocks including filters, power supplies, and microcontrollers
Circuit simulation software (e.g., SPICE, LTSPICE)
Ability to troubleshoot PCBA level failures and provide corrective action
PCBA Fabrication experience (familiar with solder, flux, underfill, staking, reflow, temperature control, etc.)
Demonstrated application of process controls in high volume manufacturing, test, and quality environment
Experience with RF test equipment (vector network analyzers and spectrum analyzers)
Experience with RF concepts such as S-parameters, impedance matching, and antenna designs
Experience developing or supporting any of the following productsprocesses:

Avionics integration and testing
Analog, digital, and mixed signal circuit testing
PCBA root cause analysis and testing
Electrical schematic capture and PCB design (eCAD) software (e.g. Altium, Orcad)
Design for excellence (DFX), root cause, derating, and related analyses
Digital communications interfaces including SPI, I2C, CAN, Ethernet, and RS422
Battery systems design and assembly
Solar power systems design and assembly
Knowledgeable with IPC standards such as IPC-A-610G
Process automation



ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work extended hours, weekends, and offsite as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 
Pay range: 
Senior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.