SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PAINT TECHNICIAN (FALCON 9)
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Mix, strip, paint, and detail advanced paint systems on launch vehicles
Prepare metallic substrates using mechanical abrasion and chemical etchants
Mix and apply of sealants and adhesives for structural components
Conduct periodic maintenance on various paint spraying equipment (such as gravity-fed, pressure pot, and airless-type)
Accurately use precision measuring tools such as calipers, elcometers, or ohmmeters
Assist with area projects to improve safety, quality, and delivery

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate  
1 years of experience spraying advanced paint systems (e.g. epoxies, urethanes, solvent-based paints, andor acrylics)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

3 years of industry experience in advanced paint systems
Experience in a manufacturing or production environment in the aerospace or aviation industry
Ability to interpret electronic work instructions, process specifications, and technical drawings
Ability to perform basic shop math (such as geometry and trigonometry)
Ability to manage accurate mix ratios, cure schedules, and overcoat windows
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work all shifts, overtime, andor weekends as needed. 1st shift (5 AM  2:30 PM) or 2nd shift (2 PM  1 AM)
This is a hands-on position that may require standing for up to 4 hours a day and working directly with hardware on the floor
Must be able to lift at least up to 25 lbs unassisted
Must be comfortable stooping, bending, standing, climbing ladders, or working in tight spaces
Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, and weekends as required
Able to pass pulmonary function test to obtain respirator certification

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Paint TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 24.50hour    Paint TechnicianLevel 2: 23.00 - 29.00hour    Paint TechnicianLevel 3: 27.00 - 35.00hour          Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.                          ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.