SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
LEAD MACHINE MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN - 2ND SHIFT
The Machine Maintenance team provides mechanical, electrical and control support to production and development and fabrication teams at SpaceX. A large variety of machine configurations and systems are supported. The Maintenance leas oversees a team of technicians responsible for repair, preventative maintenance and modification of that machinery. The position will require collaboration and critical thinking to balance the team workload and drive unique equipment issues to quick resolutions in a demanding environment.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Oversee the planning, scheduling and execution of corrective and preventative maintenance issues on time.
Assess work priorities and optimize the allocation of skilled technicians across multiple urgent repairs, PMs and projects.
Provide practical and technical insight to production, maintenance, and engineering teams to improve upon operation, application, and preventative maintenance practices.
Work with and coordinate OEM support teams, providing internal and external feedback regarding the quality of service delivered.
Mentor and guide technicians, develop team skill sets to adapt to dynamic company goals and evolving machinery and operations.
Use machine failure findings as feedback to engineering teams for improved preventative maintenance andor improved machine selection and use.
Work with shop management to cross-train machine operators to perform basic maintenance and machine recovery.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of industry experience leading teams, projects, andor people

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
Analytic thinker that gets to the root of problems and comes up with permanent solutions to remedy issues
Detail oriented, organized, and able to demonstrate a high sense of urgency
Ability to rapidly change priorities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment
Strong interpersonal and diplomacy skills
Experience w maintaining hydraulic, pneumatic and electrical systems
Experience w operating  troubleshooting manufacturing equipment
Understanding of machining processes within a maintenance and application perspective 
Intermediate skill level using Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Power Point, Outlook), Smartsheet, Jira and other organizational software

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available for at least one of the following shifts:

2nd shift Monday - Friday (3:30 PM to 2 AM)
2nd shift Tuesday - Saturday (3:30 PM to 2 AM)


Ability to work at elevated heights occasionally (scissor lifts and articulated boom lifts)
Physical effort including standing, lifting, and carrying equipment up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Ability to work in outdoor environments as needed
Must be available to work extended hours and weekends as needed
Willing to travel for short trips as needed, up to 10 travel

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:    Lead Maintenance TechnicianLevel 3: 35.00 - 45.00hour  2.00hour lead differential    Lead Maintenance TechnicianLevel 4: 40.00 - 50.00hour  2.00hour lead differential    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.