SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. BUSINESS ANALYST (STARLINK ENTERPRISE)
Starlink, our revolutionary satellite constellation, will deliver low-latency broadband internet worldwide. The Starlink Enterprise Account Management team serves as the point of contact for Starlinks growing base of enterprise customers from contract signature, through successful activation, ensuring all contract terms are fulfilled. This role will be responsible for analyzing data about Starlink enterprise customers and translating it into reporting, recommendations, and tooling to improve both our customers experience and internal Starlink operations. Our ideal candidate has self-starter that has a passion for building analytics from scratch, prototyping tools, and working cross-functionality to simplify systems.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Conduct analyses (SQL queries, other methods) that identify issues and opportunities impacting our customers, including actionable recommendations that quantifiably change outcomes
Define and develop department-level metrics and associated dashboards that quantify the health of our customer accounts and influence change
Integrate with all levels of the business to understand current workflows and identify systematic gaps
Develop automation that accelerate revenue, mitigates business risk or creates efficiencies within Starlink Business Operations and across teams
Own data integrity, tool maintenance, and reporting quality
Train internal users, external technical teams, and leaders on dashboard, API, and tool usage; assist in troubleshooting
Improve data capture for future Account Management use cases, identifying front-end requirements and collaborating with software development teams on table structure
Support new market launch, continuous improvement, and cross-functional strategic initiatives

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree
5 years of professional experience in reporting and analytics within customer operations, manufacturing, quality, human resources, purchasing, operations, cost accounting, supply chain management, or consulting
3 years of professional experience building required datasets to create and manage dashboards using data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, Power BI, Looker)
3 years of professional experience in at least one analytics language (e.g. Python, R)
1 years of experience leading projects

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in business, supply chain, management information systems, computer science, engineering, or economics discipline
Advanced SQL proficiency (i.e. advanced joins, viewstable distinctions, and basic query optimizations)
Advanced understanding of database structures, query optimizations, ETL development
Experience automating analytics tasks (i.e. intermediate coding skills (VBA, Python, C, etc.)
Start-up, consulting, or other demonstrated experience in high-growth, fast-paced, rapidly changing environment
Strong project management and self-directed prioritization skills
Exceptional ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical audiences at all organizational levels
Ability to develop and maintain strong relationships across disciplines and with multiple levels of management
Experience working with customer operations teams and tools (e.g. ticketing, account management, communications tools)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work long hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
Pay Range:    
Sr. Business Analyst: 110,000.00 - 145,000.00per year 
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.