SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MANUFACTURING ENGINEER, PRECISION MACHINING (STARLINK)
As an engineer at SpaceX, you will have the opportunity to utilize your knowledge, experience, and creativity to develop novel solutions at the cutting edge of space technology. You will work on hardware that will deliver satellites into earth orbit, ferry humans to and from the international space station, and ultimately extend humanitys reach beyond the earth and moon. You will own the relationship between our engineering and production teams. You will provide input into the design and development of new and existing hardware and take a lead role in manufacturing and integration within production on our current and next generation vehicles.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Drive manufacturing system development and precision machining capability for Starlink satellites and ground station with micron-level tolerances
Own manufacturing requirements for machining, and challenge design and operational inputs to ensure high quality and low cost
Design and execute machine and inspection qualification programs for new machines and process changes
Design and procure tooling and fixtures to aid machining processes
Analyze process outputs such as precision inspection data, functional testing, and RF testing, and adjust process inputs to improve product reliability
Construct and manage manufacturing BOMs, work instructions, and specifications
Create, maintain, and report production schedule and status

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
1 years of experience from industry or participation in collegiate engineering or research projects (internship experience will qualify)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

Masters degree in an engineering discipline
3 years of professional experience in design andor production of mechanical or electronics hardware systems
Experience identifying and implementing critical process controls including machine programming, environmental, and tool controls
Experience with high precision machining at micron-level tolerances
Experience with high precision inspection methods including CMM and optical measurements
Experience with CAM programming (NX CAM, HSMWorks, MasterCAM)
Geometric dimensioning and tolerancing (GDT) experience
CAD experience (NX  Teamcenter)
Tooling design experience
Design for manufacturability and assembly experience

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Able to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:    Manufacturing EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    Manufacturing EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.