SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. MANUFACTURING ENGINEER, INJECTION MOLDING (STARLINK)
As a Manufacturing Engineer at SpaceX you will have the opportunity to utilize your knowledge, experience and creativity to develop novel solutions at the cutting edge of technology. SpaceX is developing a low latency, broadband internet system to meet the needs of consumers across the globe. Enabled by a constellation of low Earth orbit satellites, Starlink provides fast, reliable internet to populations with little or no connectivity, including those in rural communities and places where existing services are too expensive or unreliable. We are looking for a talented lead engineer to establish our plastic injection molding and high pressure die casting production lines and eventually ramp to full scale production for millions of devices that will sit in our customers homes.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Responsible for development of plastic injection molding and high pressure die casting manufacturing processes for Starlink hardware
Responsible for the development of the injection molding process through parameter optimization, DOE experiments, and trials that will lead to a robust process
Responsible for implementing plug-and-play processes to production that are capable of high volume throughput (1M per year)
Take direct ownership of the physical production layout, optimizing for material flow from material receiving through processes on the line
Manage strategy for production line tooling, inventory, training and build process and ensure all are updated according to the latest design configuration
Responsible for influencing design to increase product manufacturability
Evangelize and drive design for test (DFT) best practices and design for manufacturing (DFM) with design engineers and test engineers
Identify automation opportunities and establish requirements as well as evaluating return on investment for each
Work with in-house resources or vendors as necessary to develop these solutions and implement on production line
Support production line with technical issues that cannot be addressed immediately on the line

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in aerospace, mechanical, systems, electrical, materials, or related engineering discipline
5 years of experience from industry or participation in collegiate engineering or research projects

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Advanced degree in an engineering discipline
Previous experience leading team of high performing engineers andor specialists
Direct experience with plastic injection molding
Ability to design tooling for high volume manufacturing
Ability to develop and maintain high performing suppliers and contract manufacturers
Experience working in a highly adaptive and iterative environment
Experience implementing automation into production processes
Experience transitioning products from design to manufacturing and scaling to high volume as part of a cross-functional team
Experience with design of experiments, gauge repeatability and reproducibility, and process qualifications
Experience defining production data requirements and statistical process control
Experience with NX and Teamcenter
Experience working with and defining requirements for ERP, MRP and MES systems

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to life heavy objects, up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Willing to work weekend and extended hours as needed
Able to travel for business trips as needed (up to 70) to Hawthorne, CA for initial training (3-4 months) and up to 10 on an ongoing basis  

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:    Sr. Manufacturing Engineer: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.