SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PROPULSION ENGINEER, MACHINING QUALITY (RAPTOR)
As a propulsion engineer for Raptor machining quality, you will have the opportunity to influence, scale, and solve challenging problems relating to the production of Raptor parts and processing. The ideal candidate will thrive in a fast-paced environment with ever-changing scope and focus areas. This individual understands how to best design for manufacturing and will conceptualizeimplement full-scale production processes for precision inspection of our critical hardware within production rate and cost goals.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Identify, develop, and implement inspection processes to help solve for engine cost, quality, and production rate  specifically focused on valve, turbopump, thrust chamber, or injector hardware.
Work between manufacturing and design engineers, machinists, technicians, and quality personnel to ensure processes are robust and any production problems are quickly solved.
Partner with design to identify and implement design for manufacturing (DFM) updates at both the piece part and system level.
Implement inspection process controls that allow parts to run lights out. Leverage the latest technologies and programming strategies to improve efficiency and reliability.
Take responsibility for partpart family quality. Expected to understand the quality landscape and drive projects to ensure dimensions meet part requirements with low overhead.
Drive inspection processes towards a statistically controlled (SPC) environment. Develop and implement tools needed to show capability.
Responsible for full circle inspection process from planning and work instructions, fixture design and manufacturing, CMM programming, and program refinementinspection methodologies.
Regularly challenge each process, part, and operation to create the most manufacturable, reliable engine hardware possible.
Work with production to ensure the hardware you are responsible for is delivered on time or ahead of schedule. 
Oversee introduction and implementation of new product and product revisions, frequently multiple at a given time.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical, manufacturing, or aerospace engineering.
1 year of industry experience in machining inspection.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in mechanical, manufacturing, or aerospace engineering.
2 years of experience with at least 1x CAMCMM programming platform.
2 years of experience specifically focused on high-precision inspection of machined components.
1 year of experience with process development from RD to volume manufacturing.
1 year of experience designing work holding and inspection of machined parts made from cast or additively manufactured processes.
Knowledge of multiple machined component inspection-related techniques such as but not limited to; Hard gauging, CMMs, mold inspections, and specialized inspection equipment
Component andor tooling design and analysis (3D computer-aided design).
Experience writing work instructions and procedures for critical aerospace parts.
Experience in a production environment within the aerospace industry.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

This is a hands-on position that will require standing for long durations of your day and working directly with hardware on the floor.
Must be comfortable stooping, bending, and standing.
Position may require occasional travel, long hours, or weekend work.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Propulsion EngineerLevel 1: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearPropulsion EngineerLevel 2: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 