SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
EXECUTIVE IT SUPPORT SPECIALIST
SpaceX is looking for an Executive IT Support Specialist to provide world-class support to our executive team. This person will ensure that executives have state-of-the-art, always-on, always-working IT solutions. To be successful, this person must be self-directed, motivated, organized, and results-driven. This person must have excellent listening skills and is required to have excellent oral and written communication skills. As a motivated technologist, this person must understand current technologies and must be continuously exploring and experimenting with new technologies.RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Design, document, deploy, and support a wide range of technologies used by the executive team 
Investigate, trial, and recommend new and upgraded technologies that would increase the efficiency andor effectiveness of the executive team 
Work closely with the corporate Information Technology, Applications, and Information Security teams to ensure enterprise solutions will enable the executive team 
Manage schedules and provide after-hours and weekend support when necessary 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

3 years of experience in enterprise IT support 
Experience with Windows, OS X, IOS, and Android operating systems 
Experience with Microsoft Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange Server, Microsoft Outlook, ActiveSync, Microsoft SharePoint Server, and Office6 
Experience with video conferencing hardware and software 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in computer science or engineering 
Strong general computer technology skills 
Demonstrated knowledge in both wired and wireless network technologies 
Due to the high visibility of this position, excellent written, verbal and phone communications skills  
Knowledge of emerging technologies (latest and greatest hardwaresoftware)
Experience working with and supporting an executive client group
Ability to prioritize executive support issues above all else
Ability to make independent judgment calls to resolve urgent and critical matters
Ability to provide lightning-speed response to all executive support requests
Can-do attitude, defaulting to yes, we will figure out a way
Ability to proactively test for possible failure scenarios and consider edge cases 

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing to work overtime and weekends when needed 
Must be willing to travel (15) to other sites for support 
Ability to lift 25 lbs. unassisted 
Must use iPhone as primary mobile phone  
Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:             Pay Range:        Executive IT Support Specialist: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year             
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.                       
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.