SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
OPERATIONS ENGINEER (RAPTOR)
The Raptor Operations Engineering team builds the machine that makes the machine, in this case the factory that builds the worlds most advanced rocket engine. Factory build and expansion, process flow, machine moves and project planning all fall under the scope of this very hands on team. Ops engineers have an eye for detail and simplicity and make that become real on the factory floor. If you like strategic planning, juggling many different priorities, occasionally driving a forklift and spending most of your time away from your desk, a role on the operations engineering team may be for you!
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Designs and owns factory  production area layouts following the rules of clear visual indicators and linear flow
Conducts job walks with vendors, negotiate prices and hold vendors to schedule
Hosts process walks of production lines, asks good questions to determine what process steps can be deleted or simplified and help kick off the changes
Executes on complex projects in the minimum amount of time and expense to the business
Gets hands on, leads by example to get projects completed rapidly

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering, math or physics discipline
1 years of experience an industrial, operations, process or manufacturing engineer in a developmental manufacturing environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience with industrial facilities; HVAC, gases, electrical, structuralfoundations, etc.
Experience with inventory, production, and capacity planning (including MRPERP systems)
Experience with lean, six sigma, and related production principles
Ability to work well across teams and skill sets to find the simplest and best solution

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work extended hours andor weekends as needed, including occasional short-notice domestic travel

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:
Pay range: Operations EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearOperations EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 