SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
NDE INSPECTOR, CERTIFIED WELDING INSPECTOR (CWI)
The NDE operations organization at SpaceX is an inclusive, inter-disciplinary team that is committed to providing high-quality inspections of flight components and production assemblies. The breadth of exposure as an NDE Inspector is immense, as the organization is responsible for a large diversity of inspection types across Falcon, Dragon, Starship, and Raptor programs. You will have the ability to engage with the process and provide continuous improvements on the mission to make humanity interplanetary.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Perform internal and external inspections to determine if a weldmentstructure meets the acceptance criteria of a specific code, standard or document
Interpret codes and specifications in accordance with the drawing requirements
Use a computer to compile and submit data of acceptance or rejection of inspections, as well as for inter-office communications
Recommend and approve repairs as well as perform visual inspection of work in progress and completed work
Monitor welding processes such as gas tungsten arc welding, gas metal arc welding, flux cored arc welding, and shielded metal arc welding, and plasma arc welding and assuring they are performed in accordance with qualified procedures
Verify and document welder qualifications
Verify the compliance of base metals with the applicable specifications
Appraise welding joint designs and joint preparations for compliance with drawing
Verify proper fit, cleanliness, and environmental conditions
Verify tack weld quality
Verify preheat and interpass temperatures
Assure the proper control and handling of welding consumables
Verify the interpass and final cleaning
Assure the products conformity to drawings and specifications
Verify cleanliness and weld surface quality
Oversee NDT examinations, proof, and if required mechanical testing
Oversee repair activities
Verify the proper performance of post-weld heat treatments
Confirm adequate documentation of fabrication and inspection activities
Assist in training and developing of other teammates
Support the development of NDE inspection techniques for complex geometries
Interpret and review engineering drawings as required
Interpret, evaluate, communicate, and report findings to production and engineering teams
Perform surface, near surface, and volumetric NDE inspections with visual, magnetic particle, and ultrasonic inspection methods
Conduct vendor surveillance audits of welding and inspection work as needed

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
Current American Welding Society (AWS) Certified Welding Inspector (CWI) certification

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years of experience as a Certified Welding Inspector (CWI)
Extensive knowledge of industry standards including ABS, AWS, and ASME
Working knowledge of surface and subsurface NDE methodologies
NDT level II certification in line with ASNT-TC-1A or NAS-410 or DoD guidance in at least one of the following: visual (VT), magnetic particle (MT), ultrasonic (UT), phased array (PAUT), eddy current (ET), or dye penetrant (PT)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Travel up to 50 of the time
Ability to lift 25 lbs. unassisted, bend stretch, stand for extended periods of time, climb stairs, reach, twist, sit, walk, andor run
Willingness to work overtime hours and weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines
Ability to pass Space Force andor Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:    
NDE Inspector, Certified Weld InspectorLevel 1: 23.00 - 31.00hourNDE Inspector, Certified Weld InspectorLevel 2: 28.00 - 38.00hourNDE Inspector, Certified Weld InspectorLevel 3: 33.00 - 44.75hourNDE Inspector, Certified Weld InspectorLevel 4: 38.00 - 51.50hourNDE Inspector, Certified Weld InspectorLevel 5: 43.00 - 58.25hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.    
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.