SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars. 
SR. STRUCTURAL ENGINEER, STRUCTURAL TEST (STARSHIP) 
The Starship Structural Test team is responsible for testing the limit of Starships primary structure. We are seeking a senior structural engineer who will be both an individual contributor and a technical leader on large steel and steel reinforced concrete structural systems. You will architect, perform detailed design and analysis on, and build structures to apply flight-like loads to Starship test articles. Due to the iteration speed and scale of the loads you will be challenged to develop unique, fast to build, and cost-effective structures.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 
As a member of the team you can expect:

A dynamic role contributing technical expertise in design, analysis, and fabrication of large steel and composite steel and concrete structures
Work with vehicle and test engineers to develop test structures from conception. Your designs wont be isolated  they often interact directly with the rocket structure  so careful consideration of boundary conditions, load paths and stiffness will be necessary
Be responsible for fabrication planning and on-site fabrication support of your structures

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
5 years of experience in engineering of composite steel and concrete structural systems used in large buildings, bridges, nuclear containment, test systems, or other large-scale applications 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

Masters degree or PhD in aerospace, civilstructural, mechanical engineering, or related field 
Experience with nonlinear structural analysis for steel and concrete structural systems 
Licensed Structural Engineering (SE) or Professional Engineering (PE)
Knowledge of American Institute of Steel Construction (AISC) Steel Construction Manual, American Concrete Institute (ACI) code 318, American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) 7, and International Building Codes (IBC)
Knowledge of ETABS, SAP2000, S-Concrete, ANSYS, FEMAP or similar analysis design programs

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Considerable travel to the Starbase facility is required if working out of the Bastrop SpaceX office (up to 50) 
Ability to perform job duties that require standing, kneeling, crouching, twisting upper body, working in cramped positions in small openings and climbing hand over hand Ability to work at elevated heights occasionally (scissor lifts and articulating boom lifts)
Typically exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain
Work performed in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise
Schedule varies depending on site operational needs; flexibility required 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 
Pay range:           Structural EngineerSenior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year 
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience. 
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.   

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. 
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 