SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PRODUCTION SUPERVISOR (TANK WELDMENT)
The Tank Weldment team is looking for a highly skilled Production Supervisor who must be an excellent problem solver and be able to overcome challenging circumstances on a daily basis to ensure successful production of rockets and spacecraft at the required rate and quality. This role will involve the management of technicians in various areas of the production floor across Tank Weldment by overseeing day-to-day tasks of technicians and scheduling. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Supervise shop floor activity, including daily schedules and workflow
Resolve nonconformance issues including documentation of associated rework; review work instructions, and make change recommendations when needed
Lead and manage a staff of 10-20 technicians including all performance management related tasks
Coordinate with engineering and other departments to minimize production interruptions
Identify training needs and develop training programs
Provide required data and reporting to support departmental metrics and improvement objectives
Monitor labor hours and overtime, and implement improvement plans and time management with staff
Accomplish production results by communicating job expectations; plan, monitor, and appraise job results
Maintain work flow by monitoring steps of the process; set processing variables, and observe control points and equipment
Initiate and foster a spirit of cooperation within and between departments
Ensure product quality and conformance to specifications, and perform risk identification and mitigation
Improve process and manpower efficiency, utilization, safety, and productivity

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree or 5 years of professional experience in a manufacturingtesting environment
1 years of experience leading a team or project

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years of professional experience with one or more of the following: machining, welding or metal fabrication
3 years of experience in the manufacturing of aerospace hardware
Ability to effectively communicate (verbal and written) with engineering and production teams
Able to adapt to constant changing work assignments and fast paced work environment
Excellent concentration and attention to detail with outstanding work efficiency and accuracy
Lean manufacturing training and experience
Experience solving manufacturing problems
Experience working with large-scale manufacturing machines
Experience with PLC troubleshooting, HMIs, and NC programming
Experience with surface and sub-surface NDE methodologies (such as dye penetrant inspection or ultrasonic inspection)
Demonstrated record of high performance (4x4 and above)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to travel - up to 5 travel
Ability to perform job duties that require standing, kneeling, crouching, twisting upper body, working in cramped positions in small opening and climbing hand over hand, lifting 25 lbs., and working on ladderslifts at elevated heights
Must be available to work extended hours, all shifts, and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        
Pay range:Production Supervisor: 105,000.00 - 135,000.00per year     
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.   
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.