SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SUPERVISOR, SECURITY
The Security Supervisor is responsible for overseeing the daily management of the Site Security Team in order to keep the facility safe, secure and operational. In the absence of the Security Manager, you will handle administrative duties and attend meetings as needed. You will facilitate the duties of security officers to ensure security requirements are being met, and work with vendors and internal staff to ensure all security equipment is operational.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Monitor all security systems to include access control, intrusion detection, CCTV, and other electronic measures and become familiar with common trouble shooting measures
Develop and maintain positive relations with company stakeholders and external partners
Adapt procedures and practices to maintain an appropriate security posture in a high profile, fast paced industrial environment
Train site security staff in emergency response measures, develop security procedures and ensure compliance by security staff
Communicate effectively to a wide audience in a crisis or high stress environment
Maintain security compliance and site access requirements
Oversee a team of security personnel

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
6 years of experience in the military, law enforcement, overseas security contracting, or advanced corporate security realm or 1 years as a SpaceX Security Officer 3
1 year of executive protection, mobile asset protection, or emergency response team experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

3 years of experience in a supervisory role
Bachelors degree
Active (or ability to obtain) U.S. Security Clearance (TS-SCI)
Familiar with Department of Homeland Security C-FATS (Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards) and NISPOM (National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual)
Industry certifications, such as CPP, PSP, APP
Public safety and emergency experience, such as First AidCPR training
Windows based operating systems, intermediate level proficiency
Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook), intermediate level proficiency
Experience with video management, access control, incident reporting, visitor management, and other security system software
Experience working with various security systems

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Availability to work any schedule needed, to include; nights, weekends and rotating
Position is subject to pre-employment enhanced screening, including a background check, psychological test, bi-annual physical fitness test, and a drug and alcohol test
Ability and willingness to occasionally stand in a static position for extended periods
Able to wear approximately 20-30lbs of gear throughout a 12-hour shift
Willingness to travel up to 15 of time in support of SpaceX Security requirements should the need arise
Valid drivers license
Possess or be eligible for a valid state security officer license
Eligible for a US Government security clearance
Ability to effectively execute duties in extreme outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
Pay range: 
Supervisor: 105,000.00 - 125,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.