SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PROPULSION ENGINEER (RAPTOR AVIONICS)
The Raptor Avionics team is responsible for the design, manufacturing and test of all avionics installed on Raptor engines. This propulsion engineer role will be on a highly interdisciplinary team of engineers working to develop controls and sensing solutions that enable the reliable simultaneous operation of all the engines on starship.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Development, test, and qualification of avionics hardware and sensors used on Raptor
Collect and document requirements to communicate to stakeholders through data sheets, instruction manuals and other product documentation
Coordinate, execute and document acceptance, qualification and development testing of avionics hardware
Interface with vendors and internal production teams to support new product introduction  sustaining engineering
Work across teams (systems, integration, dynamics, guidance, etc.) to ensure appropriate hardware  software is developed to meet vehicle requirements
Participate in and prepare design reviews
Investigate failures, document findings and drive corrective actions

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, or physics
1 years of experience working with physical sensors, PCBAs andor test development (project and internship experience qualifies)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in electrical engineering, mechanical engineering or other technical field 
Experience with sensor calibration andor test rack development
Experience testing sensors and qualifying them for a given service environment 
Data analysis experience in Python, MATLAB or Minitab
Advanced knowledge of various physical sensors and how they operate, designed, and manufactured
Excellent communication and teamwork skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Extended hours and weekend work may be required to support critical project and mission milestones
Must be willing to travel  30
Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:                   
Pay range: Propulsion Engineer, Level I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year  Propulsion Engineer, Level II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year           
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.