


SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PROCESS DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER (STARLINK)
One of the most ambitious missions that SpaceX has undertaken to date, the Starlink network is our solution to providing reliable internet to the entire world. We are looking for a talented engineer to help design processes and systems for a factory that will output millions of user terminals (a SpaceX-designed and manufactured product that consumers will have in their homes to access our network).
The success of Starlink depends on the quality, reliability, cost, manufacturability, throughput, and security of the products that we deliver. If you seek a fast-paced, dynamic environment; if you thrive on solving difficult problems where resolutions have a high impact; and if you love the challenge of building something from scratch, then this role will be an ideal next career step.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop user terminal production factory design including building requirements, facility resources, and part flow to meet production rate of millions of unitsyear
Implement data acquisition and tracking for production and quality metrics, as well as environmental, testing, and safety controls
Define new business processes and systems for high volume production, including manufacturing execution, inventory management, nonconformance resolution, configuration management, material traceability, process control, and maintenance
Ownership of floor layouts, capacity studies, and product flow analysis to ensure on-time product delivery
Act as subject matter expert in multiple Starlink production processes and systems, enabling complex data gathering, troubleshooting, and problem solving
Coordinate and schedule work with internal SpaceX teams and external generalsub-contractors
Assist productionengineering leadership team to identify trends and opportunities for optimizing product output, quality enhancements, and cost of manufacturability
Consistently contribute effort, leadership, and creative thinking to solving complex problems in a collaborative fashion and under tight deadlines
Collaborate across disciplines including Engineering, Production, Test, Inventory, Quality, Supply Chain, and Customer Experience to ensure efficiency and consistency across the organization

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical, software, industrial, or in an engineering discipline
1 years of experience in manufacturing or industrial project management (collegiate extracurricular engineering projects such as lab projects, Formula SAE, Baja SAE, Design Build Fly team, competitions, or internships qualify)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

High volume production experience (consumer goods, automotive, etc.)
Project management experience, particularly related to creating or overhauling cross-functional business processes in a high-volume manufacturing environment
Knowledge of database structures and SQL
Experience with web-based Python applications (FlaskDjango, etc.)
Understanding of lean engineering and Six Sigma concepts and their application
Experience with production automation and tooling
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Experience analyzing large datasets and communicating conclusions
Experience supporting production of complex electro-mechanical systems in high volume work centers andor during production ramp-up
Ability to identify customer needs, gather requirements, and execute independently
Creative approach to problem solving and exceptional analytical skills
Ability to work effectively in a dynamic environment that includes working with changing needs and requirements

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work extended hours andor weekends when needed to meet major milestones 
Must be willing to travel up to 10 to other SpaceX facilities
This position is based in Hawthorne, CA and requires being onsite - remote work not considered

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay Range:    
Production Development EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    
Production Development EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.


