SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
CAPTURE MANAGER, STARLINK AND STARSHIELD
SpaceX Government Sales is seeking a Capture Manager responsible for identifying and evaluating Government contract opportunities and leading capture strategy through proposal submission and contract award alongside a team of Sales Leads.
The Capture Manager is responsible for leading the day-to-day strategic and tactical development of government opportunities and their associated proposals from beginning to end, highlighting SpaceXs unique capabilities and maximizing our competitiveness. This will include internal coordination with sales leads, engineering, and the program management organization. The Capture Manager will work with the sales lead in setting overall strategy, pricing, and teaming to which the engineering team provides technical input and analysis. Our program management organization will ensure the program is executable. The Capture Manager will not only own the process and enforce action item completion and schedule, but also contribute sections of the proposal with input from others, and structure all input to maximize win. The ideal candidate not only has a technical background to ensure compliance with technical solicitations, but is a passionate story teller and ensures facts are laid out in a compelling manner. Attention to detail is critical, as the Capture Manager is the first line of defense in ensuring compliance with technical requirements and identifying any potential weaknesses against the evaluation criteria. The Satellite Capture Manager position is essential to our success, with many of our programs requiring active management of a complex proposal process to be successful.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Identify, track, and evaluate relevant opportunities across a wide range of Government agencies
Work with sales, engineering, SpaceX leadership, and the customer to shape RFPs while in the draft stages through in-depth understanding of the customers needs
Serve as the programmatic lead on proposal efforts, from the release of request for information (RFI) to final proposal revision (FPR)
Identify and obtain all internal and external resources SpaceX requires to successfully complete complex proposal efforts
Coordinate bid strategy with the sales director and SpaceX executives and lead bid decision meetings
Generate and manage proposals master schedule and regularly report modifications to the sales director and the rest of the proposal team
Lead process improvement efforts that incorporate best practices learned from missions and prior proposals back into SpaceXs sales and proposal development efforts
Serve as the day-to-day link between the sales, proposal, and engineering teams

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree
5 years of professional work experience
2 years of experience working on government proposals

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree with business or engineering-focused curriculum
Experience in aerospace, specifically defense, space, andor communication systems
Experience in technical proposal writing
Demonstrated technical project management skills
Body of work demonstrating exceptional writing skills
Demonstrable experience responding to solicitations with highly technical requirements

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to relocate to Hawthorne, CA or Washington D.C. 
Active Top Secret or Top Secret SCI clearance preferred, or ability to obtain one. Note that an active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions; if so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing

 
COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:         
Capture Manager : 125,000.00 - 180,000.00per year  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.