SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
OPERATIONS ENGINEER, STARLINK SATELLITE PRODUCTION
Starlink, our revolutionary satellite constellation, will deliver low-latency broadband internet worldwide. As an Operations Engineer within the Starlink Satellite Production team, you will identify, develop, and implement tactical and strategic processes to enable production to set and achieve targets through increasing rates, improving reliability, and reducing spend. The ideal candidate will have a broad understanding of data analytics and manufacturing operations, with the desire and capability to take on new challenges to help enable our mission to Mars.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Drive improvements to increase production throughput, reduce manufacturing build hours and quality issues, and remove waste from complex processes.
Anticipate and identify challenges within production, determine root causes, and develop appropriate solutions.
Identify, plan, and execute capital equipment, machine, and layout upgrades to meet production demand.
Develop automation for process improvements and mitigating business risks.
Develop, standardize, and continuously improve key process indicators and other production metrics.
Create data visualizations, provide detailed analyses, and drive actions plans.
Manage projects and execute to tight timelines while effectively communicating to and influencing stakeholders.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical, software, industrial, or an engineering discipline.
1 years of experience with SQL, business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau, Power BI, Grafana), andor analysis tools (PythonR, Minitab, Excel, etc.).

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience as an industrial, operations, quality, process, or manufacturing engineer in a manufacturing environment.
Proficiency with statistics, data analysis, costbenefit analysis, and visualization.
Experience with CAD software, Power BI, and discrete event modeling tools.
Experience with inventory, production, and capacity planning (including MRPERP systems).
Proficient in identifying system enhancement opportunities, understanding end user requirements, and the ability to translate requirements needs into design requirements.
Experience with lean, six sigma, and related production principles.
Experience as a contributor to multi-disciplinary and cross-functional teams.
Experience with gathering and using data to drive systemic improvements.
Experience reviewing data and checking for accuracyerrors in a dataset based on process and system knowledge.
Experience working in a highly demanding and fast paced environment.
Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to make presentations to engineering, team members, internal customers and management.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:
Operations EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Operations EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 