SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.INTEGRATION AND TEST SPECIALIST (STARLINK) - 2ND SHIFTSpaceX is developing a low latency, broadband internet system to meet the needs of consumers across the globe. Enabled by a constellation of low Earth orbit satellites, Starlink will provide fast, reliable internet to populations with little or no connectivity, including those in rural communities and places where existing services are too expensive or unreliable. We are looking for a talented integration specialist to lead Starlink satellite production change introduction and process improvements.RESPONSIBILITIES:Execute and manage new configuration introduction into production areaPerform process development and validation on new designs in extremely aggressive timelinesFirst level triage of test failures by reading and interpreting test logs and telemetryAssess non-conforming hardware and drive resolution and preventative actionsDesign and implement assembly fixturesshop aides to improve manufacturing processIdentify and implement changes to design, process, safety, and floor layout to improve yield, performance, and costImplement standard practices, troubleshooting guides, and standard repair proceduresIdentify, develop, and provide training to production technicians on new or updated processesCreate and support equipment maintenance and calibration schedulesBASIC QUALIFICATIONS:High school diploma or equivalency certificate2 years of professional experience in a hands-on manufacturing environment or a bachelors degree in an engineering, math or science disciplinePREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:Associate or Bachelors degree in an engineering, math or science disciplineExperience as a Lead Technician working on assembly andor test of sub-assembliesAbility to read, understand and follow detailed schematics, drawings, and instructionsExperience with Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Power Point, Outlook)Able to adapt to constant changing work assignments and fast paced work environmentExcellent communication (written and verbal) and teamwork skillsExcellent concentration and attention to detail with outstanding work efficiency and accuracyADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:Must be able to work all shift, overtime andor weekends as needed. Estimated shift time, 2nd shift: 4 PM - 2:30 AMStanding for long periods of time, climbing up and down ladders, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, and stretching may be required to perform the functions of this positionMust be able to lift up to 25lbs. unassistedCOMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:Pay range:Integration Specialist Level 1: 32.00 - 40.00hourIntegration Specialist Level 2: 36.00 - 45.00hourIntegration Specialist Level 3: 40.00 - 50.00hourYour actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies.ITAR REQUIREMENTS:To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.