SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PROPULSION ENGINEER (STARSHIP)
The Propulsion Systems Engineer role is responsible for developing the fluid systems to enable high performance and highly manufacturable interplanetary vehicles. This role will be responsible for designing, analyzing, and building a wide range of fluid systems across the Starship and Super Heavy vehicles.
The role includes sizing vehicle fluid systems, engaging in detailed mechanical design, performing structural analysis, and driving the manufacturing and build flow of parts and systems. Systems will include high pressure gas storage and control, cryogenic fluid management, attitude control systems, and thermal control systems. The Propulsion Systems Engineer will also develop the concept of operations for their systems, from acceptance testing to in-flight operations.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Perform fluids system sizing analysis to determine basic system requirements
Transform system requirements into hardware concepts and trade implementation and architecture options
Design a range of pressurized and unpressurized structures and parts to enable system capability, creating original CAD models and prints
Perform structural analysis of parts and components to ensure survivability
Execute design for manufacturability changes to enhance production efficiency
Drive the first builds of flight hardware and work with a manufacturing team to establish a production line
Coordinate and execute development, qualification, and acceptance testing of flight hardware
Participate in design reviews internally and with suppliers and customers
Partner with engineering and production teams to generate ideas, designs, and improvements for current and next-generation vehicles 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors or advanced degree in aerospace engineering, manufacturing engineering, materials engineering, mechanical engineering or engineering physics
1 years of mechanical or fluids design, analysis, or build experience (student project team and internship experience qualifies)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years of professional experience in the field of aerospacemechanical engineering
2 years of experience with GDT concepts
Experience with fluid dynamics, finite element, or related computer-based modeling
Experience with pressurized components (valves, regulators, tubes, pipes, etc.)
Experience leading operation-critical part mechanical design, including structures and fluids calculations and design considerations
Experience with finite element analysis (FEA) software packages
Experience with Siemens NX or other similar CAD package
Strong interpersonal and organizational skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Flight hardware typically is built in tight quarters and physical dexterity is required
Ability to perform job duties that require standing, kneeling, crouching, twisting upper body, working in cramped positions in small openings and climbing hand over hand
Typically exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain
Work performed in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise
Schedule varies depending on site operational needs; flexibility required
Flexibility to travel to remote build sites

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Propulsion EngineerLevel 1: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearPropulsion EngineerLevel 2: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 
 