SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TOOL  DIE SPECIALIST - LEVEL 45 (2ND SHIFT)
SpaceX is seeking a motivated Tool and Die Specialist to assist in the commissioning, planned maintenance, and repairs of its internal injection molding, die-casting, and stamping tools. This individual will be working with cross-functional teams and bridging gaps between production, and maintenance operations. Excellent tool and die skills are crucial for the team to achieve success. The ideal candidate has a proven track record of success in similar environments within the industry.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Help lead the maintenance, repair, and modification of molds for plastic injection, die casting, and stamping of various sizes
Responsible for the correct disassembly and assembly of molds in a safe, efficient, and timely manner
Repair andor fabricate cores, cavities, and various other components
Hand work repairs to part details, parting lines, lifters, slides, polished cavities, texture, venting, and spotting
Support production and maintenance with troubleshooting
Create and maintain mold spare parts lists
Identify and implement proactive systems to achieve consistent reduction in manufacturing defects and productivity concerns
Support design engineering to evaluate feasibility and implementation of tooling changes to accommodate part change
Assist process engineering with part processing and troubleshooting for ongoing scrap reduction, cycle time reduction and downtime reduction

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
7 years hands-on technician experience with tool and die maintenance andor repair
1 years of welding experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

10 years of hands-on technician experience with tool and die maintenance andor repair
1 years of TIG welding experience on tool steels
1 years of machining experience for minor mold component repairreplacement
Demonstrated experience in production mold maintenance producing high volume parts
Basic electrical, pneumatic, and hydraulic troubleshooting and repair (i.e., hot runner system, slide or core action limit switches, sequential valve gate cylinders)
Experience with interpretation of dimensional inspection results (check fixtures, CMM or vision systems)
Professional experience with laser welding, preferably expertise working with steel
Professional experience with tool(s) polishing
Professional experience with texturinggraining tools
3 years of professional experience with CNC machining of tooldie components
Professional experience within manufacturing on new product launch process
Strong analytic problem-solving skills
Strong organizational skills with meticulous attention to detail
Work efficiently and productively in independent and team settings
Communicate clearly using excellent written and verbal skills
Familiarityexperience with MS office programs (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

This role requires working from 3 PM - 1:30 AM
Standing for long periods of time, climbing up and down ladders, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, and stretching are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Must be willing to work overtime and or weekends as needed

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:
Pay range: 42-60hour depending on level. See below for details. 
Tool  Die SpecialistLevel 4: 42.00 - 52.00hour
Tool  Die SpecialistLevel 5: 46.00 - 60.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.