SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
HARDWARE RELIABILITY ENGINEER (STARLINK AVIONICS) 
Starlink believes in providing fast, reliable internet to serve populations with little or no connectivity. We design, build, launch, and operate the worlds largest constellation of satellites, enabling us to operate a global internet network unbounded by traditional ground infrastructure limitations. Starlink also designs, builds, and delivers high-volume consumer hardware that allows users to be connected to these satellites within minutes of unboxing. The root of SpaceXs success so far lies in our mission to keep all engineering and production in-house, which enables a tight feedback loop, nimble decision making, and speedy deliverables. With half a million users in 30 countries already online, Starlink is truly a game changer and levels the playing field for those that were previously unconnected.
As a Build Reliability Engineer on the Starlink team, you will be responsible for solving systemic production issues, running root cause of failures from end to end, and working to drive process and design changes to continually improve production and on-orbit product quality and reliability. Engineers in this role are expected to be hands-on with the hardware and become intimately familiar with the design, manufacturing processes, and test procedures for the sub-assemblies they support.
You do not need to meet 100 of the preferred qualifications to be considered. We encourage anyone who meets the basic qualifications and is interested in the role to apply  we are looking for enthusiastic, dedicated people to join our team, and want the opportunity to talk to you!
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Perform hands-on failure analysis to drive root-cause and corrective action of production, test, and on-orbit failures to ultimately improve product reliability, quality, and factory throughput 

This includes hands off troubleshooting complex RF systems, various avionics and power circuits


Develop, validate, and implement production processes for existing and next-gen hardware with objective of maintaining consistent quality and high throughput
Create data analysis programs to identify production yield, failure rates, and implement statistical process controls
Conduct regular build quality reviews to ensure that design intent is achieved and well-communicated; identify opportunities for risk reduction, and removal of complexity in designs and processes to improve manufacturability
Collaborate with production to reliably reduce in-process inspections  maintain inspection plans
Determine the appropriate Quality Management System requirements around traceability, non-conformance, and configuration management for the program
Define ongoing reliability testing strategy to monitor the manufacturing process health, and screen for long-term reliability defects caused by process and component variability

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree electrical engineering or other engineering discipline
2 years in a design or manufacturing engineering role (student project team or internship experience qualifies)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, aerospace engineering, or materials engineering
Strong interpersonal and collaborative skills, enthusiasm for the teams spirit of innovation and mission of improving reliability in cutting-edge technology
Demonstrated capability to think creatively and solve complex problems
Prior ownership of a complex mechanicalstructural component or assembly from initial design through high-volume production ramp
Experience in mechatronics or other cross disciplinary combination of mechanical, electrical, and software skill sets
Proficiency with programming and automationscripting languages (Python, C, C, SQL)
Knowledge of quality tools such as design of experiments, statistical process control, root cause analysis and corrective action, process failure mode and effects analysis (PFMEA), and various problem solving approaches
Experience in a fast-paced, iterative design environment within the consumer electronics, mobile handset, medical devices, marine, aerospace, or automotive industries

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work extended hours, weekends, and offsite as needed

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:             
Pay range:       
Build Reliability Engineer  Level I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year     
Build Reliability Engineer  Level II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year     
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.