SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TOOLING MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN - LEVEL 45 - SPLIT SHIFT
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Perform preventative and corrective maintenance on all custom SpaceX tooling
Inspect and create detailed analysis and assessment of precision tools and machines per engineering requirements
Maintain and repair advanced structures, such as our custom friction stir welding machines, metallic layup tools, and high capacity test stands.
Plan work to be performed and determine methods and sequence of operations working from tool design drawings or our own designs
Lay-out, fabricate, and assemble a variety of standard and nonstandard major jigs, fixtures, tool masters, master tooling gauges and related tooling involving compound angles and complex contours where the establishment and coordination to exacting tolerances of numerous dimensional features and reference points between several planes
Develop and design holding devices and jig and fixture details
Suggest changes in design involving practicability, economy and process of manufacture to proper personnel
Make determinations regarding fabrication and design of detail parts such as fittings, stops, locating pins and mechanical operation of jigs and submits them for approval to proper personnel
Set up and operate optical instruments to check overall and detailed alignment, fit, or adjustment of assemblies
Set up on surface table jigs and fixtures involving complex contours, compound angles and requiring the coordination of drill holes and location of critical points with reference to stations, butt andor water lines
Use complex tool design drawings and complex engineering blueprints
Utilize model-based metrology and design software as applicable per design requirements
Operate various types of machine shop equipment (manual) to complete assignment as required
Identify key areas of improvement in our system and communicate these effectively to management

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
7 years of experience in precision mechanical construction
2 years of experience with model-based metrology (laser trackerarticulated armcoordinate measuring machinery.)  

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Associates or technical degree
An industry recognized expert in precision construction
Demonstrated success at accomplishing challenging projects
Proficient computer skills in Microsoft Office Suite
8 years of experience with model-based metrology
Ability to understand reference systems  how to create them
Highly experienced in the interpretation of complex blueprints including: ability to identify and understand specifications, thorough understanding of GDT (Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing), and ability to comprehend sections and views
Experience with laser trackerarticulated armcoordinate measuring machine, all bench inspection equipment
Experience and proficiency in Siemens NX, model-based, design software
Experience and proficiency in Verisurf, model-based, metrology software

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work all required shift hours
Willing to travel up to 10
Ability to lift up to 25lbs.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Tooling Maintenance TechnicianLevel 4: 38.00 - 48.00hour    Tooling Maintenance TechnicianLevel 5: 43.00 - 57.00hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.