SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH  SAFETY TECHNICIAN
Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) Technicians will be responsible for regulatory requirements relating to OSHA, FDEP, RCRA, EPA, and DOT requirements. Works with engineers and technicians daily to ensure our manufacturing facility can support manufacturing goals while meeting all environmental, health, and safety objectives.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Health and Safety

Perform boots on the ground safety oversight by identifying and correcting work place hazards and unsafe conditions
Monitor employee exposure to job and chemical hazards as regulated by OSHA permissible exposure limits
Assist in the implementation and compliance of site-specific safety policies
Assist in the creation of job hazard analysis and personal protective equipment (PPE) assessments
Perform department specific safety surveys using inspection forms to ensure employees are utilizing safe work practices such as utilizing proper PPE, minimizing trip hazards, wearing fall protection etc.
Ensure notification and corrective actions are put in place when any unsafe condition is presented or found throughout the site
Assist the EHS engineers in accidentmishap investigations when necessary

Environmental

Perform tasks related to resource conservation and recovery act (RCRA) regulatory hazardous waste handling, storage and disposal requirements

Monitor and manage levels of hazardous waste at each departments satellite accumulation area
Ensure all waste is properly labeled
Ensure all waste is properly stored, according to its classification.
Accurately record and maintain 90-day hazardous waste drum logs, hazardous waste sign in sheets, VOC solvent usage logs
Accurately perform all required hazardous waste and hazardous material storage area inspections
Assist in waste shipments with the waste disposal contractor.


Perform weekly storm water inspections per the SWPPP
Perform tasks related to spill responseprevention
Implement the spill prevention countermeasures and control plan (SPCC) throughout the facility.
Perform environmental compliance and due diligence audits

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of experience implementing and overseeing aspects related to an environmental, health and safety program

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience in managing hazardous waste storage and satellite accumulation areas
Experience in performing boots on the ground safety oversight
Experience implementingdeveloping health and safety plans and policies
Experience with emergency response crews in incidents involving hazardous and non-hazardous material releases to air, soil and water
Demonstrated strong propensity for hands-on work and attention to detail in either academic or career pursuits
Ability to multi-task, to manage shifting priorities and to follow through on projects with minimal supervision
Previous experience in a constructionindustrial environment
Strong organizational and communication skills are essential
Ability to work in high-volume, fast paced environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to lift up to 50 lbs
Must be willing to work overtime and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range: Level 1: 23.00 - 31.00hour Level 2: 28.00 - 37.00hour Level 3: 33.00 - 43.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 