SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TEST OPERATIONS SUPERVISOR (STARLINK SPACE LASERS)
The Space Laser test team designs, builds, and operates the systems used to validate optical and mechanical assemblies for the Starlink Space Lasers system. As a Space Lasers Test Supervisor, you will lead a team of specialists to enable success of the Starlink Space Lasers production test and RD systems. These systems are responsible for building the largest operating space based laser mesh!
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Lead a team responsible for space laser test operations (build, commissioning, and maintenance)
Coordinate and schedule support requests for specialists
Interface with area leadership and prioritize work based on production schedule and organizational goals.
Develop and maintain a safe, clean, and efficient optical RD lab space
Grow and develop team members professionally and in their understanding of optomechanical systems
Act as technical decision maker and advisor to the team, making impactful strategic decisions that affect overall business outcome.
Set goals and objectives for team members for the achievement of operational results.
Work closely with development and design engineers, internal machine shops and external vendors to build high quality test systems

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Associates degree and 5 years of experience in a manufacturing and test environment, or 10 years in a manufacturing and test environment
2 years of professional experience directly leading a team

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree
Experience working in a laboratory or industrial setting requiring hands-on work, attention to detail, and high regard for safety
Knowledge of common manufacturing processes and hands-on experience machining parts using standard equipment such as mills, lathes, CNC machines
Experience with Siemens NX and Teamcenter CADPDM systems
Experience applying GDT
Basic understanding of industrial electrical, control, and instrumentation systems
Experience working effectively across multi-disciplinary teams
Desire to work in a fast-paced environment
Basic proficiency with Python or other programming language

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Available to work extended hours and weekends as needed. This role will be covering 1st shift (typical start time is 7 am)
Must be able to stand for long periods of time
Must be able to lift up to 25 pounds unassisted
Repetitive assembly operations, grasping, standing, lifting, bending, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range: 
Supervisor, Test Operations: 105,000.00 - 135,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.