SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. MISSION INTEGRATION ENGINEER 
SpaceX services a diverse range of customers across our programs and is looking for exemplary individuals capable of supporting our missions. As our Mission Management team expands, there are new opportunities in work for our Commercial and Rideshare, Dragon, Civil Space, National Security Space Launch (NSSL), and Human Spaceflight teams.
Our close-knit team serves as the main technical interface between SpaceX and our customers to help develop and certify the vehicles, systems, and operations needed to lead a successful launch, all while nurturing robust customer relationships. Members of the team develop many capabilities and excel across a breadth of functions including mechanical and electrical interfaces, requirement definition and verification, mission management, project and contract management, proposal and sales development, and regulatory coordination.
Mission Integration Engineers have the opportunity to work with groups and technology from all areas of SpaceX, providing a critical integration role across the company and with our customers. SpaceX is opening the new space age, and we need a meticulous and persuasive self-starter to jump in and help pave the way!
 RESPONSIBILITIES:

Collaborate with and help integrate SpaceX and customer teams to consider all necessary design and implementation trades to ensure end-to-end mission success
Collaborate with engineering, production, and operations to drive readiness of vehicles, spacecraft, cargo, and crew while recognizing how changes impact requirements, vehicle risk, and launch dates
Understand, develop, and summarize technical content on complex designs, trade studies, risks, and issues for internal, customer, and executive audiences
Coordinate and chair customer forums, boards, and reviews to ensure that deliverables are delivered on time and per the customers expectation
Guide technical development and maintenance of the Dragon and F9 product lines to meet the end objectives of current and future customer contracts and missions
Lead payload integration for customer payloads while working with internal and external stakeholders to develop hardware, software, and processes required to fly unique customer cargo and powered payloads
Relentlessly and creatively drive process improvements that help SpaceX and the Mission Management team serve our customers well (meet contract obligations, fly safely and reliably, and more)
Take ownership over a process with great attention to detail and follow-through to improve it
Work with internal and external stakeholders to develop and certify vehicles and systems for missions in order to ensure compliance and verification of all customer requirements

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in engineering, physics, or science
7 years of industry experience
5 years of technical project management experience
5 years of systems engineeringrequirements verification experience
5 years of experience working hands-on with hardware or software technical projects

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Excellent written and verbal communication skills with direct experience negotiating technical deliverables or scope
Diplomacy, strong interpersonal skills, and experience working with cross-functional teams and external customers
Highly detail-oriented, diligent, and hardworking
Passion for advancing the commercial space industry
Ability to work in a fast-paced, autonomously driven, and demanding start-up atmosphere
Experience working with government, NASA, or commercial space programs
Experience working with launch vehicles, spacecraft, or astronauts
Coding or other automation experience (SQL, Excel, Python, etc.)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work extended hours and weekends as needed to support critical efforts and operations
Must be willing to travel to other launch sites, test sites, vendors, other SpaceX offices, and customer locations as necessary

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    
Sr. Mission Integration Engineer: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.