SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
QUALITY INSPECTOR (COMPOSITES) 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Provide detailed in-process inspections on launch vehicle composite components, using detailed drawings, CAD models, and established processes to verify conformance to manufacturing and design requirements
Ensure company policies and procedures are complied with for the receiving and storage of composite raw materials
Document production non-conformances in accordance with prescribed procedures and processes as required
Support quality management system (QMS) policies and procedure documentation, assess compliance to company and industry standards, initiate and lead continual improvement and Lean Manufacturing initiatives
Support the Material Review Board (MRB) process by documenting and managing non-conformances

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of inspection experience in an aerospace, military or manufacturing environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS:

Associates degree in a technical or engineering field
5 years of experience in a quality, inspection, or manufacturing role
AP license
Strong understanding of composite layup laser alignment and composite ply cutting systems
Ability to read and interpret cure reports vendor supplied conformance certifications
Practical experience with GDT and skillful use of metrology tools and gauges
Experience with integration
Experience working with, manufacturing enterprise resource systems, electronic databases, and paperless work instructions
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite
Strong communication skills; able to effectively communicate with engineering and production groups
Self-motivated, proactive, and capable of managing priorities and tasks as delegated
Strong understanding of safety programs and OSHA regulations and requirements

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Able to work all shifts, overtime and weekend hours, as needed. Nominal hours - 1st shift (5:00am - 3:30am), 2nd shift (3:30pm - 2:00am)
Able to lift up to 25lbs. unassisted
Able to stand for extended periods - 8 hours minimum
Able to stoop, bend, crawl, and able to maneuver in tight spaces

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Quality InspectorLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour    Quality InspectorLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour    Quality InspectorLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.