SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TOOLMAKER - LEVEL 45
Work as part of a team of elite individuals building and improving the mechanical systems at our rocket launch facilities. Be there on the ground floor, getting your hands dirty and contributing directly to the success of future launches.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Interpret blueprints at all assembly levels and apply welding blueprint knowledge to the fabrication process
Apply creative solutions through the use of our growing fleet of field machining equipment
Ensure operations can be performed safely while meeting SpaceX quality standards
Translate metrology data from inspection reports to final machined surfaces
Perform spur of the moment design and machining to solve unpredictable field problems
Maintain an orderly environment that retains maximum utility for all team members
Creatively fabricate support equipment ranging from shelves to temporary machine structures to maintenance weld repairbuildup
Apply an in-depth knowledge of rigging large, heavy, and imbalanced components using overhead cranes, gantries, mobile cranes, and other lifting devices
Maintain all components in optimal condition during the assembly and disassembly process

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

5 years of professional experience with metrology (e.g. performing inspections, using CMMs, portable arms, optics, or laser trackers) or machining (e.g. completing simple components from blueprints, creating blueprints, operating knee mills and gear lathes, using inspection tools)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Associate degree in metrology or machining
Completion of an accredited apprenticeship program
Experience with weld fabrication and able to pass a welding skills test for cutting, fitting, stick, TiG, and MiG on semi exotic materials
Experience with Millwright operations
Understanding of the manufacturing process of large structures from concept to completion
Ability to visualize 3D space and integrate complex geometries on to both large and small fabrications
Ability to manually inspect components using conventional inspection tools such as micrometers, calipers, indicators, and height gauges
Ability to apply GDT with discretion relative to the assemblys function
Ability to pass a machining skill test
Ability to use and learn a variety of software to observe, analyze, evaluate, and communicate pertinent information
Demonstrated leadership and dependability
Ability to adapt to an extremely dynamic work environment while maintaining a positive attitude
Ability to find solutions to problems through diverse thinking while utilizing a varied experience
Ability to maintain the highest level of safety on the jobsite and bring new ideas of how to continue to work safely and effectively in new locations and changing environments

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Available to work all required shift hours and be available to work overtime and weekends, as needed
Ability to lift 20-30 lbs, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying may be required to perform the functions of this position
Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range: 
ToolmakerLevel 4: 36.00hour
ToolmakerLevel 5: 41.00 - 55.00hour  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.