SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SOFTWARE INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEER (STARLINK)
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe.
As an engineer focused on Starlinks software and network infrastructure, you will design, operate and scale the infrastructure we use to run the worlds largest satellite constellation and manage a network that handles millions of daily users worldwide. These positions cover a variety of areas ranging from Developer Operations, to Site Reliability and managing our Kubernetes environment. You will develop automation to deploy and manage compute resources both on-premises and in the cloud, create highly scalable and maintainable software products, and directly collaborate with engineering across the board.
RESPONSIBILITES:

Develop automation to deploy and manage compute resources both on-premises and in the cloud
Deploy and manage core infrastructure such as databases, monitoring and storage
Closely collaborate with software engineers to create highly scalable, operable and maintainable products
Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services -- from inception and design, through deployment, operation and refinement
Invent tools and processes that enable fast, accurate, and easy-to-use development and deployment systems
Provide fast and comprehensive software validation, including virtualized, hardware-in-the-loop, and on-orbit test platforms 
Monitoring and data analysis in support of a continuous integration and release system
Hands-on integration and troubleshooting across the entire Starlink stack 
Create and manage core infrastructure such as databases and software libraries
Identify areas for improvement and create innovative solutions that enable high developer velocity

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, information systemsIT, or an engineering discipline; OR 2 years of professional experience in software, DevOps, or site reliability engineering in lieu of a degree
1 years of experience with Linux operating systems
Experience with containerization technologies (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes)
Development experience in Python, C or C
Experience in Bash, Python, andor other scripting languages

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

1 year of systems administration, site reliability engineering, or DevOps experience
1 year of experience with Python and Python-based development frameworks
Strong understanding of Kubernetes, Docker, or similar technologies
Strong understanding of virtualization and hypervisor technologies
Knowledge of Linux boot process and systems configuration
Understanding of databases and data modeling
Experience with automatically managing dozens or hundreds of servers (eg: Terraform or Ansible)
Knowledge of networking configurations and underlying protocols
Focus on performance bottlenecks and performance improvement techniques
Excellent communications skills with the ability to communicate with customers, peers, management etc. in both formal and informal situations
Ability to quickly learn new tools and frameworks

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Software EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    Software EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k)-retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 