SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SUPERVISOR, STARLINK CUSTOMER SUPPORT - MULTIPLE SHIFTS
Starlink, our revolutionary satellite constellation, will deliver low-latency broadband internet worldwide. As a member of the Starlink customer support team, you will lead the team that interfaces directly with Starlink customers, ensuring they have an exceptional overall experience.
Your primary responsibility will be to lead a shift of support associates responsible in rapidly resolving customer issues. You will have responsibility for hiring, personnel development, and developing a culture of operational rigor where our customers come first.  You will partner with other internal teams to surface and resolve root cause of issues impacting our customers, and will be a critical voice in the development of program strategy. Were looking for excellent problem solvers that succeed wearing many hats (supervisor, trainer, rep, analyst, designer), move quickly and proactively, are strong communicators, and fiercely advocate within the Starlink organization on behalf of our customers. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Lead an hourly workforce of support associates by assessing employee performance, managing quality of customer interactions, providing positiveconstructive feedback, facilitating conflict resolution, and addressing repeat issues with corrective actions, performance improvement plans or through disciplinary means
Lead by setting an example, taking feedback from all levels of the organization, and motivating your organization to achieve the highest level of results
Monitor and improve operations, ensuring a safe work environment
Ensure business practices are being followed to not only guarantee the processing of customer interactions in a quality manner, but also meet those needs outlined in ISO 9001 and regional-specific requirements
Utilize quantitative and qualitative methods to understand root cause of new and trending issues
Develop triage methods and troubleshooting playbooks that improve resolution speed and first touch resolution
Lead cost saving opportunities, identifying internalexternal cost reductions and optimization opportunities
Collaborate with internal teams (engineering, reliability, production, finance, design, communications, sales, etc.) to design simple and effective support interventions that improve our customers experience
Partner and create training programs, along with coaching tools, that enable our support associates to be knowledgeable, nimble, technically capable, and excellent communicators
Create, review, and maintain internal knowledge base and customer-facing help center
Collaborate with internal tooling development teams to identify capabilities that increase support associate performance and productivity
Develop reporting and analytics that measure end-customer and internal team successes
Actively monitor and grow the workforce, ensuring team members are challenged and performing at the expected standards
Monitor and approve employee time keeping records

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree and 1 year experience in customer operations, productionmanufacturing, supply chain, engineering, or consulting environment; or 5 years experience in customer operations, productionmanufacturing, supply chain, engineering or consulting environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience managing a team as either a front-line supervisor or shift lead
Bachelors degree in supply chain, business, science, engineering, or similar technical discipline
Completion of a leadership or rotational development program
Experience in a training, learning and development, analytics, service design, vendor management, or content management role
Excellent written and verbal communication skills - talking with others comes naturally, you derive satisfaction from resolving their issues, and you can distill complex concepts into the simplest explanations by internalizing customer concerns, solving them, and keeping it positive
Strong attention to detail, project management, and organizational skills - you take pride in your craft
Technical aptitude - experience with networking, hardware troubleshooting, software development, etc.
Experience working with software and staffing vendors
Lean6-Sigma experience (GreenBlack Belt certifications)
Experience with reporting tools (Advanced Excel, SQL, dashboardingreportingvisualization platforms)
Writtenverbal business fluency in Spanish, French, German, Greek, Portuguese, Polish, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Czech, Indonesian, Arabic, Turkish, or Malay

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to work extended hours and non-scheduled days when needed to meet critical deadlines.
Must be available to work 12 hours a day on any of the following shifts: 

1st Shift: Alternating Weekend Schedule (6AM - 6PM)

Thursday - Sunday
Friday - Sunday


3rd Shift: Alternating Weekend Schedule (6PM - 6AM)

Thursday - Sunday
Friday - Sunday





COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:
Starlink Customer Support Supervisor: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.