SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MANAGER, CUSTOMER SUPPORT (STARLINK)
This role is a key leadership position within the Starlink Customer Operations organization, with responsibility for weekday or weekend operations at the Redmond, WA facility. This role will be responsible for leading both the day-to-day customer operations onsite, while also driving the necessary strategic projects and process improvements to take the organization to the next level and respond to the evolving needs of the business.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Lead the weekday or weekend Starlink Customer Support team for the Redmond site. Responsible for 24-hour operations and team management for all weekday or weekend shifts.
Safety  Monitor and improve operations, ensuring a safe work environment.
Strategy  Understand the needs of the business and develop strategy, business metrics, and goals to guide the organization in the direction required.
Leadership  Lead a multi-level organization, consisting of both hourly and salary individuals: assess employee performance, provide positiveconstructive feedback, facilitate conflict resolution, and address repeat issues with corrective actions, performance improvement plans, or through disciplinary means. Foster an environment where change is embraced and ideas are respected, supported, vetted, and ultimately implemented (if deemed appropriate). Lead by setting an example, taking feedback from all levels of the organization, and motivating your organization to achieve the highest level of results.
Role Model  Lead by setting an example, taking feedback from all levels of the organization, and motivating your organization to achieve the highest level of results.
Process Improvement  Drive the projects and changes needed to ensure the Customer Support organization is able to meet and enable the goals of the Starlink business.
Cost  Lead cost saving opportunities, identifying internalexternal cost reductions and optimization opportunities.
Customer Support  Manage operations that provide industry leading levels of customer support in all operations: recognizing the needs of the business and adapting to support our mission.
Adaptability  As SpaceX continues to innovate and pave the way for future development, this manager needs to be able to adapt their business to the ever-changing needs of the organization.
Mentorship  Actively monitor and grow the workforce, ensuring team members are challenged and performing at the expected standards; work to develop ways and methods to motivate team members to go above and beyond the status quo.
Perform administrative duties, including but not limited to, approving timecards, scheduling workforce, establishing employee goals, periodic reviews, one-on-one mentoring, and training of direct reports
Ensure business practices are being followed to not only guarantee the processing of customer interactions in a quality manner, but also meet those needs outlined in ISO 9001 and regional-specific requirements
Collaborate with internal leaders and teams (engineering, reliability, production, finance, design, communications, sales, etc.) to design simple and effective support interventions that improve our customers experience.
Drive root cause analysis activities for our products and services; Be the voice of the customer, in the language of the business.
Collaborate with internal tooling development teams to identify capabilities that increase support associate performance and productivity.
Develop reporting and analytics that measure end-customer and internal team successes.
Actively monitor and grow the workforce, ensuring team members are challenged and performing at the expected standards.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree and 5 years of professional experience in customer operations, productionmanufacturing, supply chain, or engineering; or 8 years of professional experience in customer operations, productionmanufacturing, supply chain, or engineering.
3 years of professional experience in a supervisory or managerial role focused on customer operations, productionmanufacturing, supply chain, or engineering.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience leading a team as either a manager (responsible for a multi-tiered organization) or front-line supervisor (with direct reports).
Bachelors degree in supply chain, business, science, engineering, or similar technical discipline.
Completion of a leadership or rotational development program.
Excellent communication and team-building skills.
Experience in a training, learning and development, analytics, service design, vendor management, or content management role.
Ability to work in a fast-paced cross-functional environment.
Must be organized and self-driven, capable of working independently with little direction.
Capable of adapting to abrupt changes in strategy.
Lean6-Sigma experience (GreenBlack Belt certifications).
Demonstrate innovative and futuristic thinking to drive continuous improvement.
Strong attention to detail, project management, and organizational skills. You take pride in your craft.
Technical aptitude - experience with networking, hardware troubleshooting, software development, etc.
Solid financial literacy - you have fluency with an income statement and balance sheet.
Writtenverbal business fluency in Arabic, Czech, Dutch, French, German, Greek, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Slovak, Spanish, Swahili, Swedish, Ukrainian, Turkish.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to work extended hours and non-scheduled days when needed to meet critical deadlines
Must be willing to work in office 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:
Manager, Customer Support: 110,000.00 - 140,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.