SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
GLOBAL SUPPLY MANAGER, CAPITAL EQUIPMENT  CONSTRUCTION (STARSHIP)
We are a progressive procurement organization pushing the boundaries of traditional procurement reputation and methodologies. We are looking for individuals who can think outside the box to achieve company objectives regarding value and partnerships with our suppliers. Our organization moves quickly, and you must too. SpaceX has the unique ability and desire to influence and shape suppliers to be better with us as we challenge our supply chain on cost, quality and delivery. This individual will support capital purchases of electrical, mechanical equipment and its related services.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Work directly with key internal stakeholders to develop and implement a comprehensive contract management process that ensure a successful project execution  implementation cycle.
Present value propositions to SpaceX management, including those related to contract award, cost reviews, cost reduction strategies, and critical supply issues
Create sourcing strategies for assigned categories or areas to reduce risk and meet targets for the purchasing department including, but not limited to, payment terms, cash targets, and cost savings
Develop and maintain key internal stakeholder relationships to create strategic sourcing models that optimize the value of products and services that support business unit requirements to maintain continuous cost reduction programs for controllable expenditures
Communicate, manage, and drive compliance to category strategies
Identify and execute cost reduction projects including planning, coordinating with stakeholders, estimating completion, and project updates
Perform advanced quantitative and business process analyses to identify financial impacts of decisions, cost improvement and performance for assigned categories
Collaborate with stakeholders to define SLAs and KPIs for suppliers and measure the appropriate criteria, such as: delivery of business results, cost reduction, quality and timeliness of delivery
Conduct research, perform benchmarking, and gather market analysis for assigned categories
Create contract documents in collaboration with the legal department
Manage contracts to ensure the performance of the supplier to contract obligations
Create and implement management programs to develop, continuously improve, manage the performance of, and monitor KPIs of the supply base
Lead and execute request for proposals to fulfill requirements for defined categories or internal assigned areas
Place purchase orders and resolve blocked invoices related to assigned categories
Develop and lead efforts to reduce number of transactions
Take ownership of team effort to develop and implement sourcing and cost management strategies that support existing platforms and new product development
Develop clear technology and commodity roadmaps for current commodity, product, vertical as they relate to future SpaceX programs
Manage supply base from concept to end of life to ensure continuity of supply with the right materials driving plan in place and on-time delivery
Manage junior staff members in some aspects of their jobs and provide strategic support whenever needed

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

Advanced degree and 4 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or bachelors degree and 6 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or 10 years of experience working in one or more of the following:

Engineering
Purchasing
Contract negotiation
Material or production planning
Operations or supply chain management
Material cost control
Master production scheduling
Construction, facilities, or industrial plant management



PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

Industrial equipment project management experience and  or relevant experience implementing  sourcing mechanical or electrical equipment
Familiarity or experience in purchasing or similar procurement related experience
Experience in industrial engineering, construction management, andor facilities management
Construction experience in residential or industrial industry
Mechanical, electrical or capital equipment experience
Cryogenic applicationsequipment
Strong budget tracking and cost analytical skills
Extensive project management and organizational skills
Experience managing large-scale industrial and commercial construction projects
Strong technical knowledge and skills in current technologies and applications (e.g. MS Office Suite, SQL, PowerBI, etc.)
Experience managing entire supply base from concept to end with the right materials driving plan in place and on-time delivery
Ability to conduct all activities with the highest degree of integrity
Strong contract negotiation and document management skills
Remarkable problem-solving skills with a bias for speed
Detail-oriented, self-motivated, and able to respond quickly to a fast-moving and ever-changing environment
Quick learner and ability to prioritize appropriately to meet customer and company needs
Excellent customer service skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Must be able to travel - up to 20 work week travel may be required
Must be able to work extended hours andor weekends as needed to meet major milestones
This position is based in Brownsville, TX and requires being onsite - remote work not considered

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range: 
Global Supply Manager: 125,000.00 - 180,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 