SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.FINANCIAL ANALYSTThe Financial Analyst will be instrumental in the development, tracking, forecasting, reporting and accounting for all SpaceX projects. This is a key financial planning and analysis (FPA) role with executive level visibility driving spend and contract profitability for all of our product lines, including Starlink, Starship, Falcon, and Dragon. The successful candidate will interface with all aspects of the company, including production, engineering, sales, program management, accounting, and executive management.RESPONSIBILITIES:Lead forecast of key performance indicators (KPIs), including spend and resource requirements for assigned business groups, such as headcount, capital, and operating expensesForecast future unit costs with cross-functional teams and track progress in achieving cost reduction targetsConduct ad-hoc analyses as needed to support operational decision making, from new idea generation through to the implementation phasePerform a leading role on internal projects, working closely with peer organizations to understand key business issues and translate them into financial models and metricsPrepare and update capital expenditure and inventory cash forecastsSupport product cost tracking and inventory analysis, including scrap, inventory obsolescence, and productivity effortsDevelop and enhance tools to track revenue performance and incurred project costs on a monthly basisProvide insight on revenue, spending variances, and department level reporting to business partnersAnalyze and interpret financial data for use in management reviewsBASIC QUALIFICATIONS:Bachelors degree2 years of experience in an accounting, finance, or business role (internship experience qualifies) PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:Bachelors degree in business, finance, economics, or engineeringAdvanced skills in Microsoft Excel, applied business statistics, and general modeling experience of complex non-linear systemsExperience in a manufacturing or technology environmentFamiliarity with reporting, visualization, intelligence, and analysis tools (SQL, Power BI, Tableau, etc.)Strong presentation skills with the ability to regularly interface with executive managementExperience with presenting analytical results in both verbal and written form across a multi-disciplinary organizationAbility to frame unstructured and complex analytical problems to a broad audienceCOMPENSATION  BENEFITS:Pay range: Financial Analyst Level I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per yearFinancial Analyst Level II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per yearITAR REQUIREMENTS:To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.