SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.STARLINK AVIATION SPECIALISTStarlink is SpaceXs ambitious program to bring high quality internet to the globe by building a constellation of thousands of satellites in low earth orbit (LEO) which we launched on our Falcon 9 reusable rockets over the past years. The Starlink Aviation team is developing mobility solutions for aircraft that will connect to the Starlink constellation and provide an amazing customer experience in flight. As an aviation specialist, you will be responsible for monitoring the performance of Starlink products in a variety of airframes and mobile platforms. You will help solve aviation specific issues, running root cause investigations, and working with design, test and manufacturing teams to improve product quality. You will coordinate and support Starlink aviation installations, help manage the lifecycle of the product and improve our Starlink customer processes.RESPONSIBILITIES:Serve as primary SpaceX engineering focal point for Starlink Aviation interfacing with airlinecustomer network operations point of contactDevelop and document procedures to train internal on-call operators for customer support, remote troubleshooting, and debugging.Own external facing certification and airline contractual deliverables in support of troubleshooting and maintenance of Starlink Aviation systemMonitor fleet health and taking ownership of the overall performance of the installed fleet coordinating with software, network, aircraft technicians to resolve issues that are impacting service level in an expedited manner.Coordinate and support Starlink Aviation installations and provisioning to network.Build, test and maintain representative ground test setups to reproduce field issues and aid in root-causing issuesSupport the development of the electrical architecture and WIFI performance including aircraft surveys, lab-based test setups and associated documentation.BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:High school diploma or equivalency certificate2 years of hands-on experience in product integration on mobile, aerospace, marine or automotive platformsPREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:Bachelors degree or 3 years experience in related fieldStrong computer skills, including experience with Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook) and ability to navigate and manipulate filesExperience working with multi-disciplinary engineering teams for product support and issue resolution.Strong understanding of technical documentation, engineering drawings, and schematicsExperience with networking problems and basic knowledge of Ethernet, Routing, TCPIP protocols and VLAN.Experience with Linux, python or other scripting language. Ability to process fleet data and present trends to engineering, production, and supply chain teams to drive cross-disciplinary improvements to product and process.Strong interpersonal and verbal communication skillsAbility to fabricate and repair cable harnesses including: soldering, crimping, assembling connectorsExperience working with oscilloscopes, digital multimeters, power supplies, and soldering equipmentADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:Must be willing to work long hours and weekends as neededUp to 25 travel or more may be required for this roleStanding for long periods of time, climbing up and down ladders, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, and stretching are generally required to perform the functions of this positionAbility to lift up to 25lbs. unassistedCOMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    Pay Range:Starlink Aviation SpecialistLevel 1: 32.00 - 40.00hour      Starlink Aviation SpecialistLevel 2: 36.00 - 45.00hour      Starlink Aviation SpecialistLevel 3: 40.00 - 50.00hourYour actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies.ITAR REQUIREMENTS:To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.