SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars. 
INTEGRATION  TEST ENGINEER (FALCON) - 2ND SHIFT
As an Integration  Test Engineer at SpaceX, you will have the opportunity to utilize your knowledge, experience, and creativity to develop novel solutions at the cutting edge of space technology. You will work on hardware that will deliver satellites into orbit, ferry humans to and from the international space station and low earth orbit, and ultimately extend humanitys reach beyond Earth and the moon. You will own the relationship between our production and design engineering teams. You will provide input into the design and development of new and existing hardware and take a lead role in developing integration and test processes on our current and next generation vehicles. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:  

Oversee the assembly and testing processes for Falcon and Falcon Heavy launch vehicle assemblies, which may include Stage 1, Stage 2, Merlin engines, and pneumatic, hydraulic, structural, and engine subassemblies
Assist design engineers in guiding new designs from concepts to qualified, production-capable spaceflight systems 
Work with design engineers to evaluate designs for manufacturability and test requirements, then implement improvements in a rapidly evolving production environment 
Develop, qualify, and refine manufacturing, assembly, and test processes to bring products from prototype to high-volume production 
Define and create first-of-their-kind standards and practices within industry, driving SpaceX to the forefront of aerospace hardware manufacturability 
Interface with other engineers, subject matter experts, and technicians to solve large-scale production challenges 
Ideate and implement tooling and test solutions, enabling high quality build of SpaceX hardware 
Quickly resolve non-conformances and work with the Quality team to implement root cause corrective actions 
Identify, plan, and execute capital equipment, machine, and layout upgrades to the meet volume production demand 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

Bachelors degree in an engineering or STEM discipline 
1 year of engineering experience in manufacturing, design, test, or development (internship and project team experience is applicable) 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

Experience with building and testing fluid andor electrical systems 
Experience with test equipment (pumps, valves, heaters, instrumentation, data acquisition, and automation) 
Experience with scientific and data processing programming languages (Python, MATLAB, SQL, etc.)
Experience with fluid and electrical system simulation and automation testing 
Experience data reduction and post-processing tools 
Mechanical component andor tooling design and analysis
Knowledge of metallic manufacturing techniques, processes, and equipment related to machining, welding, drilling, and automation 
Experience working with GDT (Geometric Dimensioning  Tolerancing) and familiarity with complex tolerance stack-ups 
Experience with process development from RD to high-volume manufacturing 
Experience writing work instructions and procedures for critical aerospace parts 
Experience in a production environment within the aerospace industry

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Willing to work extended hours andor weekends as needed 
2nd Shift: Approximate start time (3:00PM)
Able to climb ladders and work in tight spaces 
This is a hands-on position that may require standing for up to 4 hours a day and working directly with hardware on the floor 
Willing to travel up to 5 
Able to pass background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg Space Force bases 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:         
Pay range: 
Integration  Test EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year Integration  Test EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year 
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience. 
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS: 

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.   

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. 
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 