SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SUPERVISOR, MACHINING OPERATIONS
The Machine Shop Supervisor is responsible for all machining processes within the shop. This candidate will be tasked with ensuring all areas of production are meeting corporate goals. Key components of this position will be reporting to machine shop management, troubleshooting production issues, working with machining technicians, manufacturing engineers and quality engineers to identify and execute process improvements and automating repetitive manual tasks. Strong emotional intelligence that can drive change and hold teams accountable is a key for success in this role.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Ensure all work order tickets are completed on time and to specification.
Responsible for mentoring, leading and supervising up to 40 employees.
Supervise the production flow within the machine shop, ensuring safety and the efficiency of entire shop floor.
Work with shop floor, manufacturing engineers, and quality teams to resolve reoccurring nonconformance issues.
Review work instructions with planners to ensure shop floor techs have accurate and complete instructions and recommend changes.
Meet tight and moving production schedules.
Monitor tooling costs, and work with the machining teams to provide overall departmental cost reductions.
Enforce systems and corporate policies.
Monitor labor hours and overtime, approve time cards, and assist in the implementation of time management and improvement plans.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

Bachelors degree or 3 years of professional experience in a manufacturingtesting environment.
1 years of experience leading a team.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

5 years in the role of a CNC machinist. 
Knowledge of Lean principles and Six Sigma.
Experience troubleshooting manufacturing operations, including machining processes.
Experience converting labor intensive machining processes into lights out machining scenarios.
Experience leading machinists and technicians to work with CNC programmers, manufacturing engineers and quality engineers on processes development and continuous improvements efforts.
Experience developing teams within a machining cell to create a ratio of (1) machining tech to operate (3) or (4) machines.
Ability to read and interpret blue prints and engineering drawings.
Well versed in GDT and inspection procedures and processes.
Experience working with production machine shop tracking metrics.
Experience working with leadership teams to develop 1 to 3 year production plans.
Experience in evaluating teams and generating mid-term and annual reviews and presenting to lead persons and technicians.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Must be able to lift 25 lbs. unassisted.
Must be open to working extended hours and weekends, as needed.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:       
Pay range:      
Supervisor, Machining Operations: 105,000.00 - 135,000.00per year      
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.