SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
GLOBAL SUPPLY MANAGER, ELECTRONICS (STARLINK)
As a member of the Starlink Supply Chain team you will support an elite group of engineers to source and activate custom tools critical to the production of the Starlink satellite constellation. Our team moves quickly and you must too. SpaceX has the unique ability and desire to influence and shape suppliers to be better partners as we challenge our supply chain on cost, quality and speed of execution.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Develop and manage supply base (domestic and international) to support all PCBA and harnesses assemblies through NPI and production phases 
Work directly with key suppliers to develop and implement sourcing and cost management strategies that support existing platforms and new product development 
Provide guidance to internal customers on design for manufacturability and trade analysis for electronic piece parts on PCBAs, onboarding requirements, and quality
Act as the supplier interface for all RFIs, RFPs and RFQs. Partner with internal resources to drive adoption of low-cost parts and avoidance of obsolescence
Visit supplier facilities and accurately assess operational capability, financial health, and capacity in order to award contracts in support of new product development and long-term production
Conduct comprehensive supplier analysis, including strategic direction, capacity, market and industry position, and risk assessment
Manage costs to ensure alignment with program budget
Present value propositions to SpaceX executives, including those related to contract award, cost reviews, cost reduction strategies and critical supply issues 
Work with supply chain engineers to develop requirements for both NPI and production phases 
Ensure partners are prepared to support all prototype builds with appropriate equipment, material to ensure a successful product development, ramping up and production
Negotiate long term contracts to ensure continuity of supply and protect SpaceX interests 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Advanced degree and 4 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or bachelors degree and 6 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or 10 years of experience working in one or more of the following:

Engineering
Purchasing
Contract negotiation
Material or production planning
Operations or supply chain management
Material cost control
Master production scheduling



PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience with PCBs, PCBAs or EEE components
Experience directly negotiating contracts
Experience sourcing suppliers
Ability to prioritize appropriately to meet internal customer and company needs
Effective written and verbal communications skills, with strong ability to communicate to all levels of internal personnel
Detail-oriented, self-motivated and able to respond quickly to a fast-moving and ever-changing environment
Ability to conduct all activities with integrity and urgency

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Able to travel for short and extended trips as needed
Willing to work long hours and weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Global Supply Manager: 125,000.00 - 180,000.00per year                    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.