SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MATERIAL HANDLER - TEMPORARY 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Support productionengineering with the movement of parts to support master schedule
Physically move and expedite materials when required in support of productionengineering and meet work order completion dates
Verify all materials are packaged and banded for transport, and assists with loading and unloading of trucks
Interface with receiving, quality control, purchasing and other related departments to resolve problems relative to receipt and distribution of material
Operate material handling equipment including but not limited to: forklifts, pallet jacks, and hand carts

POSITION DETAILS:
This is a temporary position with SpaceX, for the length of time as stated, and is subject to change with minimal notice as business needs dictate.

LENGTH OF POSITION: 3 months
LOCATION: Brownsville, TX

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of expeditingmaterial handling experience
Experience operating a forklift andor material handling motorized vehicles and equipment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience working within a manufacturingproduction environment
Experience with barcode scanning to document material movement
Experience working with aircraft or automotive parts and assemblies
ERP system experience (SAP, Oracle, etc.)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Willingness to work overtime and weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines
Ability to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Material HandlerLevel 1: 18.00hourMaterial HandlerLevel 2: 20.00hourMaterial HandlerLevel 3: 22.50hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for potential discretionary bonuses. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, and various other discounts and perks. You will also be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.