
SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. TOOLING ENGINEER, PLASTIC INJECTION MOLDING (STARLINK)
SpaceX is developing a low-latency, broadband internet system to meet the needs of consumers across the globe. Enabled by a constellation of low Earth orbit satellites, Starlink will provide fast, reliable internet to populations with little or no connectivity, including those in rural communities and places where existing services are too expensive or unreliable.
Working directly in the materials engineering group, this position is responsible for the development, qualification, and implementation of all tooling and manufacturing process technologies required to deliver the right scalable solution at the right cost on time. The correct individual will bring an open mindset, challenge the status quo with regard to traditional vs. emerging technologies, and utilize a logical and disciplined approach to evaluate and select the correct set of solutions. The candidate will drive alignment between design, material, and process selection and will own the seamless integration of these processes into the overall process flow.
The ideal candidate will have a proven track record in consumer electronics product and tooling development with Domestic as well as Asian suppliers, tooling material selection, resin selection, and qualification, two and three-shot molding, high volume manufacturing, secondary processes, DOE experience and the ability to run multiple programs in parallel with excellent communication and collaboration skills.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Lead the development of new plastic injection tooling projects to meet a wide range of product performance and cosmetic requirements
Lead and refine the design for manufacturing process by collaborating with supply management, product design, industrial design, and manufacturing engineering groups on material selection, design feasibility, and aesthetics of new plastic part  tooling designs
Research and identify new materials, manufacturing technologies, and finish options
Inform estimations of prototype and production manufacturing costs - tooling, secondary assembly, secondary finishing, and piece part
Participate in supplier audits and final supplier selection
Write prototypedevelopment tooling request for quotes (RFQs)
Publish and maintain a live master tooling schedule
Review DFM from supplier, including gating strategy, Moldflow, and Mold Warp analysis
Review and approve prototypedevelopment tool designs, and tooling maintenance procedures
Track suppliers weekly build progress while participating in T1 sample trials
Direct tooling modifications while ultimately responsible for approving TF parts, first article inspection (FAI) reports, and Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) reports

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical, materials engineering or related field or 10 years of technical experience in mold designmold making
5 years of experience in direct hands-on injection mold design andor injection mold construction
Experience with equipment design, controls, and set up and validation of robotic cells

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree or PhD in materials engineering or mechanical engineering
10 years of experience in direct hands-on injection mold design andor injection mold construction
Detailed understanding of plastics molding-related process variables and their impact on throughput, quality, and yield rate
Strong to expert-level 3D CAD skills, including advanced surfacing and large assemblies
Siemens NX fluency or must be able to learn and adopt it quickly as it will be the design package used (NX 1953)
Knowledge and experience in scientific moldingRJG molding
Strong experience in setting up and performing detailed mold simulations (Autodesk Moldflow)
Knowledge and experience with Liquid Silicone Rubber molding (LSR)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to travel to other SpaceX sites andor vendors for extended periods of time (in excess of 50 of the time) including international
Ability to lift up to 40 Ibs unassisted
Standing andor walking for long periods of time
Willingness to work long hours and weekends as necessary to accommodate manufacturing and test campaigns

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:                             
Pay range:          
Sr. Tooling Engineer: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year             
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.         
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.