SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
INVENTORY SPECIALIST (STARSHIP)  TEMPORARY
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Receive, store and issue raw material, parts, details and hardware to support shop operations
Store parts and materials in bins, drawers, and racks, identifying part and stored location
Maintain strict material handling practices in accordance with procedures
Perform picking function to make up necessary kits of parts, material and hardware as required, ascertaining that all parts are available and accounted for in kit
Verify all material received for conformity with accompanying paperwork, checking for damage, correct part numbers, quantity and revisions
Issue material against approved paperwork such as affixing verification and traceability on required serialized parts before issuing. Validate lot trace
Abide by all procedures, desk instructions and standard operating documents
Monitor shelf-life storage and maintain proper rotation of stock
Support the organizations metric goals and objectives
Perform good housekeeping chores in area
Perform cycle counts

POSITION DETAILS:
This is a temporary position with SpaceX, for the length of time as stated, and is subject to change with minimal notice as business needs dictate.

LENGTH OF POSITION: 3 months
LOCATION: Brownsville, TX
SHIFT: Monday-Friday (10 hr shift) or Friday-Monday (12 hr shift), 6 AM - 6PM or 6 PM - 6 AM

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of inventory control experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

3 years of inventory control experience in a warehouse
Experience operate a forklift and other related inventory equipment
Experience and understanding of inventory and kitting processes
Excellent computer skills including Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook)
Experience within the aerospace, automotive, semiconductor, or electronic fields
ERP system experience (SAP, Oracle, etc.)
Bachelors degree

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Available for at least one of the following shifts:

1st shift: 6 AM to 4:30PM
3rd shift: 6 PM to 4:30 AM


Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Willingness to work overtime and weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines
Ability to lift up to 25 lbs unassisted

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Inventory Specialist Level 1: 18.00hourInventory Specialist Level 2: 20.50hourInventory Specialist Level 3: 23.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for potential discretionary bonuses. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, and various other discounts and perks. You will also be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year   
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 