SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TIG WELDER (RAPTOR) 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Weld, assemble, and fabricate various fluid systems and various sub-assembly components
Use precision calibrated tools  torque wrenches, micrometers and calipers
Perform work according to procedures, specifications and test instructions
Read and interpret technical drawings, and follow detailed work instructions
Use various mechanical tools without instruction
Perform other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment
Operate forklifts, cranes and heavy equipment
Perform blending, filing and shearing of sheet metal piece parts

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of experience with TIG welding

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

5 years of experience in welding with one or more of the following materials: stainless steel, carbon steel, Inconel, aluminum or titanium
Experience with aerospace TIG welding
Highly proficient in tube (small and large diameter up to 6) cutting grinding and fabrication
Proficient in blue print reading and lay out
Knowledge and experience completing welds that pass visual before being X-rayed or dye penned
AWS D17.1 and D1.2 certification
Experience with overhead cranes and forklifts

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, andor weekends as needed. Estimated start times: 1st shift (5:00 AM), 2nd shift (3:00 PM)
Able to lift a min. of 25 lbs. unassisted
Able to stand for extended periods  8 hours min
Able to stoop, bend, crawl, and maneuver in tight spaces

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:TIG WelderLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hourTIG WelderLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hourTIG WelderLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.     
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.