SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
AUTOMATION AND CONTROLS ENGINEER, INSOURCE MANUFACTURING (STARLINK)
SpaceX is developing a low latency, broadband internet system to meet the needs of consumers across the globe. Enabled by a constellation of low Earth orbit satellites, Starlink will provide fast, reliable internet to populations with little or no connectivity, including those in rural communities and places where existing services are too expensive or unreliable.
Working directly in the Materials Engineering group, this position is responsible for managing a technical project for the development and qualification of all equipment, tooling and manufacturing process technologies necessary to produce plastic injection molds and high pressure die cast tools. Automation  Controls Engineers will work on some of the most complex and challenging processes in the factory.  The correct individual will bring an open mindset, challenge the status quo with regards to traditional vs. emerging technologies and utilize a logical and disciplined approach to evaluate and select the correct set of solutions.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Electrical systems:

Design electrical systems compliant to NEC, NFPA, and UL508A regulations
Design data acquisition systems
Work closely with other disciplines in order to manage interface control systems with high power equipment, communication equipment, and facility equipment
Design systems for hazardous environments
Create and maintain equipment documentation and drawings

Control software:

Architect, write, and debug both PLC and Robot code with an emphasis on generating code that is organized, structured, documented, maintainable and reusable for similar applications
Generate aesthetically simple HMI screens for complex machinery while providing sufficient feedback for troubleshooting

Mechanical integration:

Collaborate with mechanical designers to develop and commission new automation cells and automate existing machinery to improve the current processes

General responsibilities:

Keep our factory safe and reliable by implementing ANSIRIA15.06OSHA compliant systems for robots, gantries, conveyors, and other manufacturing equipment
Participate in initial equipment conceptual development and carefully balance product specifications, process requirements, layout complexity, cost, and lead-time limits
Manage electrical cabinet builds, field wiring, pneumatic and fluid plumbing
Set, implement, and maintain schedules and budgets to ensure project completion
Debug, root-cause, and make continuous improvements of equipment in a high-rate production environment

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
2 years of experience in the design and commissioning of controls systems for industrial applications

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Process integration and electromechanicalmechatronic systems experience
Electrical schematic CAD experience using EPlan
C, .NET, python andor SQL experience
PLC programming experience, preferably Beckhoff TwinCAT or Siemens TIA Portal
HMI and SCADA programming experience, preferably Ignition or Beckhoff TwinCAT HMI
Robot programming experience, preferably ABB
Field bus networks, serial communication and Ethernet communication 
Hands-on experience building and commissioning high quality electrical control panels and electro-mechanical systems
Knowledge of NEC, UL508A codes
Experience with 3D CAD, preferably Siemens NX
Exposure to a wide variety of industrial machinery
Excellent communication skills both written and verbal
Experience in fast-paced iterative design and test environments
Experience solving complex problems with little to no supervision on schedule as an individual or as a member of an integrated team

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to travel to other SpaceX sites andor vendors for significantextended periods of time (up to 100 during system activation)
Ability to lift up to 25Ibs unassisted
Standingwalking for long periods of time
Must be willing to work long hours and weekends as necessary to accommodate manufacturing and test campaigns

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:             
Pay range:          
Automation  Controls EngineerLevel I: 100,000.00 - 120,000.00per year
Automation  Controls EngineerLevel II: 115,000.00 - 135,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.