SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today, SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
RELIABILITY TEST ENGINEER (STARLINK PRODUCT)
Starlink is Spacexs ambitious goal to bring high-quality internet to the globe by building a constellation of thousands of satellites in low earth orbit (LEO) using our Falcon 9 reusable rockets. We are developing millions of devices for end users to link our customers to our satellites. As a reliability test engineer on the Starlink team, you will be working with other engineers in all disciplines to ensure reliability of new products through design, manufacturing, and end-use.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and implement reliability test strategies for new products and their subcomponents to maximize field life and minimize early life failures
Design and execute novel environmental, RF, mechanical, and electrical testing techniques tailored to the product and its functions
Write test programs to exercise the functionality of the product over various conditions and environments
Automate reliability test initiatives and reporting using proper data visualization techniques and thorough knowledge of the product and its functions
Work closely with hardware, software, and network engineering teams to maximize reliability across all disciplines
Define the ongoing reliability testing strategy to monitor the manufacturing process health and screen for long-term reliability defects caused by process and component variability
Root-cause failures found in test and drive design iteration to meet long-term reliability goals

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
1 years of experience in test, analysis, manufacturing, or hardware development (internship and project experience is applicable)

 PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience with both electronics and mechanical design and analysis including knowledge of RF principles
Programming experience in Python, C and SQL with an emphasis on data analysis and automation
Demonstrated capability to think creatively and solve complex problems with little to no supervision on schedule as an individual or as a member of an integrated team
Experience in a fast-paced, iterative design environment within the consumer electronics, mobile handset, medical devices, aerospace, marine, or automotive industries

  ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work extended hours, weekends, and offsite as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              
Pay range:          
Reliability Test EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    Reliability Test EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year       
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.