SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SOFTWARE ENGINEER (FALCON)
As a Software Engineer on the Falcon team, you will develop, analyze, and verify the mission-critical software configurations that fly our rockets. You will partner cross-functionally to ensure the software is configured to each missions specifications and needs. You will be responsible for ensuring the vehicle behaves as expected and troubleshoot flight software when necessary. You will have a direct impact on our ability to launch rockets frequently, safely, and reliably.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop, execute, and analyze the software configuration and state machines for the software systems that fly our rockets
Invent new tools that enable more frequent and reliable software deployment, automated data review, and automated configuration verification
Analyze test results and bugs that require in-depth investigations
Hands-on integration and troubleshooting of flight hardwaresoftware systems
Occasional travel to launch sites and customer sites for testing andor operations
Support launch operations by sitting on console in mission control

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or science discipline OR 2 years of experience in software development
Development experience with a programming language, such as Python, Perl, Ruby, MATLAB, CC

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience with electronics, controls, motor design, and physical mechanics
Fluency in Linux, including bash shell scripting and network troubleshooting
Experience building or working with real-time embedded systems
Experience with software documentation, creating system diagrams, and enumerating software requirements, and state machines

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available to work extended hours and weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    Pay Range:    Software EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    Software EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.    
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.