SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
FOOD SERVICES SPECIALIST - TEMPORARY POSITION
This opportunity is an entry level position for an individual that enjoys a fast paced environment and dynamic workload within a large team. They must be comfortable supporting task ownership within culinary, hospitality, porter, and dish teams as well as be flexible enough to switch from one to the other throughout the day as instructed by leadership. Specific daily tasks may change on short notice according to staffing and business needs. These may include, but are not limited to the following: food and beverage preparation, meal delivery, serving guests, maintaining the cleanliness of dining spaces, and stocking or distributing product. This individual should be cross-trained in more than one specific role so that they are able to fill in at a moments notice. The food services specialist position supports the mission by providing excellent customer service, flexible support, and the ability to aid in production and service of quality food and beverage options in order to boost morale and productivity within SpaceX.
 
RESPONSIBILITIES:


Assist the organization by ensuring cleanliness in all on-site dining areas
Support maintenance of all beverage stations, food sales locations, and break areas
Assist with food preparation according to SpaceX quality and sanitation standards
Support proper product rotation and storage according to food safety requirements
Follow stocking routes, track inventory, and receive and distribute product  around the site as instructed by leadership
Help the team meet time and quality standards set by supervisor
Setup, maintain, and breakdown a daily workstation within a kitchen or service environment


POSITION DETAILS:
This is a temporary position with SpaceX, for the length of time as stated, and is subject to change with minimal notice as business needs dictate.


LENGTH OF POSITION: 3 months (permanent hire conversion is possible based on performance and business need)
LOCATION: Bastrop, Tx


BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:


High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of experience in food preparation, customer service, or other food services support roles


PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:


1 years of cooking experience
Ability to take initiative in a dynamic, fast-paced environment
Possession or willingness to obtain food handlers card
Experience working in a high-volume output environment
Basic computer skills (Microsoft Office, Excel, and Outlook primarily)
Sound understanding of food safety and sanitation practices
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal


ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:


Ability to work all shifts and available for overtime and weekends, as needed
Ability to carry large heavy items, such as dishes in tubs or trays unassisted (up to 25 lbs.)
Ability to stand for long periods of time  up to 10 hours a day
Ability to work all shifts and available for overtime and weekends, as needed
Ability to perform frequent bending, stooping, and lifting of objects


COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
 
Pay range: 
Food Services SpecialistLevel 1: 20.50hour
Food Services SpecialistLevel 2: 21.50hour
Food Services SpecialistLevel 3: 22.50hour
 

Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
 
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for potential discretionary bonuses. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, and various other discounts and perks. You will also be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. 

ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.