SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars
SR. SUPPLY CHAIN RELIABILITY ENGINEER (STARSHIP  RAPTOR)
The supply chain reliability engineering team is chartered with global quality surveillance of the supply base, reducing supply chain risk through external evaluations and internal risk reviews, leading failure investigations and proactively driving source qualification activities. As the supply chain reliability engineer supporting Starship  Raptor, you manage and lead cross functional risk activities to meet technical, production, and regulatory requirements at the point of qualification and throughout the suppliers lifecycle. You would be responsible for monitoring for supplier flight risk and driving failure investigations to resolve issues immediately and effectively. As supplier surveillance activities deal with suppliers that support all areas of SpaceX, you would build an extensive network within materials and processing, build reliability, production, supply chain management, and a deep understanding of SpaceX systems and processes. This experience would enable you to become a critical voice in the development of group and company strategy.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Interface with production operations, inspection, shippingreceiving, and engineering teams to develop appropriate quality signals and processes to meeting overall program reliability goals
Maintain established quality processes and necessary procedures to ensure the identification, segregation, control, and disposition of all nonconforming materials, parts, components, and subassemblies at the business and supplier level
Responsible for containment actions associated with non-conforming product, including identification of product location, coordination with Build Reliability Engineers of potential flight risk and the coordination of actions required to identify root cause analysis
Lead cross functional supplier quality investigations
Coordinate failure resolution and follow-up actions to avoid further mishaps
Promote, assist and execute quality standards, inspection processes, test methodologies, quality plans, documents and reports
Perform independent technical field qualification and verification of supplier capabilities and ongoing reliability
Execute corrective actions as a result of audit
Collaborate with multiple organizations to identify improvement opportunities and lead, manage and execute improvement projects
Develops and maintains strong relationships with internal and external stakeholders to ensure optimal performance

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering field
5 years of experience in quality systems, quality assurance, control or manufacturingproduction

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Knowledge of AS9100, ISO 9000 or Nadcap AC7004
Masters degree in engineering or supply chain
Knowledge and mastery of principles of chemistry, engineering, fluid dynamics and mechanics of materials
Familiarity with mechanical testing and properties of materials
Experience with machining and ancillary operations such as milling, turning, and tube cutting of materials
Ability to quickly grasp knowledge of a diverse range of supplier capabilities
Practical experience in requirement and specification development
Capable of seeking and solving complex problem and organizing it in a manner that helps decision-making
Demonstrated experience in leading or working on a multi-disciplinary engineering problem
Knowledge of quality tools such as Lean principles, Six Sigma, root cause analysis and corrective action, advanced product quality planning (APQP), metrology, process failure mode and effects analysis (PFMEA), control plans, and various problem-solving approaches
Experience with high volume manufacturing (i.e. small or large machined components, hardware, COTS, fittings, etc.)
Knowledge of supplier quality processes (production part approval process, advanced product quality planning, first article inspection reports, etc.)
Disciplined approach to problem solving - 8D
Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to make presentations to suppliers, team members and management

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work extended hours and some nights andor weekends as needed to meet major milestones
Must be able to travel - up to 25-50 work week travel may be required, including international travel
This position is based in Hawthorne, CA or Brownsville, TX and requires being onsite - remote work not considered
Valid drivers license

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:
Sr. Supply Chain Reliability Engineer: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.