SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SOFTWARE ENGINEER, HARDWARE TEST  AUTOMATION (STARLINK)
As a Software Engineer on the Starlink Team you will design software and build systems that test flight components and full satellites for maximum performance and reliability in extreme environments, with mission success being imperative. Your focus will be on developing integrated operations and automation for the components and platforms that bring the Starlink Satellite to life. Our software engineers are responsible for the tools that enable rapid development and accurate testing of all Starlink hardware systems, with a continual focus on design, reliability, and innovation, from test hardware system designs to our software infrastructure. Our engineers serve as the experts for the flight control devices and mechanisms that drive the critical capabilities on our satellites - from inertial control devices, to space lasers and more.
Aerospace experience is not required to be successful here  engineers on this team are curious, and collaborative, love to learn new things, and work effectively in a dynamic environment to deliver high-impact technology on a massive scale.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop modular, reusable test and automation software in Python and similar languages for manufacturing and engineering design verification
Write automation software to interact with flight hardware, test equipment, instrumentation, and production documentation systems
Develop software that allows for test execution across multiple environments: hardware-in-the-loop (HITL, HIL) and virtualized hardware simulations.
Develop custom automation solutions to engineering and manufacturing challenges using a combination of embedded electronics and innovative hardware
Develop algorithms to analyze complex test data to determine if components have met acceptance criteria
Maintain and troubleshoot existing automation infrastructure and work with partner teams to determine and correct root cause of failures
Define and implement project plans, manage milestones and hold reviews to assure reliable test systems are delivered to production
Invent tools that enable more frequent and reliable software deployment, test execution, and data analysis as part of a continuous integration and release system

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or STEM discipline; OR 2 years of professional experience in software development in lieu of a degree
Development experience in C, C, or Python; or full stack software development experience 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Extensive knowledge of Linux and Windows operating systems
Experience with configuration management and version control software
Experience with continuous integration and agile development
Experience automating processes and testing to improve manufacturing yields and reduce production time
Experience with control feedback loop design and implementation
Experience with numerical analysis techniques and signal processing in multiple domains
Extensive knowledge with a range of digital and analog interfaces including GPIB, USB, VISA, TCPIP, VLAN, CAN bus, SPI, I2C, Modbus, analog-to-digital conversion
Experience troubleshooting interactions between software and hardware such as network devices and lab instrumentation
Experience with spacecraft fluid systems
Experience with high power electrical systems
Experience with embedded hardware product development
Developed and deployed software that has been used in real-world applicationsprojects.
Experience with containerization technologies (i.e. Docker, Kubernetes).
Radio frequency (RF) system-level design, modems, and diagnostic test equipment experience.
Strong skills in troubleshooting, debugging, performance optimization, and unit testing.
Experience with continuous integration and monitoring.
Solid fundamental knowledge of networks, electronics, RF communications, optics, math, and physics

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:    Software Test EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    Software Test EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k)-retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.