SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MANUFACTURING SPECIALIST (STARLINK)
SpaceX is developing a low latency, broadband internet system to meet the needs of consumers across the globe. Enabled by a constellation of low Earth orbit satellites, Starlink will provide fast, reliable internet to populations with little or no connectivity, including those in rural communities and places where existing services are too expensive or unreliable. We are looking for a talented manufacturing specialist to lead Starlink satellite production and process improvements.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Execute and manage new configuration introduction into the production area
Perform process development and validation on new designs in extremely aggressive timelines
Triage non-conforming product and drive resolution and preventative actions
Design and implement assembly fixturesshop aides to improve the manufacturing process
Identify and implement changes to design, process, safety, and floor layout to improve yield, performance, and cost
Implement standard practices, troubleshooting guides, and standard repair procedures
Identify, develop, and provide training to production technicians on new or updated processes
Create and support equipment maintenance and calibration schedules

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of professional experience in a hands-on manufacturing environment or a bachelors degree in an engineering, math or science discipline

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Associate or bachelors degree in an engineering, math, or science discipline
Experience as a lead technician working on assembly andor test of sub-assemblies
Ability to read, understand and follow detailed schematics, drawings, and instructions
Experience with Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook)
Able to adapt to constantly changing work assignments and fast-paced work environment
Excellent communication (written and verbal) and teamwork skills
Excellent concentration and attention to detail with outstanding work efficiency and accuracy

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work all shift, overtime andor weekends as needed
Standing for long periods of time, climbing up and down ladders, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, and stretching may be required to perform the functions of this position
Must be able to lift up to 25lbs. unassisted

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:  
Manufacturing Specialist (Starlink) Level 1: 32.00 - 40.00hour       
Manufacturing Specialist (Starlink) Level 2: 36.00 - 45.00hour       
Manufacturing Specialist (Starlink) Level 3: 40.00 - 50.00hour       
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 