SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
VESSEL CREW - ABLE BODIED SEAMAN, AB (MARINE OPERATIONS)
The Marine Operations team at SpaceX is looking for an Able Bodied Seaman as a rotational mariner aboard our Dragon Recovery vessels. This role is a dynamic opportunity to support a variety of shipboard and shoreside projects to help ensure mission readiness and success.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Work closely with team leadership and vessel mates to perform necessary topside duties at sea and in-port to support space hardware recovery
Responsible for the cleanliness and vessel preservation process improvements
Support a range of operations including, but not limited to: routine vessel rounds, mooringunmooring vessels, laying, rigging, assisting with crane operations
Perform dailyweekly vessel on-deck operations while the vessel is offshore and in-port
Assist the Duty Engineer as needed
Assist recovery missions, working with SpaceX recovery engineers and technicians

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
Merchant Mariner Credential (MMC)license  Able Bodied Seaman Special or higher
Valid USCG Medical Certification

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Professional experience working with vessel navigation in accordance with United States Coast Guard (USCG) standards of training, certification, and watch-keeping (STCW)
Professional experience working offshore within a medical or fire-protection related role
Activecurrent US Coast Guard medical certificatelicense
3 years of professional experience working in a role that deals with examinations or licensing-efforts with US Coast Guard (USCG) andor American Bureau of Shipping (ABS) regulations 
Knowledge of vessel management systems, safety management systems, and regulatory programs such as OPA 90, MARPOL, ABS, etc.
Willing to work outdoors and in maritime environments, and able to work flexible hours during mission support periods

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to pass Air Force background check for Cape Canaveral
Position requires a Merchant Mariner credential, which includes pre-employment and random drug testing in accordance with 46 CFR 16 and 49 CFR 40
Must be willing to travel to other SpaceX locations as necessary; role may require travel
50-hour work week is typical, and may vary depending on site operational needs, flexibility is required

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    MeganShannon - AB - 36,000.00 annual salary  325.00 per day worked
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.