SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
INTEGRATION  TEST SPECIALIST (STARLINK GATEWAY)  1ST SHIFT
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Operate and ensure Gateway production test systems and areas are operating at rate
First level troubleshooting of test system errors by reading and interpreting test logs and telemetry
Support production, engineering, and qualification tests including equipment bring up and configuration, dry runs, and in situ troubleshooting.
Aid in efforts to uncover root-cause of equipment failures and develop permanent resolution on issues found during test operations (via software updates, hardware changes, etc.)
Execute and manage new configuration introduction into production area
Design and implement assembly fixtures, tooling, and shop aids to improve manufacturing processes
Identify and implement changes to design, process, safety, and floor layout to improve yield, performance, and cost.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school degree or equivalency certificate
2 years of experience working in a hands-on technical position or a bachelors degree in an engineering field

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Associate or Bachelors degree in an engineering, math or science discipline
Experience with Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Power Point, Outlook)
Excellent communication (written and verbal), teamwork, and organizational skills.
Strong understanding of technical documentation, engineering drawings, and schematics.
Experience performing electronic testing and inspection using measurement devices such as multimeters, oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers, etc.
Hands-on experience with fabrication tools (CNC and manual mills, lathes, waterjet, bandsaws, etc.)
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment
Experience working in a variety of software environments, applications, and languages including Linux, Windows, Microsoft Office, git, SVN, JIRA, Altium, Mentor PCB, NX, Bash, and Python

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

This is a 1st shift role working from 6:00 AM  4:30 PM
Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, andor weekends as needed
Must be able to lift and carry up to 25 pounds
Repetitive assembly operations, grasping, standing, lifting, bending, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Integration Specialist, GatewayLevel 1: 32.00 - 40.00hour     
Integration Specialist, GatewayLevel 2: 36.00 - 45.00hour     
Integration Specialist, GatewayLevel 3: 40.00 - 50.00hour                                     
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  


SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.