SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
LEAD RADIATION EFFECTS ENGINEER
As a member of our fast-paced Radiation Effects team, you will be responsible for ensuring avionics hardware performance across our fleet of vehicles (Dragon, Falcon, Starship, Lunar Human Landing System, etc.) through some of the harshest and varied radiation environments imaginable. In order to ensure maximum reliability in an ionizing radiation environment, the Radiation team at SpaceX performs exhaustive analysis, design, and test at the component, board, unit and subsystem levels with extensive opportunity to interact with a vast array of rocket and spacecraft hardware and electronics. As one of the few teams required to interface with the design, manufacturing, integration, and mission operations teams, we play a critical role in the development of our systems as we advance our efforts towards broadband satellite internet and safe, reliable, inexpensive, and innovative access to space with the fundamental goal of expanding human space exploration capabilities and establishing a permanent human presence on the Moon and Mars.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Lead a diverse team of radiation engineers and test specialists from a variety of electrical engineering and physics backgrounds
Drive critical decision-making processes for performing radiation testing, deriving part performance classification and taxonomy, and improving vehicle and subsystem level radiation reliability and survivability
Perform circuit, sub-system, and system level engineering and risk assessment due to ionizing radiation effects
Establish applicable ionizing radiation requirements
Predict environmental stresses to vehicles flown in ionizing radiation environments
Conduct analysis and presentations for project mission managers, guidance navigation and control teams, and payload customers
Work closely with responsible engineers, manufacturing engineers, and production test labs to ensure a testable product is being developed
Work with circuit design, electronics manufacturing, and software implementation to analyze and improve test coverage
Assess design and flight reliability based on system design and predicted radiation response
Make recommendations for design, process improvements, and data collection
Perform root-cause analysis of test failures and communicate recommended actions
Define and implement project plans, manage milestones, and hold reviews to assure reliability of projects plan
Write verification test plans, test procedures, and test reports against product requirements
Comply with all radiation regulatory requirements for radiation safety

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering or physics
3 years of hardware focused test engineering experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Previous work experience in radiation effects including modeling, testing, andor analysis
Understanding of electronic semiconductor device physics and space ionizing radiation effects on electronic components (SEE, TID, DDD)
Familiarity with heavy ion and proton test facilities
Familiarity with space radiation analysis software such as CREME96, SPENVIS, IRENE
Strong mathematics and statistics knowledge base
Proficiency in programming languages including Python, Matlab, CC, and SQL
Proficiency with avionics hardware spanning integrated circuits, PCBAs, sensorstransducers, functional troubleshooting, and defect detection
Proficiency with hardware blueprintsschematics and circuit functions based on designs
Familiarity with electronics testing and instrumentation including oscilloscopes, multi-meters, logic analyzers, function generators, electronic load banks, power supplies, power analyzers and data acquisition
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:       
Pay Range:     
Lead Radiation Effects Engineer: 130,000.00 - 180,000.00per year      
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.         
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.