SpaceX was founded on the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.  
STARSHIP VEHICLE LEAD
As a Starship Vehicle Lead, you will have the opportunity to lead the overall development engineering effort for the Starship program in support of getting humans to mars. You will be primarily responsible for the success of specific Starship missions, acting as a deputy program manager to ensure reliable performance, adherence to all system requirements, and implementation of vehicle reusability. You will be part of the larger Starship Engineering organization and interact with all engineering disciplines to resolve new engineering issues as they arise.  You will also coordinate with prduction to implement any changes required for development progression.  As the vehicle lead for specific Starship missions, you will be responsible for design integration of all technical aspects of the mission and technical communication to customers regarding the engineering status for the mission. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Responsible for developing the overall program schedule, product definition, technical and performance trades, resource definition and mission success
Responsible to reporting overall program status and critical path items to management, executives, and the department for alignment
Translation of design intentgoals in the context of various design teams language as well as to the greater publicproduction
Identify and own projects and processes that improve overall program success and progress
Manage the fleet of vehicles (both vehicles in build and active vehicles)

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering, math, or physics related discipline; or 5 years of professional experience in a technical aerospace or manufacturing role in lieu of a degree
Previous experience managing technical teams
3 years of experience managing projects or technical trades

PREFERRED SKILLS  EXPERIENCE:

Experience with interdisciplinary project management across many departments. Interdisciplinary engineering fundamentals and multidisciplinary project execution is the key to success in this role
Experience developing and presenting executive summaries of status to drive decision making
5 years experience managing projects or technical trades

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed
Frequent travel required

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: Pay range:Vehicle Lead Lead: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.