SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TECHNICAL WRITER (FLUID SYSTEMS)
The Technical Writer for SpaceX Fluid Systems is responsible for the process instructions for the manufacture of high volumehigh mix fluid systems hardware for launch vehicles and spacecraft that deliver satellites into earth orbit, ferry humans to and from the international space station, and ultimately extend humanitys reach beyond the earth and moon. You will author content to ensure conforming hardware and that safety, reliability, and process capability goals are achieved, maintained, and improved. You will be a vital part of the relationship between our development and production teams. You will provide input into the design and development of new and existing hardware and take a lead role in manufacturing and integration on our current and next generation vehicles.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Create, revise and maintain planning documents to produce assemblies which conform to design and specifications
Author and illustrate technician instructional content for gas tungsten arc welding, orbital tube welding, CNC tube bending, precision cleaning, high pressure testing, etc.
Manage projects and execute to tight timelines while effectively communicating to and influencing stakeholders
Maintain long-term authoring projects, while at the same time addressing a stream of real-time planning requests
Interact with shop personnel to ensure work instructions are accurate and comprehensible
Interpret technical documents in regards to aerospace manufacturing, assemblies, database systems, and processes to create accurate planning

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree
2 years of experience in process planning or technical writing

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience with reducing ambiguity in instructions through graphic illustration and annotation
Capacity to read and understand technical drawings and schematics
Bachelors degree in graphic design or a technical discipline
Demonstrated experience with illustration tools and software
Working knowledge of Python, SQL, or other coding language
Experience with metallic manufacturing techniques and equipment for processes such as CNC fabrication, welding (orbital tube and TIG), precision cleaning, forming, inspection, etc.
Process planning experience in automotive or aviation industries
Ability to work under deadlines and to deliver in the midst of changes in project direction
Ability to creatively overhaul and re-design any project or workflow to optimize comprehension, while meeting requirements
Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) and ability to succinctly present recommendations to stakeholders, the customer, and management
Demonstrated experience with CAD and geometric dimensioning and tolerancing (GDT) experience
Strong analytical, project management, computer, communication, and writing skills (typing, spelling, grammar)
At least intermediate skill level using Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed
Ability to work on feet for up to 4 hours a day
Will sometimes be working directly with the hardware on the floor and will have to be comfortable stooping, bending, and standing.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range: Technical Writer: 75,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.