SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TAX MANAGER (LATAM)
SpaceX is seeking to add a Tax Manager as it expands its Starlink business in Latin America and other regions around the world. The LatAm Tax Manager will be part of the international tax team located in Hawthorne and will be working on the companys US and local country tax matters for the Latin America and the Caribbean regions.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Gather data and coordinate with external service providers for preparation of both direct indirect tax returns as well as month-end financial reporting activities
Ensure that existing jurisdictions in which Starlink has operations (as well as any new countries in Latin America and the Caribbean) are compliant with local tax requirements and e-invoicing requirements
Provide technical tax analysis in regard to the tax implications of existing and new markets across Latin America and the Caribbean
Collaborate and partner with cross functional teams (operations, commercial, legal, customs, treasury, accounting, finance) and other stakeholders in order to build a strong networking across these departments and with external resources to ensure compliance with local legislation
Coordinate tax payments, including monitoring payment dates, calculating correct payment amounts, and ensuring payments are properly recorded in the books
Assist with maintaining tax records, legal agreements, customs and transfer pricing documentations
Assist with noticesaudits received from various taxing authorities
Provide support as needed on ad hoc projects

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in accounting or tax
5 years of combined tax experience in public accounting, law firm andor large multinational with operations in LatAm

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Spanish andor Portuguese fluency
Prior experience dealing with Latin America indirect and direct tax
Prior Big 4 experience in LatAm region or desk
Prior experience dealing with e-invoicing environment in Latin America
Data analytics skills, knowledge of Onesource, Alteryx, SQL
Detail oriented, organized, and efficient in work processes
Ability to multi-task and work collaboratively as well as independently

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to willing to work extended hours andor weekends as needed
Must be able travel up to 10

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Manager: 130,000 - 230,000per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.