SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SECURITY ENGINEER (THREAT DETECTION)

SpaceX is targeted by sophisticated adversaries determined to attain or disrupt the cutting-edge technology it develops. The security operations team is seeking technically excellent engineers with a strong understanding of these adversaries. The environment in which you will operate is used to launch rockets and control spacecraft. You will be tasked with detecting threat actors in this environment before they can disrupt or deny SpaceXs mission. 


Your output will be detections and detection mechanisms that provide comprehensive coverage of both known and unknown threats. Your work will involve writing structured queries against large datasets of endpoint and network telemetry, as well as building custom threat detection tooling and frameworks. We encourage the continual practice of adversary emulation to identify novel detections as well as validate the effectiveness of our threat detection posture. If you are interested in detecting and disrupting sophisticated threat actors in order to secure SpaceXs mission to Mars, lets talk! 


RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Build security detections and detection frameworks.
Perform adversary emulation activities to identify detection gaps in the environment.
Research emerging adversary techniques and tooling, using the knowledge gained to build novel detections.
Engage with relevant owners of high-risk systems and services to identify and prioritize detection gaps.
Investigate anomalous or suspicious behavior in the environment as it is identified in the detection engineering process. 



BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, or information security discipline; OR 2 years of professional experience related to security researching, performing, or detecting tactics, techniques, procedures (TTPs) in lieu of a degree
Experience with one or more of the following programming languages: Python, PowerShell, Go, CC, Rust



PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

Experience with operating system internals for Windows, Linux, andor macOS
Vulnerability research and exploit development
Experience with offensive security frameworks and tooling
Malware analysis and memory forensics
Experience with modern security information and event management (SIEM) systems
Knowledge of cloud infrastructure and security implications of hybrid environments


ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 
Pay Range:
Security Engineer Level I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year
Security Engineer Level II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.