SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SOURCING MANAGER (LAUNCH VEHICLE)
Falcon 9 is the worlds first orbital reusable rocket, driving down cost of space entry and making space more accessible. The Dragon spacecraft is the only spacecraft currently flying that is capable of returning significant amounts of cargo to Earth, and is the first private spacecraft to take humans to the space station. Our Falcon  Dragon program provides assured access to space for astronauts, provider for national security payloads, and is critical for the success of Starlink satellites. This role will be integral member of our Falcon  Dragon strategic sourcing team and the supply chain subject matter expert for composite machined part fabrication. Along with managing commodity and supplier strategies, a large focus of this role will be eliminating any risk to hitting rate and setting up turnkey solutions to mass produce cost effective rockets.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Create sourcing strategies for assigned categories to reduce risk and meet targets for the purchasing department including, but not limited to, payment terms, cash targets, and cost savings
Develop and maintain key internal stakeholder relationships to create strategic sourcing models that optimize the value of products and services that support business unit requirements to maintain continuous cost reduction programs for controllable expenditures
Communicate, manage, and drive compliance to category strategies
Identify and execute cost reduction projects including planning, coordinating with stakeholders, estimating completion, and project updates
Perform advanced quantitative and business process analyses to identify financial impacts of decisions, cost improvement and performance for assigned categories
Collaborate with stakeholders to define SLAs and KPIs for suppliers and measure the appropriate criteria, such as: delivery of business results, cost reduction, quality and timeliness of delivery
Conduct research, perform benchmarking, and gather market analysis for assigned categories
Create contract documents in collaboration with the legal department
Manage contracts to ensure the performance of the supplier to contract obligations
Understand interrelationships between contracts and terms while applying creativity and sound business reasoning to interpret application of contract to business needs
Maximize value and cost savings benefits while lowering risk through strategic negotiations
Identify and drive year over year cost optimization through reducing usage and eliminating waste within our operations
Establish preferred suppliers for assigned categories
Create and implement management programs to develop, continuously improve, manage the performance of, and monitor KPIs of the supply base
Place purchase orders and resolve blocked invoices related to assigned categories
Develop and lead efforts to reduce number of transactions and for assigned categories

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Advanced degree and 3 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or bachelors degree and 5 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or 9 years of experience working in one or more of the following:

Engineering
Purchasing
Contract negotiation
Material or production planning
Operations or supply chain management
Material cost control
Master production scheduling



PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Familiarity or experience working with aerospace components
Strong ability to read drawings and blueprints, with understanding of manufacturing complexity
Experience with technical procurement, manufacturing, or designing production components
APICS certification
Lean Six Sigma certification
Ability to prove a strong track record of leadership and team building
Remarkable problem solving skills with a bias for speed and positive impact
Ability to learn quickly and prioritize appropriately to meet customer and company needs
Exceptional analytical and organizational skills
Excellent customer service skills, produce exceptional work at all times, highly self-motivated
Effective written, verbal and presentation communication skills
Strong technical knowledge and skills in current technologies and applications (e.g. MS Office Suite, SQL, PowerBI, etc.)
Detail-oriented, and able to respond quickly to a fast-moving and ever-changing environment
Holds self to highest ethical standards, and conducts all activities with the highest of integrity

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to travel up to 15
Must be able to work extended hours andor weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Sourcing Manager: 110,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.    
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.