SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. SOFTWARE ENGINEER, MOBILE APPLICATIONS (STARLINK)
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe.
As a software engineer on the mobile team, you will shape the face of Starlink. As a key contributor on a small team, youll be responsible for crafting a functional and aesthetic mobile interface to help users set up, monitor, and optimize their Starlink internet in the mobile app. The success of Starlink depends on the software you and your team produce. Youll play an outsized role in bringing internet to rural and developing communities. You are technical, you attack every problem with enthusiasm; you remove hurdles. You are a self-starter, team player, and have the hunger to venture into unknown areas and code to deliver a world-class mobile experience for Starlink.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Craft functionally and aesthetically flawless user experiences.
Work with other engineers to plan and organize the development of our products.
Suggest and implement innovative ways to enhance the user experience through our mobile platform.
Perform user research and requirements gathering for new and existing products.
Manage the release life cycle and feature roadmap of our products.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or a STEM discipline and 5 years experience in mobile software development; OR 7 years of experience in mobile software development in lieu of a degree.
3 years of professional experience with React Native.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Expert knowledge of React Native and TypeScript.
Experience creating and publishing mobile applications for both iOS and Android.
Active mobile apps on the App Store and Google Play Store with an average rating of 4.5 stars and above.
Experience extending the capabilities of React Native by writing iOS and Android native modules.
Experience working with augmented reality in relation to mobile applications.
Deep understanding of user experience design principals and ability to contribute in design sessions.
Deep understanding of the whole web stack and strong desire to learn about new domains.
Experience with vector and motion graphics, including SVG, HTML5 Canvas, WebGL, and Three.js.
Experience with performance monitoring, continuous integration, and testing frameworks.
Experience writing Python and Shell scripts to analyze data and improve development process.
Excellent leadership, communication and teamwork skills.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:
Must be available to work extended hours and weekends as needed.
COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:
Software Engineer Sr.: 160,000.00 - 220,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.