SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PROCESS OPERATOR SPECIALIST
SpaceX is seeking process operators for its Starbase, TX facility. Ideally, the operator has experience working with industrial processes that utilize engines, motors, fluid piping, electrical equipment, and instrumented controls. This position entails ownership of equipment performance and reliability by monitoring process parameters and maintaining components, with a keen eye for leading indicators of instability or malfunction, and a drive to correct those issues in advance of undesirable events. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Identify equipment and process deviations and perform corrective actions
Troubleshoot, maintain, and calibrate a variety of process equipment including centrifugal and reciprocating compressors, gas analyzers, control systems, instrument electrical systems and process control valves
Work with engineers, technicians, and fabricators to implement fluid and mechanical designs in the field
Work with engineers and technicians to create operating procedures
Coordinate across multiple disciplines to ensure that required resources are available to complete builds
Use knowledge of systems and existing documentation like schematics and parts lists to create and maintain a mature and efficient hardware inventory system  including procurement of critical spares           
Learn and run standard operating procedures on the machinery

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Associate degree in mechanical or electrical engineering technology and 2 years of experience working with automated processes in one of the following areas OR a high school diploma or equivalency certificate and 4 years of experience in one of the following areas:

Control room operations
Plant operations
Mechanicmillwright support
Instrumentationelectrical operations



PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Basic understanding of process parameters and engineering units for temperature, pressure, flow, and power
Ability to read and understand PID and schematic wiring diagrams
Familiar with mechanical equipment and systems requiring the isolation of the malfunction, disassembly of industrial machinery and repairreplacement of bearings, gears, structural components
Familiar with lock out tag out, job hazard analysis, hot work permitting
Familiar with 120V, 480V, and 4160V electrical switchgear and components

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing and able to work outside with hand tools, which includes the ability to stand, walk, climb, and work with objects overhead
Required to climb ladders to elevated platforms and operate man-lifts at elevations in excess of 100 feet
Flexible schedule, which could include days or nights and also weekends

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
Pay range: 
Process Operations SpecialistLevel 1: 28.00hour
Process Operations SpecialistLevel 2: 32.00hour
Process Operations SpecialistLevel 3: 36.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.