SpaceX Was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
INTEGRATION  TEST ENGINEER (STARSHIELD)
Integration and Test engineers are responsible for understanding every system on the satellite. Engineers on this team must have working knowledge of design, schematics, operations, manufacturing, testing, and flight. A successful Integration and Test Engineer demonstrates engineering intuition and critical thinking and is comfortable working under ambiguous requirements with minimal oversight. Combining these skills, these engineers face challenges across a wide variety of work centers at the company, and the team is frequently asked to tackle new, inter-departmental development projects. The ultimate goal of the Integration and Test team is to ensure that satellites achieve their mission.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Manage integration build flow and test operations
Evaluate proposed designs for manufacturability and integration
Interface with both engineers and technicians to optimize manufacturing and automation
Develop and refine manufacturing assembly procedures based on lessons learned
Enable day-to-day execution of the vehicle integration and test flow
Evaluate non-conformances to determine root cause and create actionable items and system improvements

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
1 years of design andor hands-on manufacturing experience (internships, collegiate engineering projects such as Formula SAE, Baja SAE, etc., or professional industry experience will be considered)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Ability and willingness to obtain a Top Secret clearance
Masters degree in an engineering discipline
Experience with matlab, python, or other programming language
Experience with integration and testing of propulsion, thermal, electrical andor structural systems
Experience integrating avionics systems
Documentation and configuration management experience
Experience writing test plans, procedures and providing gono-go judgment and rationale
Experience in a production environment
Demonstrated engineering intuition, critical thinking, comfort with ambiguity

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Some travel to other SpaceX sites may be required as needed, up to 10
Must be willing to work extended hours andor weekends as needed to meet mission-critical deadlines
This position is very hands-on and requires one to be on their feet for extended periods of time, up to 4 hours at a time
Will often work side by side with our technicians and must be able to climb ladders, stoop, bend, crawl, and work in tight spaces
An active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions; if so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing


COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              


Pay range:     Mechanical EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year     Mechanical EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year    


Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience. 


Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year. 


ITAR REQUIREMENTS: 




To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  



SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. 


Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 

