SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
BUILD ENGINEER (STARSHIELD)
Starshield leverages SpaceXs Starlink technology and launch capability to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads.
As a Build Engineer, you will own the relationship between the engineering development and production teams. You will master exotic manufacturing tools and processes, from initial concept development to full scale production, and will interact regularly with senior leadership during critical design phases. You have strong technical and interpersonal skills and you thrive in a creative, scrappy, fast paced and collaborative environment in which the best ideas change company level direction on a regular basis.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Lead the assembly and integration of satellite sub-assemblies, test racks and test beds
Develop novel manufacturing techniques and manage the transition from development to full production handoff
Prepare engineering documentation necessary for the transition from development to production including assembly procedures, test procedures, standard operating procedures, schematic diagrams, bills of materials, suitable alternate parts lists and mechanical drawings
Actively engage with technicians in a hands-on fashion to facilitate and improve production processes
Devise and execute improvements to enhance production efficiency and quality
Create, maintain, and communicate detailed plans and schedules
Develop supply chain for new product and actively work with vendors
Understand, analyze and resolve manufacturing discrepancies while interfacing with key stakeholders
Tooling design and validation
Perform training of production personnel and leadership
Lead continuous improvement efforts of established product
Resolve non-conformances and identify root cause
Develop and execute tests for subscale and vehicle level testing

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
2 years of manufacturing, fabrication, assembly or testing experience (internship or project team experience can supplement for industry experience)

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Masters degree in an engineering discipline
Active Top Secret or TSSCI
Experience with spacecraft or aircraft avionics assemblies and testing
Experience with process development, facility and line layouts
Experience with NX and Teamcenter CAD and PDM systems
Experience with test automation, particularly using Python
Experience with designing and building electrical harnesses and connectors
Ability to create and deliver presentations for design and manufacturing readiness reviews
Experience working in fast-paced iterative design environments
Demonstrated ability to work in a highly cross-functional role
Knowledge of a variety of manufacturing techniques, equipment, and processes such as: machining, PCBA and electromechanical assembly
Active Top Secret or Top Secret SCI clearance OR willingness to pursue one is preferred. Note that an active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions. If so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work extended hours andor weekends as needed.
Must be able to travel - up to 10-25 work week travel may be required.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay Range:    
Build EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    
Build EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.


SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.