SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. FPGA ENGINEER (STARSHIELD)
Starshield leverages SpaceXs Starlink technology and launch capability to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads. This engineering team is hiring for satellite programs that are pushing the boundaries of in-space capabilities. Our missions support scientific research, classified national security space and commercial opportunities. Software engineering and innovation is at the core of these programs. 
The spacecraft software team is building highly reliable in-space networks, designing secure systems to guarantee access to space, and creating autonomous satellite operation systems, and more. Aerospace experience is not required to be successful here - we want our engineers to bring fresh ideas from all areas, love solving problems, and seek to make an impact on an inspiring mission. As we expand this team, were looking for versatile, driven, and collaborative engineers. 
Our team is involved in designing the vehicle systems at every phase of development. We build tools that enable us to work more efficiently, and that help us build software systems that are secure, reliable, and autonomous. Our software engineers are responsible for the life cycle of the software they create, including development, testing, and operational support.  
An active Top Secret security clearance, or ability to obtain one, is desired but not required.  
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Deliver highly reliable firmware for SpaceX designed hardware
Work with engineers across the department to develop new products, from prototype through production and flight
Take ownership of your firmware products, including verification testing and writing documentation
Follow the SpaceX flight software development process and write great firmware for manned spaceflight

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

5 years of professional software development experience and a Bachelors degree in computer science, electrical engineering, math or other STEM discipline; OR 7 years experience in software development in lieu of a degree
2 years experience developing for FPGA platforms 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years of experience writing firmware in VHDL
2 years developing firmware for Xilinx FPGA platforms using the Xilinx toolchain
Experience with high speed serial links, including GbE, PCI-E or similar
Experience developing and testing high reliability, safety critical, and fault tolerant systems
Hardware debug experience, including familiarity with tools such as the oscilloscope, logic analyzer, protocol analyzer (SPI, CAN, Ethernet or similar)
2 years developing software for embedded systems in C or C, or significant experience in another software language
Familiar with common electronic components and comfortable reading circuit design schematics and contributing to hardware design discussions
Excellent leadership, communication and teamwork skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available to work extended hours and weekends as needed to meet critical deadlines 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 
Pay Range:
FPGA Engineer Senior: 160,000.00 - 220,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.   

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.