SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PROPULSION ENGINEER (RAPTOR COMBUSTION DEVICES)
The Propulsion Engineer role is responsible for owning the development, production, and operation of the engine ignition system, transients sequences, and associated combustion devices hardware needed to successfully start and shut down the engine in all phases of flight. You will drive all necessary work to effectively and safely develop, operate, and fly (and re-fly) your hardware and sequences on the most advanced, full-flow staged combustion engine boosting the largest launch vehicle in history.
 RESPONSIBILITIES:

Own design, analysis, development, sequencing, and flight operations tasks for Raptor ignition and transients
Own the success of hardware design and requirements, delivery of production at target throughput rates, and reliable engine operation from startup to mainstage to shutdown
Coordinate with peers through informal leadership and self-directed organization to achieve goals. Assign clear responsibilities and hold teammates accountable for execution
Collaborate with engineers and technicians from all disciplines, including production, development test, launch, vehicle, GNC (guidance, navigation  control), flight and ground software, flight reliability, and more to develop hardware and transient sequences that meet high-level engine and vehicle objectives
Identify, organize, and drive hardware design and sequence changes related to departmental priorities such as simplification, reliability, performance, and optimizing for success of the vehicle architecture
Establish requirements for hardware and engine transients and work with other responsible engineers to ensure interfacing systems meet requirements and vice versa
Develop test requirements and participate in test operations to develop hardware and processes to accept engines for flight
Develop test plans for development objectives, review data, and provide hardware or sequence troubleshooting recommendations. Communicate results of the tests to impacted systems
Perform data review of test and flight operations, analyze trends from engine test history, provide operational limits, and make critical gono-go calls
Enable high launch cadence through automated analysis of test and flight data via coding
Develop and understand fluid and combustion transients as related to engine operation through testing and modeling
Develop an understanding of the integrated engine system and how hardware and sequence changes propagate to the vehicle and to the mission

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
1 years experience with engineering programming and data review tools (Python, MATLAB, Winplot or similar)
1 years experience working with rocket or jet engine hardware or high-pressure fluid systems in a design, manufacturing, analysis, or test capacity

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in mechanical engineering or aeronauticalastronautical engineering
2 years of professional or academic experience working with jet or rocket engines or other high-pressure fluid systems
Demonstrable proficiency in the basic principles of compressible and incompressible flow, thermodynamics, thermochemistry, mechanics, fluid and combustion transients, and materials
Experience analyzing engine transients behavior or designing engine startup and shutdown sequences
Experience analyzing test data and making technical decisions and change recommendations based on findings
Demonstrated effective communication and collaboration across multiple groups
Analyticalscientific programming experience (Python, MATLAB, CC, Excel, etc.)
Experience with systems-level engine modeling (lumped parameter fluids modeling, ROCETS, etc.)
Experience designing for manufacturing and implementing designs into manufacturing process, including troubleshooting and iterating designs based on downstream feedback
Demonstrated ability to act with good engineering judgment and execute high quality work in a technical environment on tight timelines and aggressive schedules
Demonstrated ability to provide and concisely communicate technically-sound information in high-pressure situations
Demonstrated ability to organize and motivate a team of peers to achieve program goals
Self-motivated to solve complex problems
Great attitude in the face of extreme challenges

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing to travel in support of test and launch operations
Willingness to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Level I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.