SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
QUALITY INSPECTOR (VALVES)
Our quality inspectors are responsible for being the last line of defense in assuring mission success. You will perform in-process and end-of-line inspections to verify that all key performance and design characteristics are met or exceeded during flight hardware manufacturing. You will be working hands on with the most cutting edge rocket technology currently available and will be part of history. This position will be supporting the Quality Inspection team at the SpaceX valve factory, which is responsible for the most critical components of our Dragon and Falcon programs.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Provide detailed in-process inspections on flight hardware, using detailed drawing, CAD models, and established processes to verify conformance to design requirements.
Document production and test anomalies in accordance with prescribed procedures and processes.
Communicate and help resolve quality related issues as they relate to the site and other SpaceX locations.
Process non-conforming product and assist engineering in root cause analysis and corrective action.
Routinely observe technical operations and offer guidance andor serve as an additional technical resource.
Evaluate manufacturing compliance to NASA and customer, as well as internal, specifications to meet launch and mission requirements.
Perform other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment. 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate.
2 years of inspection experience in an aerospace, military or manufacturing environment.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience with aerospace standards.
Experience using calibrated inspection tools.
Experience with assembling and testing manufactured hardware.
Experience with quality assurance principles, methods, and processes.
Intermediate level skill with Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook).
Intermediate level skill with Windows operating systems. 

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, andor weekends as needed. 2nd shift: 3:30 PM - 2:00 AM.
Must be able to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted.
Must be willing to travel up to 10.
Must be able to climb ladders, stoop, bend, crawl, and work in tight spaces.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Quality InspectorLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour    Quality InspectorLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour    Quality InspectorLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.    ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.   

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. 
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.