SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. MANAGER, SOFTWARE ENGINEERING (STARLINK E-COMMERCE PLATFORM)
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to nearly 2M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that glues the system together, and the customer facing experiences that allow us to sell our service global. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help us deliver an e-commerce platform that will allow us to bring Starlink around the world.
As Sr. Software Manager of the Consumer Platform team, youd be managing a team of 20 engineers distributed across Redmond, WA, Hawthorne, CA, and Sunnyvale, CA working on building Starlinks global e-commerce platform. Youll be responsible for a highly scalable web platform that facilitates payments, fulfillment, customer support, enterprise sales, as well as the customer-facing experience using our service. You will work closely with a mix of both external customers and internal partners across many disciplines to enable global growth and define the strategy of the Starlink business. Were looking for someone whos able to write code and drive good architectural decisions to make the greatest internet service provider in the world.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Manage a team of software engineers that are responsible for execution across multiple disciplines and subsystems.
Provide strong technical leadership with a focus on excellence and execution.
Manage overall product roadmap, including the development of the global e-commerce platform that runs the Starlink business.
Drive all aspects of the program, including architecture, development, and delivery.
Hire and mentor software engineers and leaders to build a strong team that can deliver results on schedule.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering, math, or other STEM discipline.
6 years of professional experience in software engineering.
2 years of software engineering management experience overseeing a team of software engineers.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Hands-on experience developing in C, Angular, andor Typescript.
3 years of engineering management experience.
5 years of experience in developing and delivering robust and scalable software applications.
Hands-on experience building an e-commerce platform and collecting payments globally.
Excellent mentorship, communication, and teamwork skills.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to travel (approximately 20 of the time) domestically and internationally in the future when needed.
Must be available to work extended hours and weekends if needed to meet critical deadlines.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Sr. Manager, Software Engineering: 210,000.00 - 270,000.00per year        
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.          
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 