SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
RF ENGINEER (STARSHIELD)
Starshield leverages SpaceXs Starlink technology and launch capability to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads. As an RF engineer on the Starshield team, you will be working on advanced development programs in support of US National Security. You will work with a team of fellow RF engineers, DSP engineers, software engineers, hardware engineers and end users to design and build RF capabilities for proliferated communications and remote sensing in low earth orbit. You will work in a highly collaborative and fast-paced environment, where we are exploring unsolved problems and applying the SpaceX mindset of iterating rapidly to go from design and demo to operational capability at lightning pace.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Drive program-level decisions on RF system designs
Research novel solutions for unique large-scale satellite RF systems
Work in close collaboration with hardware, FPGA, DSP, and software engineers to design and validate RF systems
Responsible for development and full life cycle support of RF hardware spanning PCBA board testing and defect detection, full functional testing of an assembled unit, and resolving on-orbit vehicle anomalies
Create electromagnetic simulation models of hardware (antennas, filters, PCB layout) to design and evaluate performance
Modify electrical schematics and mechanical drawings for flight applications as they relate to reliability and manufacturability

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer engineering, or electrical engineering
1 years of experience RF engineering
Experience with modelinganalysis toolssoftware such as HFSS, CST, ADS, MATLAB, CC, andor Python
Experience with RF test equipment such as VNA, spectrum analyzer, etc.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in electrical engineering with emphasis in microwaveRF engineering
1 years of professional experience in a relevant field
Experience modeling RF and channel impairments such as multipath, phase noise, group delay, fading and nonlinear distortion
Experience designing RF systems including radio astronomy, SIGINT, ELINT, radar, or wireless communications
Experience with basic principles of antenna theory
Experience with software-defined radios and frameworks, such as GNU Radio
Understanding of link budgets and analysis related to communications and remote sensing systems
Active Top Secret or Top Secret SCI clearance, or ability to obtain one desired but not required

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

An active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions; if so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing
Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    RF EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    RF EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.