SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MECHANICAL ENGINEER (DRAGON)
A Dragon Mechanical Engineer is responsible for the continued development of critical components and the overall structural design of the most advanced human-rated spacecraft in the world. This capsule currently delivers cargo and crew safely to and from International Space Station, but further iterations and new designs will likely be necessary to extend humankinds reach to the moon, Mars, and beyond.  
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Own the design and development of mechanical spacecraft systems
Perform analysis on designs including hand calculations, FEA, and CAD in a rapidly changing environment
Lead design reviews internally and externally with suppliers and customers
Be responsible for project delivery timeline from early design through production, launch, and recovery
Exemplify technical excellence and be accountable for your work

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical engineering, aerospace engineering, or physics
1 years experience with CAD and FEA software packages (internship and extracurricular experience is applicable)
1 years of hands on experience driving the design and development of mechanical components or systems (internship and project team experience is applicable)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Leadership experience on an engineering or project team
Experience designing components on a high-performance vehicle
Exceptional written and verbal communication with an emphasis on interpersonal and organizational skills
Strong ability to use data and analysis to make fast data driven decisions
Willingness and desire to exemplify extreme ownership of flight critical spacecraft systems
Proactive problem-solving skills such as failure analysis, root cause investigation, and DOE creation
Prior experience in a fast-paced manufacturing setting
Masters degree in an engineering discipline

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed
Ability to travel to remote sites in Texas, Florida, and Central California as needed
Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Mechanical EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    Mechanical EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.