SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
HARNESS DESIGN ENGINEER (STARLINK)
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 2M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe.
 
As a Harness Design Engineer on the Starlink team, you will own harness design from concept and component selection, through to production, qualification, and system integration. This exciting multidisciplinary roles will give you unparalleled exposure to the overall high-level productvehicle you work on.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Develop the electro-mechanical design of wire harnesses within our family of Starlink vehicles
Develop harness design solutions within a 3D NX CAD environment, and manage technical trade studies to meet stakeholder objectives as well as adhere to internal design standards and requirements
Generate electrical schematics to support both flight and qualification designs
Own vehicle-level harnessing mechanical assemblies and drive to closure all systems integration trades related to those assemblies
Perform analysis and physical testing (both mechanical and electrical) of harnessing with respect to thermal, loads, vibration and shock to ensure full qualification for flight
Document and communicate the design, analysis and testing results thoroughly and clearly via design reviews
Create and release on schedule, appropriate harnessing manufacturing documentation and drawings
Interface with harness production and integration teams to ensure final harness designs can be produced and installed on schedule in accordance with overall project goals
Perform RD investigations and trade studies to push wire harness design to new boundaries in terms of mass and cost savings

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
Experience with CAD and FEA software packages 
1 years of experience with mechanicalelectromechanical design, analysis, testing, andor manufacturing (internship and extracurricular experience is applicable)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Proficiency with Siemens NX and Teamcenter
Experience with wire harness 3D design, wire harness installation drawings and formboard creation, wiring diagrams, 3D modeling of complex top-level assemblies, 3D modeling and analysis of avionics enclosures and secondary structure
2 years of hands-on project experience with complex mechanical systems, preferably as a team lead
Strong teamwork skills with a proven ability to effectively interact and collaborate with other engineering disciplines and excellent attention to detail
Demonstrated understanding of structural analysis and failure modes of complex mechanical systems
Prior ownership of a complex component or assembly from initial design through high-volume production ramp
Self-motivated with strong organizational, written, and oral communication skills 

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:



Ability to work long hours and weekends as necessary to support critical milestones 
Willing to travel up to 30 of the time



COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              
Pay range:    Harness Design EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    Harness Design EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year    Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  



SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. 


Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 
