SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
LAUNCH PAD TECHNICIAN
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Fabricate and install fluid system components from a schematic or engineering drawing, including but not limited to:

Ball valves
Check valves
Pressure regulators
Pressure gauges


Troubleshoot operational issues found during activation of fluid and mechanical systems
Operate heavy machinery including forklifts and aerial platforms
Work with a team of technician and engineers to ensure every system is built with the highest level of quality to support 100 successful launch of a multi-million dollar launch vehicle
Provide daily support to the launch fluids team
Assist other technicians during launches with vehicle roll out, launch procedures, and post launch securing
Assist fluids technicians during post launch pad refurbishments and modifications

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of professional experience using power tools

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Associate degree in aerospace technology or equivalent area of study
Experience working at a rocket launch facility and supporting launch campaigns
Experience maintaining and troubleshooting complex fluid and mechanical systems
Experience maintaining a propulsion test stand in the aerospace industry
Military aviation experience as a propulsion or airframe technician
Experience with orbital or structural welding
Machining and metal fabrication experience
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office ( Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook)
Experience with mechanical repairs and troubleshooting
Experience with pneumatichydraulic system fabrication
SpaceTEC certification
Experience with engine and transmission rebuilds
Familiarity with calibrated measuring instruments
Experience using heavy equipment, including but not limited to, overhead cranes, forklifts and manlifts
Commercial Drivers license (CDL)
Experience with car, truck and heavy industrial preventative maintenance
Ability to read, understand and follow detailed schematics, drawings, and instructions

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Flight hardware is typically built in tight quarters and physical dexterity is required
Ability to work at elevated heights (up to 300ft)
Periodic work in extreme outdoor environments: heat, cold, wind, rain 
Work hours depend on site priorities and may require extended hours; flexibility required
Ability to work day shift (6AM - 6PM) or night shift (6PM  6AM)

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:Pay range:Launch Pad TechnicianLevel 1: 18.00hourLaunch Pad TechnicianLevel 2: 23.00hourLaunch Pad TechnicianLevel 3: 28.00hourYour actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.