SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.EMPLOYMENT COUNSEL
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Work closely with Human Resources and senior management to develop and implement policies and procedures and advise on employment matters affecting the Company
Advise on employment separation matters
Assist with OFCCP compliance, including development of annual Affirmative Action Plans and periodic OFCCP compliance evaluations
Provide legal support to recruiting, benefits and compensation personnel, including assessing background checks and reviewing job descriptions
Monitor labor, employment and benefits law developments and advise HR and management of recommended changes to Company policies;
Assist with immigration-related matters for the organization
Assist with the reviewupdate of personnel policies
Manage other projects as required or assigned

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Juris doctor and membership in at least one state bar in U.S.
3 years of employment law experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Excellent academic record at top tier law school
Relevant experience with a major law firm or corporation
Experience with AAP preparation andor OFCCP compliance evaluations
Experience counseling clients with significant domestic manufacturing operations
Experience counseling clients with significant international operations
Experience with California employment law
Demonstrated skill in providing legal training to business team members (both course development and presentation)
Ability to communicate in clear, concise manner
Capacity to focus on diverse projects with rapidly changing priorities
Strong problem solving skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Must be willing to travel up to 10 of the time
This is not a remote position and will require relocation if not already local to the LAHawthorne, CA area

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Employment Counsel: 190,000.00 - 230,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 
 