SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
CNC MACHINIST
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Set up and operate multi-axis CNC Mills up to 5-axis
Inspect parts using hand tool to verify dimensions
Complete machining operations from blueprints, drawings andor verbal instructions
Work with complex, tight tolerance parts and various materials
Meet expectations for productivity
Communicate with shop leadership when production is inhibited
Continuously provide feedback for process improvement

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
3 years of experience in set up, operation andor programming of CNC mill
Read and understand blueprints, GDT, notes and tolerances

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Understand basic G-Code and comfortable making adjustment to feedspeed
Ability to use hand inspection tools to check machined features
Familiar with multiple machine control, OSP, Fanuc, and Siemens
Experience working with various material, such as Inconel, stainless steel, copper, titanium
Ability to read and work off of a blueprint

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, andor weekends as needed
Ability to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Ability to stand for extended periods - 8 hours min
Ability to stoop, bend, crawl, and being able to maneuver in tight spaces
Repetitive movement, bending or twisting, using hands to handle, control, or feel objects, tools or controls, exposure to sounds and noise levels that are distracting

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:    CNC Machinist Level 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour    CNC Machinist Level 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour    CNC Machinist Level 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.