SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
QUALITY INSPECTOR (AVIONICS)
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Provide in-process inspection and final verification of production hardware to drawing, process specifications, and work order requirements supporting multiple avionics assembly and testing work centers
Identify, document, and resolve production and test anomalies in accordance with prescribed procedures; pursue corrective action as required
Interface with engineering and production to resolve nonconforming material issues
Perform other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment
Read, interpret, and work from freeform drawings, controlled documentation, and processes
Independently perform verifications and document results in a clear, precise, and complete manner

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of inspection experience in an aerospace, aviation, military or manufacturing environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Associate degree
Strong communication skills with ability to articulate aerospace hardware and systems problems to technical professionals to initiate resolutions
Experience reading and interpreting design drawings and CAD models
Substantial knowledge of the control of nonconforming hardware, failureroot cause analysis, corrective and preventive action processes
Knowledgeable with ISO 9001AS9100 quality management systems
Experience inspecting solder, crimping, conformal coating, staking, and surface mounted devices accordance with NASA 8739 andor IPC-J-STD-001, IPC-A-610 standards
Wire harness experience in accordance with NASA-STD-8739.3 and 8739.4 andor IPC-A-620 standards
Experience with performing electronic testing and inspection using portable measuring devices
Proficient with computers with ability to use MS Office Suite and shop floor management software (ERP)
Ability to work independently with a strong work ethic, be innovative, detail oriented, possess initiative, and team oriented

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work overtime and weekends as needed
Must be able to work variable work shifts dependent upon production demands
Must be able to lift 25 lbs. unassisted, stoop, bend, crawl and being able to maneuver in tight spaces

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Quality InspectorLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour    Quality InspectorLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour    Quality InspectorLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour      
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.