SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
DYNAMICS ENGINEER (STARSHIP)
The Starship Dynamics team is responsible for induced vehicle environments, system dynamics and vehicle dynamics on the Starship and HLS vehicles. The dynamics group is focused on defining forcing functions acting on the vehicle, predicting vehicle and system response, and ensuring hardware is qualified for ground testing and flight. The group has a wide range of responsibilities that include structural dynamics, fluid system dynamics, engine dynamics and multibody dynamics. Dynamics engineers are expected to have a strong intuition of physics first principles, the frequency domain and a broad range of engineering disciplines, in addition to having solid software and analytical skills. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Resolve dynamics problems through analysis, test and the use of flight data
Build finite element and lumped element models of launch vehicle systems
Execute dynamic testing from start-to-finish (pre-test analysis, sensor selection  installation, testing, data analysis, signal processing and model correlation)
Own system level analysis and drive hardware modifications or vehicle operations across vehicle engineering teams
Perform analyses using commercial and in-house codes as well as write new code

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
1 years of experience with structural or fluid dynamics via full-time employment, outside the classroom projects, or lab work

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Hands-on experience either analyzing data or building hardware
Experience with fluid system modeling and structural-fluid coupling pogo problems
Experience with NASTRAN (knowledge of DMAP programming a plus)
Experience with turbomachinery and combustion dynamics
Experience with vibration and shock testing
Experience with finite element modeling
Experience with solving ordinary differential equations
Working knowledge of structural analysis and test, including a fundamental understanding of strength, stability and fatigue failure mechanisms
Experience with data processing and analysis in Python and MATLAB

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Position may require extended work hours and weekend work

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Dynamics Engineer Level I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    Dynamics Engineer Level II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
