


SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MELT TECHNICIAN (HIGH PRESSURE DIE CASTING)
As a Melt Technician, you will play a crucial role in operating die cast stack melting machines and maintaining a steady flow of molten metal to the high pressure die casting machines during production. You will apply your technical skills to perform metal treatments and testing to ensure the casting quality. You will work with the highest caliber process and equipment engineering teams to improve equipment reliability and minimize or eliminate downtime. This is a physically demanding job handling very hot molten material, requiring lifting up to 25lbs, walking and standing all day, and transporting molten metal crucibles to the production area with the forklifts.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Monitoring furnace levels on the High Pressure Die Cast floor
Degassing and treating molten alloy in transfer ladles
Returning gates, runners, and other scrap back to the breakdown furnaces
Keep breakdown furnaces with a steady flow of metal for melting
Perform daily, weekly, and monthly furnace cleanings and routine maintenance
Collaborate with internal and external teams during preventative maintenance and repairs on the furnaces
Collect test specimens and complete metal quality test
Aid in continuous improvement by performing experiments and collecting data in collaboration with the broader HPDC team
Skim slag from the surface of molten metal
Measuring out the correct amount of material for loading into the furnace
Ensure the work area is clean and safe for operation
Notify supervisor with any issue with the melting equipment or if the equipment is not functioning correctly
Able to drive a forklift and deliver metal to holding furnaces
Properly document and log work completed in internal system

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of operating a forklift
1 years of experience within a production, foundry or high pressure die casting environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years of experience of material handling experience with raw materials
Verbal and written communication skills (able to understand and record machine  maintenance procedures, shift pass downs, etc.)
Detailed oriented with strong record keeping skills and organizational skills
Experience with metal quality testing such as reduced pressure testing and spectrographic specimen collection
Experience with data entry and Microsoft office tools such as Excel
Basic understanding of maintaining and using control charts
Experience with refractory and ceramic materials
Basic welding and fabrication skills
Ability to proactively troubleshoot problems
Knowledge of lean manufacturing and 5S principles

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work overtime andor weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines

Estimated start time: 1st shift: 5:00 AM


Must be able to lift up to 25 lbs
Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Must be willing to work in a hot work environment

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:        
Melt TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour        
Melt TechnicianLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour        
Melt TechnicianLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.


