SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SOURCING MANAGER (STARSHIP)
The SpaceX supply chain department is a critical player in enabling Starships mission. To capitalize on SpaceXs technological and market changing successes, our team will be part of managing an agile yet robust supply chain that will enable a competitive advantage for the company. The functions within the department include procurement, planning and fulfillment, supplier development and quality, logistics and inventory. SpaceX supply chain will play a key role in enabling SpaceX to meet the ambitious growth targets and greatly contribute in making us a multi-planetary species.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Analyze supplier spend, capacity, and develop overall supplier negotiation and engagement strategies. Implement sustainable cost controls and develop cost reduction improvement plans with suppliers
Ensure work centers are clear to build on time and that lineside health is meeting specifications like sensible minmaxreorder-points that are aligned to the MRP Demand plan
Have extreme ownership of the work center material health overall working closely with production counterparts and engineering to stay on top of start and finish dates, cycle times
Manage production process or design change cut-ins etc.
Solve problems to recover from late breaking changes or shortages. Ensure that the production reality (work center cycle time) is supported by a credible and well-thought out inventory demand-supply plan (vehicle exit rate)
Lead complex outsourcing and cross functional projects
Negotiate high value contracts and independently negotiate contract terminology, pricing, technical requirements, scope, and terms involving responsibility, liability, indemnification, and intellectual property with suppliers
Interpret the conditions and terms of contracts including fiscal and legal implications and advises management on all significant procedures and regulations affecting the contract
Act as liaison with external and internal customers on all matters affecting contractual agreements
Develop and lead commodity strategies for sheet metal, raw material, machined parts, Hardware, and other Aerospace components from cradle to grave
Be the go to resource for engineering, supply chain, manufacturing, and new product introduction teams when determining best value suppliers, NPI sourcing plans, make vs. buy, should cost, buy complete strategies, and lead times, etc.
Proactively investigate new market trends, supplier roadmaps, and collaborate with engineering on best path from a technology, cost, and supply standpoint
Drive design for manufacturability reviews with support from supplier quality and engineering. Champion value-add and value engineering projects to improve part quality and reduce cost
Mitigate solesingle source risk and ensure continuity of supply. Champion supplier discovery and visit suppliers facilities to accurately assess technical capability, equipment, and capacity
Proactively update SpaceX management and engineering teams on all critical supply issues
Develop and maintain strong supplier relationships
Execute MRP planning messages for production parts including RFQ and PO placements
Resolve purchase order discrepancies and invoice issues
Analyze procurement data and report metrics, produce reports with findings
Ensure compliance with all company policies and procedures and government regulations

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Advanced degree and 3 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or bachelors degree and 5 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or 9 years of experience working in one or more of the following:

Engineering
Purchasing
Contract negotiation
Material or production planning
Operations or supply chain management
Material cost control
Master production scheduling



PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Technical procurement, manufacturing, and vendor management experience
Experience reading datasheets, drawings, and blueprints
Proven track record of leadership and team building skills
Strong vendor management experience
Experience with contract negotiation
Experience in production purchasing
Exceptional analytical, problem solving, and organizational skills
Knowledge and skills in current technologies and applications (e.g. MS Office Suite, SQL, Access, etc.)
Effective written, verbal, and presentation communication skills
Ability to learn quickly and prioritize appropriately to meet customer and company needs
Excellent customer service skills
Ability to learn quickly and prioritize appropriately to meet customer and company needs
Detail-oriented, self-motivated, and able to respond quickly to a fast-moving and ever-changing environment
Conducts all activities with the highest levels of integrity

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to travel - up to 35 work week travel may be required, including international travel
Must be able to work extended hours andor weekends as needed to meet major milestones
This position is based in Brownsville, TX and requires being onsite - remote work not considered

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay Range:    Sourcing Manager: 110,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.   
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.