SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
QUALITY INSPECTOR (FALCON)
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Provide detailed in-process inspections on electrical and mechanical assemblies, using detailed drawings, CAD models, and established processes to verify conformance to design requirements
Identify, document, and resolve production and test anomalies in accordance with prescribed procedures and pursue corrective action as required
Communicate and help resolve quality related issues as they relate to the propulsion assembly department
Document production non-conformances in accordance with prescribed procedures and processes as required
Support quality management system policies and procedure documentation, assess compliance to company and industry standards, initiate and lead continual improvement and lean manufacturing initiatives

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of inspection experience in an aerospace, aviation, military or manufacturing environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Degree in a technical or engineering field
Experience working with aerospace propulsion assembly installation and testing processes and procedures
Experience working with material review board and root causecorrective action systems
Self-motivated, proactive, and capable of managing priorities and tasks as delegated
Experience with performing electronic testing and inspections using portable measuring devices
Strong understanding of safety programs and OSHA regulations and requirements
Practical experience working within quality management systems (AS9100 and ISO 9001)
Airframe  Powerplant license (AP)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, andor weekends as needed.
Shift times: 1st shift (5:00AM  3:30PM), 2nd shift: (3:30PM  2:00AM)
Must be able to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Must be willing to travel up to 10
Must be able to climb ladders, stoop, bend, crawl, and work in tight spaces

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Quality InspectorLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hourQuality InspectorLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hourQuality InspectorLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.