SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MISSION INTEGRATION ENGINEER (STARSHIELD)
Starshield leverages SpaceXs Starlink technology and launch capability to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads.
As a member of our Mission Management team, you will serve as a core point of contact for customers from early capabilities studies through successful launch and on-orbit activation. Youll support new business proposals from initial requirements verification through mission design, prototype development, and test. Youd work within a team of other Mission Integration Engineers and Mission Managers, on the same program and across related efforts, to ensure total alignment of your work. You would also work closely with disciplines across SpaceX such as vehicle engineering, software, flight reliability, payload integration, and launch operations to ensure safe and successful mission completion.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Serve as the customer interface at meetings, tests, and reviews to develop operations plans, design missions, and verify payload flightworthiness.
Ensure contract deliverables are completed on-time and per customer expectations, distill customer requirements into actionable development objectives.
Work with all internal and external stakeholders to drive prototype development. Collaborate with subsystem representatives across team boundaries to consider all necessary trades and ensure end-to-end mission success.
Support all phases of the program from development, initial proposal, through successful test, flight, and on-orbit commissioning. This will include educating the customer on our designs and methodologies.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline.
2 years of experience working in the aerospace or space industry.
2 years of technical project management andor systems engineering experience.
Experience working with launch vehicles, spacecraft, or other aerospace systems.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Demonstrated ability to work under pressure and deliver reliable and expeditious results across multiple parallel priorities.
Highly detail oriented, hardworking, and professional with excellent written and verbal technical communication skills.
Spacecraft mission design, development, integration, andor test experience.
Strong penchant for innovation in process improvement and system design. 
Positive, can-do attitude, self-starter, and ability to work in a high pace dynamic environment.
Strong analytical, verbal, and written skills.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Active Top Secret or Top Secret SCI clearance preferred. Must be willing to pursue a clearance if not already cleared. Note that an active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions. If so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing.
Must pass DoD level background checks for entry into various government facilities.
Ability to travel up to 25 of the time.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
Pay Range:    
Mission Integration EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year.  
Mission Integration EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year.      
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.


SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.