SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
INTEGRATION AND TEST ENGINEER, ENTERPRISE AND GOVERNMENT (STARLINK)
You will be tasked to own test software, test equipment, integrated testing of electrical and network systems, and be a technical resource for fellow engineering, specialist and technician colleagues. You will be responsible for developing, validating and maintaining high-reliability, high-performing enterprise network solutions for Starlink.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Design, activate, and operate test hardware and equipment to evaluate component and system performance for various mobility network applications, including:

Aviation
Automotive
Maritime
Locomotive
Commercial
Ground equipment


Troubleshoot hardware issues real-time, push feedback to correct owners to eliminate repeat issues
Aid in investigations and root-cause analysis of any non-conformances, and work with responsible engineers to develop test requirements for flight hardware, driving hardware and system design improvements
Work with teams across disciplines including electrical, mechanical, and software engineers to conceptualize and develop test systems required to test Starlink hardware
Create and modify software applications to run data acquisition and control systems

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
1 years of hands-on engineering experience in design, engineering analysis, andor build (design teams and previous internships apply)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in an engineering discipline
Experience working in computer networking or network engineering
Experience with integration and testing of mechanical, electrical, network or RF systems and measurement techniques to verify and validate product requirements
Experience developing automation, object-oriented software in Python or other languages
Experience interpreting, reading or creating mechanical drawings or fluids, electrical or circuit schematics
Creative problem solver that can bring multiple disciplines together with ability to assess risk, make design and development decisions without all available data
Systems engineering experience, ability to identify potential weak-points in mechanical- and electrical-system architectures, isolate hardware failures, and drive resolution on an abbreviated timescale
Ability to work in a fast-paced, autonomously-driven, and demanding atmosphere

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed
Must be willing to travel in support of build out, integration and triage activities; travel requirement is up to 15
Must be able to lift up to 25lbs. unassisted


COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              


Pay range:     Mechanical EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year     Mechanical EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year     


Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience. 


Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year. 

ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. 
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 