SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SOURCING SPECIALIST (STARLINK)
One of the most ambitious missions that SpaceX has undertaken to date, the Starlink constellation is our solution to providing reliable internet to the entire world. The Starlink Supply Chain Department is a critical player in our operations. To capitalize on our technical and market success, our team will execute large-scale projects that will define the bottom-line for the company. The functions within the department include procurement, planning and fulfillment, supplier development and quality, logistics and inventory.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Create sourcing strategies to reduce risk, enable continuous cost reduction and align with company strategy on payment terms, cash targets, on time delivery and cost savings
Build genuine relationships both internally and externally and drive cross-functional teams to achieve consensus regarding the opportunities
Source and onboard new suppliers to serve dynamic program with rapidly evolving business needs
Work with supply base to ensure support from vendors regarding setup, installation, repairs and maintenance.
Utilize negotiations to maximize value, cost savings and priority in terms of delivery for SpaceX while lowering risk
Execute purchase orders and manage escalation process for purchase to pay issues
Work directly with key internal stakeholders to develop and implement sourcing and cost management strategies that support capital purchases and production consumables
Understand the technical aspects of equipmentstations in our factories to identify opportunities for costspaceprocess optimization and use data analytics to identify and parse process related opportunities
Conduct research, perform benchmarking, and gather market analysis for assigned categories
Communicate overall equipment status to the management team including schedules, risks and mitigation actions and respond quickly to changes to the overall goals, schedule, andor architecture

 BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree or 4 years of experience working in a supply chain, production, or engineering function

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years of experience working in procurement, operations, or buying function supporting manufacturing entities
Knowledge of active, passive, and electro-mechanical components 
Capable of work hand in hand with engineering, production and vendors to design and implement the sourcing strategy to bring the equipment in house
Experience in product development (EVT), new product introduction (NPI) and mass production (MP)
Ability to hold supplier accountable to commitments made
Ability to mine data from our in-house ERP using Excel, SQL and Power BI to enable decision making
Effective written, verbal and presentation communication skills
Ability to learn quickly and prioritize appropriately to meet customer and company needs.
Excellent customer service skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to work extended hours and weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines
Ability to travel and communicate outside of work hours across multiple time zones
Ability to travel: up to 20 - 50 of work week

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:
Sourcing SpecialistLevel I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 