SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE SPECIALIST
The Accounts Payable Specialist is a key member of the finance organization and is responsible for processing financial transactions for the company.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Process a high volume of vendor invoices
Match invoices to purchase orders and receipts and the resolution of any discrepancies
Review invoices for appropriate documentation and approval prior to payment
Respond to external vendors and internal managers in regard to all aspects of the accounts payable process
Contribute to departmental automation and process improvement projects
Reconcile vendor statements, research, and correct discrepancies

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree
1 years of accounts payable, finance, andor operations experience (internship experience qualifies)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Strong interest in automation and process improvement
Experience with Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Dynamics 365 (or other ERP accounting systems)
Experience with SQL
Experience with processing payments to international vendors in foreign currencies and languages (including Spanish)
Ability to work independently and with a team in a fast-paced, high-volume environment
Exceptional organizational skills, meticulous attention to detail, and the ability to adapt quickly to new situations
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to interact at all levels of the organization

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

This position requires the ability to work overtime when needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:                 
Pay Range:    
Accounts Payable SpecialistLevel 1: 27.00hour  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.         
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 