SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.PROPULSION ENGINEER, FOUNDRY (RAPTOR)As a Raptor engineer at SpaceX you will have the opportunity to apply your knowledge, experience, and creativity to develop hardware at the cutting edge of space technology. You will build the engines that will ultimately extend humanitys reach beyond the earth and moon.  In this role, you will be responsible for casting design, development, and production in the Raptor foundry. RESPONSIBILITIES:Own parts and processes in the Raptor foundry operation.Work closely with shop floor team on production process improvement projects to increase throughput, improve quality, and reduce cost. Lead routine process walks and root cause investigations to identify and quickly resolve production issues.Utilize design for manufacturability (DFM) principles and work closely with design engineers to reduce cost on new and existing investment cast parts.Apply first principles and utilize simulation software to develop and iterate gating designs for investment cast parts.Manage the development and control of foundry equipment.  Including large-format 3D printers, robotic shelling systems, vacuum induction melting furnaces, and other heavy machinery.Develop and maintain systems to efficiently collect and analyze process data while minimizing collectionentry burden.Identify and implement safety improvements throughout the foundry.Develop and create standard procedures for novel processing techniques to minimize manufacturing steps and overall work content.Work within an extremely fast paced environment and adapt to evolving design and production challenges.Demonstrate extreme ownership over foundry success: from initial development of new parts to full-rate production.BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline.1 years of professional or internship experience in a manufacturing environment or role.PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:Masters degree in materials, mechanical, aerospace, or manufacturing engineering.2 years of experience in the production of investment castings.Knowledge of metallic manufacturing techniques, processes, equipment and other processes such as: machining, welding, and brazing.Experience with the development of products from RD into production.Process engineering experience including root cause analysis and corrective action management, capacity modeling, process mapping, and line layouts.Strong engineering fundamentals in materials science and metallurgy. CAD experience (NX  Teamcenter is a plus).Geometric dimensioning and tolerancing (GDT) experience.FEA software experience.Software development experience in SQL, Python or C. COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:Pay range:Propulsion EngineerLevel 1: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearPropulsion EngineerLevel 2: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per yearYour actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.ITAR REQUIREMENTS:To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.