SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SUPERVISOR, SPACEPORT OPERATIONS 
The role of Spaceport Operations Supervisor will be to provide the management of the organizations housing accommodations, transportation, site amenities, and customer service. You will help develop and implement effective customer service strategies and training programs. The duties of Spaceport Operations Supervisor will include but are not limited to: coordinating service operations, monitoring and motivating staff, ensuring excellent customer service, engaging with customers, creating and implementing processes to improve the growing operation, ensuring team is current with all mandatory company trainings, scheduling and payroll, interviewing, hiring and onboarding of new staff, setting and upholding customer service principles. The Spaceport Operations Supervisor will support the mission by providing a foundation of understanding for excellent customer service and quality of living and visiting accommodations that boost morale and productivity within SpaceX.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Oversee Spaceport Village operations including strategy and execution leasingtraveler housing program, transportation and amenities
Monitor quality and consistency of Spaceport operations by setting and enforcing standards, inspecting and routinely walking areas of responsibility
Train staff on customer service, anticipating guest needs and problem resolution
Enforce proper safety practices with staff and leads
Coordinate and enhance time management for team
Monitor financial activities for Spaceport operations strategically driving revenue and improving operating costs
Create and maintain in-person and online training materials
Manage performance for Spaceport Operations staff
Assist in all aspects of project implementation to build out Starbase Village as needed, including aesthetic industrial design improvements
Provide campus wide reporting on departmental spend, ticketing, and other metrics as requested
Obtain multiple bids from competing contractors by creating scopes of work
Perform job walk-downs with vendors, engineers, supervisors, and managers
Create RFPOs and assists the buyers with vendor selection
Ensure purchase orders are accurate with no cost over runs
Work closely with Spaceport Development Team, Facilities, Culinary and Hospitality teams

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate 
3 years of leadership experience within the hospitality or transportation industries

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in hospitality
5 years of leadership experience within the hospitality or transportation industries
Experience opening new operations andor creating operational procedures from the ground up
Advanced knowledge of customer service and problem resolution
Experienced with Microsoft Office and Outlook
Excellent communication skills both written and verbal
Excellent knowledge of room inventory, housekeeping processes and guest service
Experience in corporate environment
Proficient knowledge of human resources management
Ability to organize work for large groups in various service formats
Strong time management skills
Experience with high volume, complex multidisciplinary operations
Experience leading groups in large team settings of 10 or more staff members
Experience working in SpaceX Spaceport Operations for 1 years
Eye for aesthetic industrial design
Experience with facilities within an aerospace industry
Familiar with space planning procedures and operations
Ability to create and update RFPOs and facilities work orders in an ERP software
Ability to work effectively in a team environment
Ability to make independent judgments with limited information
Communication skills for relaying data (verbally and in-writing) between other employees, vendors, and customers
Logical and strategic approach to solving problems
Ability to read and understand basic floor plans
Comfortable working in a high-stress environment balancing several projects at any given time, and the flexibility to adjust for abrupt changes in strategic directions

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Ability to stand for long periods of time
Ability to work all shifts and available for overtime and weekends as needed
Must be willing and able to work weekends and non-standard work-week hours

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Supervisor, Spaceport Operations: 70,000.00 - 90,000.00per year  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 