SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today, SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SUPPLY CHAIN ANALYST (STARLINK)
As the Starlink supply base evolves to support commercial scale volumes, we must develop a cohesive quality  delivery system to effectively manage signals from production to drive improvements at the vendor level. We are actively looking for candidates that can help develop and implement system tools that will drive efficiency and improvement across all aspects of our Supply Chain.
This position requires a combination of proven leadership and technical capabilities. The ideal candidate will have a broad understanding of data analytics  supply chain management, with the desire and capability to take on new challenges in unfamiliar areas to help enable our mission to Mars.
 RESPONSIBILITIES:

Create reports, tools, and standardized metrics for operational measurement and improvement, using software such as Microsoft Excel and Power BI
Conduct in-depth analyses through SQL queries and other data analysis methods to dive into problems and identify trends
Work with cross-functional teams to understand current processes and identify systematic gaps
Identify operational inefficiencies and develop the tools and strategy to mitigate business risk
Own system maintenance and data integrity, troubleshooting with other teams as necessary
Help create and maintain data infrastructure upon which other teammates and business partners can build ad-hoc or department specific reporting

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in business, supply chain management, information systems, computer science, or engineering
2 years of experience using SQL in business analysis, product management, applicationssoftware development, or ERP systems support

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience developing and maintaining reports in business intelligence software (Power BI or Tableau)
Experience developing software toolsautomation (Python or object-oriented programming language)
Demonstrated ability to work in ambiguous situations and across organizational boundaries.
Experience extracting and analyzing information out of massive, complex and, in some cases, poorly documented datasets
Understanding of business concepts relating to Supply Chain Operations, Supply Chain Reliability andor product costing (Procurement, Sourcing, Material movementlogistics, Supplier Quality, etc.); Experience with MRP or ERP systems.
Demonstrated ability to gather, clean, analyze and present data to drive systemic improvements
Experience working with version control software (git, SVN)
Full stack web development experience (database design, ORM  business logic, frontend)
Demonstrated history of self-learning  application of newly learned tools  techniques
Experience with sharing information and influencing others across organizational lines, internally and externally
Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to make presentations to team members, internal customers and management
Proficient in Microsoft Office Products, including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.
Ability to work both autonomously and as a team in a highly demanding and fast paced environment; capability to prioritize multiple ongoing projects
Strong track record for achieving results; must be able to reference wins and quantify impact

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Position requires long hours and some nights and weekends when required to meet critical deadlines

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              
Pay range:          Supply Chain AnalystLevel I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per year Supply Chain AnalystLevel II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year              
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.