SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars. 
IT SERVICES TECHNICIAN 
SpaceX is looking for an experienced IT services technician with strong knowledge and experience in world class IT service delivery. Candidates must have experience working in organizations capable of meeting the demanding needs of high caliber engineers and supporting critical operations such as launch and mission operations and 24x7 manufacturing operations. This team delivers the complete life cycle of IT services for the staff at SpaceX, from onboarding and setup, to upgrade, installation, troubleshooting, repair and replacement of hardware and software solutions, asset recovery, and protection. This team also has architectural responsibilities in the areas of end-user computer infrastructure, printing, and conference room technologies. 
The person in this position must have strong overall IT technical skills, while also having excellent customer serviceinteraction skills and superior organizational skills. The ideal candidate will be flexible and flourish in a fast paced and challenging environment. They should be a self-starter and have excellent motivation, leadership, and ingenuity to excel at this position. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Provide 1st and 2nd, and 3rd tier support to SpaceX employees: 

Manage on site inventory and the total lifecycle of IT assets. 
Procure, configure and deploy computer hardware and mobile cellular devices.  
Troubleshoot software and hardware issues, in person and remotely. 
Configure and troubleshoot desktop, label and large multifunction printers.   
Network support and troubleshooting. From device connectivity to VLAN configuration. 
Configure non-traditional network attached devices (production, metrology and test machines) and interface with SpaceX infrastructure.  
Develop new workflows and solutions, working directly with IT engineering groups and other internalexternal resources to resolve complex issues.
Write instructional documentation and convey highly technical ideas in terms that non-technical people can understand.



BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

High school diploma or equivalency certificate.
1 years of professional experience building, deploying and troubleshooting computer systems, hardware, printers, software, and IP networks within an enterprise environment.
Experience supporting Microsoft technologies. 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

Experience supporting Mac iOS and Linux environments.
Technical certifications (i.e. A, Network, MCSE). 
Working knowledge of audio-visual equipment.
Comfortable working with mission critical and sensitive systems, with a sense of urgency appropriate to the responsibilities.
Able to work independently while maintaining patience with the constant interruptions.
Due to the high visibility of this position, excellent written, verbal and phone communications skills. 

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Must be physically fit enough to regularly lift up to 25 lbs. for duties (i.e. delivering computers, unpacking and rack-mounting equipment). 
Must have valid drivers license.
Must be willing to work extended hours, weekends and overtime as needed. 
Must be flexible to work various shift patterns (i.e. early morning to afternoon, or afternoon to later evening). 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
Pay Range: 
IT Services TechnicianLevel 1: 27.00hour    IT Services TechnicianLevel 2: 32.00hour    IT Services TechnicianLevel 3: 36.00hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience. 
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.