SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TEST SPECIALIST (COMPOSITES)
Our rapid growth has created opportunities for Test Specialists to join our Production Test group, supporting testing of components and assemblies of the Falcon and Dragon vehicles. The Production and Test group operates custom test stands and test fixtures, and Test Specialists are responsible for executing and recording results of test procedures developed by SpaceX. Depending on experience and capability, Test Specialist will have an opportunity to undertake a variety of tasks.
RESPONSIBILITIES:  

Working with design engineers to develop and document test procedures 
Perform tests according to procedure 
Maintaining database of test results 
Designing fixtures and adapters needed to perform tests 
Provide Test Technician support for Production Test group 
Setup and checkout of test hardware and instrumentation 
Execute and run tests (static, pressure proof, leak, thermal, etc.) per test plan and document results 

 BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 year of experience with hand tools 
1 year of experience running tests 

 PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

Experience working with actuators and plumbing (HydraulicPneumatic - both set up and operation of these systems) 
Experience working with pressure systems cryogenic (gaseous and liquid) 
Experience working  with hydrostatic systems 
Experience working with electrical components andor systems 
Experience assembling electrical connectors 
Knowledge of strain gage installation 
Experience running tests with Labview is a plus 

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Ability to travel to different sites, as needed: Up to 10 
Must be able to stand for extended periods  8 hours minimum 
Must be able to stoop, bend, crawl, and able to maneuver in tight spaces 
Must be able to work all shift hours, able to work overtime and weekend as needed 
Must be able to lift up to 25lbs. unassisted 
Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:     Pay range:    Test Specialist Level 1: 30.00 - 38.00hour    Test Specialist Level 2: 34.00 - 43.00hour    Test Specialist Level 3: 38.00 - 48.00hour      Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
 ITAR REQUIREMENTS: 

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. 
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 