SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. SOURCING SPECIALIST, RETAIL AND MARKETING
We are a progressive procurement organization pushing the boundaries of traditional procurement reputation and methodologies. We are looking for individuals who can think outside the box to achieve company objectives regarding value and partnerships with our suppliers. Our organization moves quickly, and you must too. SpaceX has the unique ability and desire to influence and shape suppliers to be better with us as we challenge our supply chain on cost, quality and delivery. This individual will support needs such as marketing spend, promotional campaigns, and in-store retail displays.
RESPONSIBILTIES

Develop a robust supply chain for the marketing category focusing on identifying and developing key partners who are able to enable the growth of Starlink.
Create sourcing strategies for assigned categories to reduce risk and meet targets for the purchasing department including, but not limited to, payment terms, cash targets, and cost savings
Monitor and track spend effectiveness and influence business decisions based on data trends
Develop and maintain key internal stakeholder relationships to create strategic sourcing models that optimize the value of products and services that support business unit requirements while maintaining continuous cost reduction programs for controllable expenditures
Conduct research, perform benchmarking, and gather market analysis for assigned categories
Create contract documents in collaboration with the legal department
Understand interrelationships between contracts and terms while applying creativity and sound business reasoning to interpret application of contract to business needs
Negotiate to maximize value and cost savings benefits while lowering risk
Create and implement management programs to develop, continuously improve, manage the performance of, and monitor KPIs of the supply base and effectiveness of marketing campaigns
Place purchase orders and resolve blocked invoices

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree and 4 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or 6years of experience working in one or more of the following:

Engineering
Purchasing
Contract negotiation
Supply chain management



PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Comprehensive understanding of marketing procurement categories
Experience with procuring and launching in-store retail displays with a global footprint
Knowledgeable about the intricacies of global retail markets
Experience with completing transactions over 1 million
Strong contract negotiation and document management skills
Remarkable problem-solving skills with a bias for speed
Quick learner and ability to prioritize appropriately to meet customer and company needs
Excellent customer service skills
Effective written, verbal, and presentation communication skills
Strong technical knowledge and skills in current technologies and applications (e.g. MS OfficeSuite, SQL, PowerBI, etc.)
Ability to conduct all activities with the highest degree of integrity
Detail-oriented, self-motivated and able to respond quickly to a fast-moving and ever-changing environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to work extended hours and weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines
Ability to travel and communicate outside of work hours
Ability to travel up to 20

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              
Pay range:          Sr. Sourcing SpecialistLevel II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year               
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.                
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.