SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
COOK 
Cook is an entry level line cook position for individuals who are familiar with basic cooking principals and techniques, have a firm understanding of all basic food safety principles, and have the ability to identify and utilize all standard cooking equipment. Daily tasks will be focused on food preparation set up, and operation of a station at one of our various food outlets according to leaderships specifications. The cook I position supports SpaceXs success by providing quality food options that boost morale and productivity. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Set up, work, and maintain a clean and safe work station
Complete daily prep tasks
Help the team meet time and quality standards set by supervisor
Cook and plate completed dishes for service
Clean kitchen equipment and workstorage areas

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
Culinary degree or 2 years of experience in the food service industry

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Basic knife skills and knowledge of kitchen equipment
Possession of or willingness to obtain TX food handler card
High level of professionalism
Experience in a corporate environment
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal
Basic computer skills (Microsoft Office, Excel, and Outlook primarily)
Understanding of standard kitchen hierarchy and roles
Understanding of basic cooking methods including sauce making and meat and vegetable preparations
Sound understanding of food safety and sanitation practices
Willingness to learn and take guidance from others

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to carry large heavy items, such as dishes in tubs or trays unassisted (up to 25 lbs.)
Ability to stand for long periods of time  up to 8 hours a day
Ability to work all shifts and available for overtime and weekends, as needed
Ability to perform frequent bending, stooping, and lifting of objects

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    CookLevel 1: 19.00hour    CookLevel 2: 21.00hour    CookLevel 3: 23.00hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.