SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TIG WELDER (BOOSTER)
Tank fabricators will work to build the primary airframe of the Starship and Super Heavy vehicles at the SpaceX South Texas build site. The tank fabricator will work with an elite team of other fabricators and technicians to rapidly build the tank (cylindrical structure), tank bulkheads, and other large associated structures for the flight article design of both vehicles.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

GTAW class A welds; cut, trim, fit and fabricate metal components to dimensions for building and assembling
Collaborate with lead welder to ensure that the proper weld procedure, type of material and rod size are accurately assessed for each welding project
Analyze engineering drawings and specifications to plan welding operations where procedural information is unavailable
Make a continuous effort to improve operations, decrease turnaround times, streamline work processes, and work cooperatively and jointly
Perform other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment
Weld assembly and fabrication of various small to large scale structures and assemblies
Effectively communicate with managementsupervisors, engineering staff and planners to achieve build efficiency
Modify repair, assemble, and install launch vehicles
Check work after completion of each operation in job andor completed job to ensure it is complete per drawing
Handle and dispose of hazardous materials in approved manner
Install and assemble custom and off-the-shelf tooling and machinery for building primary tank structure
Setup of safety equipment and work platforms at elevation
Operate general shop equipment and vehicles (forklifts, boom lifts, scissor lifts, etc.)

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of experience with TIG welding in a manufacturing environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

10 years of experience in TIG welding with one or more of the following materials: stainless steel, carbon steel, Inconel, aluminum and titanium
Highly proficient in tube cutting, grinding and fabrication
Highly experience in class A welds
Certifications with AWS D17.1 and D1.2
Knowledge in DC welding techniques, and engineering requirements
Knowledge in standard tools, materials, motions, and practices of the welding trade
Knowledge in occupational hazards and effective safety precautions of the trade
Knowledge in arc air procedures and equipment
Experience in overhead cranes and forklifts
Use of precision measuring instruments
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Role requires passing a weld test per AWS D17.1
Must be available for all shifts (day shift, 6 AM - 6 PM or night shift, 6 PM - 6 AM), overtime and weekends as the schedule varies depending on site operational needs; flexibility is required
Ability to stand for extended periods  8 hours minimum
Ability to lift heavy objects (up to 25 lbs) unassisted
Ability to perform job duties that require standing, kneeling, crouching, twisting upper body, working in cramped positions in small openings and climbing hand over hand
Ability to work at elevated heights (up to 200 feet) and in confined spaces
Typically exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain
Work performed in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    
WelderLevel 1: 18.00hour    WelderLevel 2: 23.00hour    WelderLevel 3: 28.00hour     
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.  
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.    

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.