SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PERSONNEL SECURITY OFFICER (PSO SUPPORT)  TOP SECRET CLEARANCE
SpaceX is looking for an experienced PERSEC Industrial Security professional to provide support with a specific focus on PERSEC processes and responsibilities as related to Program Security efforts.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Participate in all aspects of the initiation, management and upkeep of personnel clearances at DOD, SCI and SAP levels
Manage the tracking, maintenance, submittal, and approval of all clearancesspecial accesses
Must be familiar with DISS, JADE and TALON PERSEC processing procedures, and SIMS software
Oversee new access requests, crossover requests, CSRs in DISS, LOCNs and clearance ownership
Responsible for strategic decisions to determine type of processing required
Process different case types, to include, but not limited to initials, crossovers, reinvestigations, badge renewals, contract changes, and upgrades
Manage requests for Standard Form (SF) 86 packages and provides instructions for completion
Oversee the review of clearance packages (PARs and PSQs) for accuracy and completeness and initiates follow up actions as necessary
Responsible for polygraph coordination and scheduling
Responsible for tracking all reportable information to include: Foreign travel  foreign contact, financial, personal conduct, etc. and ensure all employee PERSEC records are up to date
Conduct pre-travel and post-travel security briefings
Process classified visit requests
Manage CAC badge expirations and submit renewals
Counsel individuals who have been denied access and assist employees through the appeal process, as necessary
Generate and publish periodic reports
Take appropriate actions to ensure the cleared population isremains enrolled in continuous evaluation
Prepare and submit annual personnel clearance certification reports in accordance with contractual requirements
Work with customers to correct discrepancies
Responsible for the development, administration, and update of procedures
Work autonomously and act as a key decision maker in of support personnel security and related programs

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
3 years of combined security experience as an FSO, CPSO, or CSSO
Active Top Secret or Top Secret SCI clearance. Note that an active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions. If so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors or masters degree
Strong knowledge of NISPOM, IC directives, SAP Policy and related security policy and procedures
Strong knowledge of the electronic questionnaires for investigations processing (e-QIP) systemfamiliarity with other U.S. Government systems inclusive of DISS, JADE, TALON and SIMS

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Favorable completion of a U.S. Government polygraph pursuant to employment
Ability to travel in support of programmatic requirements

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:     Personnel Security OfficerLevel I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per year       Personnel Security OfficerLevel II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year   
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.