SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
DINING ROOM ATTENDANT
This is a team-oriented role for individuals who are familiar with basic customer service principles and have a firm understanding of all basic food and beverage safety principles. The role requires the ability to identify and utilize food service equipment which includes, but is not limited to: soda machines, hot and cold food holding, hot and cold food storage, serving utensils and small wares. Daily tasks will be focused on supporting customer orders and inquiries, upkeep of dining spaces, and setting up and working a station at one of our various service outlets according to leaderships specifications. The dining room attendant position supports the mission by providing quality customer service, a welcoming atmosphere, and accurate order fulfillment to help ensure our services boost morale and productivity within SpaceX. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Set up, work, and maintain a clean and safe work station
Complete daily record keeping and prep tasks
Help the team meet time and quality standards set by supervisor
Clean and maintain departmental tools and equipment
Engage positively with all customers
Become fluent in available menu options

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of customer service related experience in a food service environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

3 years of customer service related experience in a food service environment
Sound understanding of food safety and sanitation practices
Familiarity with allergen identification and common dietary restrictions
Possession of or willingness to obtain CA food handler card
High level of professionalism
Experience in a corporate environment
Basic computer skills (Microsoft Office, Excel, and Outlook primarily)
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal
Self-motivated, willingness to learn and take guidance from others

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to pass Air Force background check for Vandenberg
Ability to carry large heavy items, such as dishes in tubs or trays unassisted (up to 30 lbs.)
Ability to stand for long periods of time  up to 10 hours a day
Ability to work all shifts and available for overtime and weekends, as needed
Ability to perform frequent bending, stooping, and lifting of objects  

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    Pay Range:    Dining Room AttendantLevel 1: 20.50hour    Dining Room AttendantLevel 2: 22.50hour        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.