SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SATELLITE MECHANICAL ENGINEER (STARSHIELD) 
Starshield leverages SpaceXs Starlink technology and launch capability to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads.
SpaceX is looking to hire a satellite mechanical and mechanisms engineer to work with a brilliant and passionate team of engineers. You will own the design and development responsibilities over our complex mechanisms and mechanical systems. You will have the opportunity to work on the architecture, simulation, and controls of electromechanical systems for the worlds most cutting-edge satellites.
You do not need to meet 100 of the preferred qualifications to be considered. We encourage anyone who meets the basic qualifications and is interested in the role to apply  we are looking for enthusiastic, dedicated people to join our team, and want the opportunity to talk to you!
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Own hardware and mechanisms from conceptual design through volume production and on-orbit operations to support various customers needs  
Develop design criteria, collaborate on requirements, and drive system-level optimization
Rapidly iterate on designs and analysis to inform high level systems trades and steer overall product direction
Drive holistic DFM to create elegant designs with a focus on piece part and process count reductions, error proofing at every step of fabrication and integration, and consistent performance and production metrics
Establish an efficient product lifecycle starting in the supply chain all the way through final integration that balances cost, complexity, and quality; work closely with partner teams to design and realize an efficient in-house production line
Perform environmental and performance testing on hardware to validate analysis and demonstrate compliance to design criteria
Own product delivery timeline through conception, design, assembly, and launch
Demonstrate extreme ownership of product outcomes at every stage of development and production

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering or STEM discipline
Experience with CAD or FEA software packages (can be in a professional, academic, entrepreneurial, or hobby setting)
1 years of experience with mechanical andor electromechanical design and analysis (internship and extracurricular experience is applicable)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Ability and willingness to obtain a Top Secret clearance
Masters degree in engineering or a related technical discipline
Solid understanding and application of GDT
Demonstrated ability to own hardware or systems within an integrated engineering team outside a classroom setting (FSAE, Engineers without Borders, Student Directed Research, Design-Build-Fly, NASA student launch, personal entrepreneurial ventures, etc.)
Demonstrated understanding of structural analysis and failure modes of complex mechanical systems
Self-motivated with strong organizational, written, and oral communication skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work long hours and weekends as necessary to meet mission-critical deadlines
Ability to travel to SpaceX, vendors, customers, and partner locations as necessary
An active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions; if so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Mechanical EngineerLevel 1: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearMechanical EngineerLevel 2: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 