SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars. 
BUILD RELIABILITY ENGINEER (STARSHIP)
The Build Reliability organization at SpaceX is an inclusive, inter-disciplinary team that is committed to the reliability of flight components and production assemblies. Your breadth of exposure as a Build Reliability Engineer will be immense as you collaborate with other core groups at SpaceX, guiding the hardware from design to production and operation. You use data to understand the factors that drive reliability, and support quality objectives in design and development teams to drive improvements in reliability in manufacturing, test and flight. You have the ability to dive deep on the details to identify, understand and solve difficult technical problems and also utilize a system level approach to prioritize issues for the vehicle as a whole. You thrive in a hands-on environment and will spend time in the office, on the factory floor, and in the lab to execute on the mission to make humanity interplanetary.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Responsible for tracking yield, testinspection escapes, and ensuring past failures and lessons learned are incorporated into NPI
Develop, implement and validate Lean test and inspection processes for new and existing products and process, ensuring that criteria are objective and that quality goals are consistently met
Monitor the success of products and processes through production ramp-up using a suite of quality and analysis tools
Conduct regular build quality reviews to ensure that design intent is achieved and well-communicated; identify opportunities for risk reduction and removal of complexity in designs and processes to improve manufacturability, collaborating with integrated product teams to drive improvements and address high-impact and repeating non-conformances
Investigate failures in production, test and flight, identifying and mitigating the immediate and underlying root causes in order to quantifyreduce risk and improve reliability of designs and processes
Utilize schematics, test equipment, inspection processes, etc. to perform structured electrical root cause analysis of failures identified during the development and production processes to inform designmanufacturing changes
Perform gage repeatability and reproducibility studies to validate test systems used for product acceptance
Contain suspect or known non-conforming product, providing guidance to quality inspectors, technicians, shop supervisors and engineers to assist in quarantining and rework activities
Support the shop floor in continuous improvement and the advancing of a Lean, autonomous production system through creation of standard reworkrepair guides, removal of redundant or unnecessary inspection, and improved control and optimization of critical processes

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical engineering, aerospace engineering, materials engineering, manufacturing engineering, chemical engineering, electrical engineering, or another STEM related field
1 years in a manufacturing, quality andor design engineering role (student project team or internship experience qualifies)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Strong interpersonal and collaborative skills, enthusiasm for the teams spirit of innovation and mission of improving reliability in cutting-edge technology
Masters degree in mechanical engineering, aerospace engineering, materials engineering, or electrical engineering
Demonstrated application of process controls in high volume manufacturing, test, and quality environment
Knowledge of quality tools such as Lean principles, measurement systems analysis, design of experiments, statistical process control, root cause analysis and corrective action, advanced product quality planning (APQP), metrology, process failure mode and effects analysis (PFMEA), control plans, and various problem solving approaches
Dedicated to adopting a Lean approach to quality without compromising safety or reliability
Experience developing or supporting any of the following productsprocesses:

Complex mechanicalstructural assemblies
Advanced composites systems
Fluid componentvalve assembly
Pre-preg laminationcuring composites
CNC machining, forming, bending
Bonding, drilling, fastening and other assembly manufacturing processes
Avionics integration and testing
Fluid system pressure testing
Welding (electron beam (EB), TIG)



ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS

Ability to work extended hours, weekends, and offsite as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    
Build Reliability EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    
Build Reliability EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.    

ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.