SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. SUPPLY CHAIN ENGINEER (ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING)
SpaceX demands a new type of supply chain. We require our suppliers to provide premium quality with rapidly evolving designs at increasingly ambitious volumes. We are actively looking for candidates who possess comprehensive knowledge of manufacturing and quality tools and have unrelenting motivation to enable suppliers for success.
This is a highly technical position that requires practical experience with printed circuit boardsprinted circuit board assemblies, componentsinstrumentation or harnessing to promote advanced technologies and break through technical hurdles in our supply base. The ideal candidate will have a broad understanding of avionics with the desire and capability to take on new challenges in unfamiliar areas to help enable our mission to Mars.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Act as the technical point of contact for our custom part suppliers for Avionics including harnesses, cables and interconnects
Collaborate with sourcing team to strategically source parts matched with supplier competencies
Develop and maintain supplier audit system to meet product and business requirements
Review and assess supplier manufacturing processes and quality system to provide feedback as appropriate on manufacturing methods and technologies
Function as liaison between purchasing, engineering, manufacturing and suppliers to resolve supplier quality issues and to provide technical support
Implement and monitor production part approval process (PPAP)
Analyze supplier quality  delivery metrics to identify trends and pinpoint systemic performance gaps and root causes
Recommend technical product improvements to reduce risk and potential defect opportunities
Manage supplier improvement plans
Improve quality performance of suppliers by conducting workshops at supplier locations, providing technical assistance in developing a quality system, or other technical support as required
Contribute to design reviews acting as an expert in design for manufacturability, design for testability, yield improvements, supplier capabilities assessments, quality control, etc
Primary point of contact for avionics engineering on non-conforming product, troubleshooting, root cause, failure investigations and corrective actions
Lead continuous improvement efforts of established product
Drive the selection and qualification of high quality interconnect components for current and future SpaceX flight vehicles with engineering
Perform root-cause evaluation of interconnect component failures and non-conformances, including the assessment, management, mitigation of any associated vehicle risks
Work with suppliers to resolve manufacturing related issues

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering field
5 years of experience in supply chain, manufacturing or engineering
Experience with harness andor interconnect fabrication

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in electrical, mechanical, or materials science engineering
Experience with Commercial-Off-The-Shelf (COTS) and Military (MIL-DTL-XXXX, MIL-PRF-XXX, etc.) connector, wire, cable, interconnect and hardware components and corresponding Military Specs
Experience in design andor application of connector, cable, wire, hardware, and interconnect components
3 years of experience in quality andor production of mechanical or electronics hardware systems
Experience in medium to high volume, high-complexity products and NPI
Knowledge of supplier quality processes (Production Part Approval Process, Advanced Product Quality Planning, First Article Inspection Reports, etc
SPC knowledge and experience applying statistical methods to track process capability
Disciplined approach to problem solving - 8D
Experience with MRP or ERP systems
Capable of solving complex problems with little to no supervision on schedule as an individual or as a member of an integrated team
Experience in a fast-paced, iterative design environments within the consumer electronics, mobile handset, medical devices, aerospace, marine or automotive industries
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work long hours and some nights andor weekends when needed
Ability to travel - up to 60-75 work week travel may be required, including international travel
Valid drivers license

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:             
Pay range:          
Supplier Development EngineerSenior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.