SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SURVEY TECHNICIAN (STARSHIP)
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Perform site layout work, create and check as-built drawings, and stake out clearing boundaries and reference points on site
Set up, adjust and operate surveying equipmentinstruments. Capture and collect data through global positioning (GPS), geographical information systems (GIS), andor robotic total stations (RTS)
Read and understand various technical documents including construction plans, engineering drawings, etc.
Performing mathematical calculations to determine and confirm surveying measurements
Use numerous types of survey instruments (GPS, Robotic total stations, data collectors, digital levels, etc.)
Perform routine maintenance and cleaning on the surveying equipment
Research current technology and assist in determining the need for potential upgrades

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Associates degree or equivalent certificate
5 years experience which should include a strong background in site construction layout, topographic surveying and work with civil engineering drawings

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

5 years of AutoCAD experience
5 years of hands-on experience working with Leica or Trimble terrestrial LiDAR systems and associated software platformsapplication. Experience with other systems will be considered
Strong understanding of the Principles of Surveying
Strong understanding of heavy construction methods and practice

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Physical effort including standing, lifting, and carrying light weight such as materials or equipment (ability to lift up to 35 lbs. unassisted)
Typically exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain
Perform work occasionally in an environment with exposure to fumes, odors, and noise using appropriate personal protective equipment
Must be available to work extended hours, rotating shifts, and weekends

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Survey TechnicianLevel 4: 33.00hour.     
Survey TechnicianLevel 5: 38.00hour.                               
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k)-retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.       
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.