SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PROPULSION ENGINEER, THERMAL PROTECTION (RAPTOR)
As a Propulsion Engineer, Raptor Thermal Protection you are responsible for taking Raptor thermal protection hardware from concept through to flight (and re-flight) operations, and everything in between. This role will specifically support, but is not limited to, work on design, analysis, and ownership of Raptor engine thermal protection.  Individuals in this role will become experts in both the Raptor engine system as well as the Starship vehicle and associated missions to achieve this goal.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Own the success of hardware design and requirements, delivery of production at target throughput rates, and reliable operating performance at the integrated engine level
Own and iterate on design, analysis, and build of parts and assemblies that you own that consist of sheet metal assemblies, thermal protection, and portions of the Raptor engine
Coordinate team of peers through informal leadership and self-directed program organization to achieve goals. Assign clear responsibilities and hold teammates accountable for execution
Collaborate with engineers from other teams to design and develop hardware that meets high level engine objectives
Manage the transition of prototype parts from concept through development to production and operations
Establish requirements for hardware and work with other responsible engineers to ensure adjacent systems meet requirements vice versa
Exercise risk-conscious decision-making skills under pressure
Practice flexible prioritization and scope management in order to deliver on group directives

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
1 years of experience with mechanical design and analysis utilizing CAD and FEA software packages (internship or project team experience is applicable)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in engineering or a related technical discipline
3 years of professional experience in mechanical design and analysis
2 years of hands-on project experience with complex mechanical systems
Solid understanding and application of hand calcs for model optimization
Demonstrated understanding of structural analysis and failure modes of complex mechanical systems
Self-motivated with strong organizational, written, and oral communication skills
Demonstrated track record of success in a rapidly growing, changing and highly technical environment - ability to act and execute in a scrappy, entrepreneurial manner against tight timelines and aggressive schedules

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to travel in support of integration, testing, and launching of hardware

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Propulsion EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    Propulsion EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 