SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
DSP ENGINEER, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS  (STARSHIELD)
Starshield leverages SpaceXs Starlink technology and launch capability to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads.
As a DSP engineer on the Starshield satellite team, you will be a part of a mission to provide global connectivity to the US government including immediate access to critical intelligence and national security data anywhere it is needed. You will work with a team of RF engineers, DSP engineers, software engineers, hardware engineers, and end users to design and build RF communications systems to provide essential data to global users. You will work in a highly collaborative and fast-paced environment, where we are exploring unsolved problems and applying the SpaceX mindset of iterating rapidly to go from design and demo to operational capability at lightning pace.
An active Top Secret security clearance, or ability to obtain one, is desired but not required.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Drive program-level decisions on modem designs
Research novel solutions for unique large-scale satellite communication systems
Design the complete physical layer waveform and implement the modem on space-based hardware
Work in close collaboration with FPGA, RFantenna, and software engineers to design and validate software-defined radio systems
Perform on-orbit demonstrations and scale the system to hundreds of satellites

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

1 years of experience in DSP engineering and bachelors degree in computer science, computer engineering or electrical engineering; or 3 years of DSP engineering experience in lieu of a degree
1 years of experience in system-level modeling andor digital signal processing

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in electrical engineering with emphasis in communication systems andor digital signal processing
1 years of professional experience in design and verification of high data rate wireless modems
Experience working with various multiple access schemes such as TDMA, CDMA and OFDMA
Knowledge of in MATLAB, CC, andor Python
Experience with software-defined radios and frameworks, such as GNU Radio
Knowledge of digital communication systems including spread spectrum, forward error correction, and modulation types such as FSK, BPSK, QPSK, QAM, and PCMFM
Knowledge of GPS, geolocation, position navigation and timing (PNT), and techniques such as TDOA, FDOA, and AOALOB
Understanding of link budgets and analysis related to communication systems
Understanding of modem designs, link-level algorithms and hardware architectures

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay Range:    DSP EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    DSP EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.