SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MANUFACTURING SPECIALIST (F9 INTEGRATION)  2ND SHIFT
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Responsible for the build and inspection process for the Falcon Launch Vehicle
Support dispositions of non-conforming hardware on the production floor and drive root cause analysis  solution implementation
Develop and refine manufacturing assembly procedures and planning
Read and interpret drawings and controlled documentation, specifications and processes
Drive lean projects to improve manufacturing process by eliminating waste, improving quality, and reducing cost
Interface with engineers and technicians to advance to streamline manufacturing flow and eliminate unnecessary scope, downtime, and blockers
Manage work orders and drive non-conformances into actionable items and system improvements
Design and develop tools and hardware to enable vehicle assembly and ensure vehicle testing abilities
Evaluate proposed designs for manufacturability and integration into subsystems by collaborating with design and build reliability engineers

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline or 2 years of experience working in an aerospace manufacturing technician, planning, or direct support role
1 years of experience creating andor working with manufacturing planning or build process instructions (internships andor school projects will be considered)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Solid understanding of integration processes including avionics, fluid system, and structural integration. Ability to work with minimal supervision
Taking products through development cycle to full volume production
Designing for manufacturability and assembly
Capable of solving complex manufacturing problems on schedule with little to no supervision as an individual or as a member of an integrated team
Experience with Siemens NX (UG), Teamcenter CAD, and PDM systems
Experience with process development, facility and line layouts
Managing lean manufacturing tools, PFMEA, value chain mapping, Kanban, OEE and 5S

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

This is a 2nd shift role. Nominal schedule: Monday - Friday (3:30 PM  2:00 AM)
Willing to work extended hours andor weekends as needed
Willing to travel as needed
Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Manufacturing SpecialistLevel 1: 30.00 - 38.00hourManufacturing SpecialistLevel 2: 34.00 - 43.00hourManufacturing SpecialistLevel 3: 38.00 - 48.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.