SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PRODUCT COMMUNICATIONS MANAGER (STARLINK)
Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation, committed to delivering access to high speed, low latency broadband internet worldwide. As a key member of the team, the Product Communications Manager is responsible for planning, developing, and executing global growth initiatives that target consumers at different stages of their journey with Starlink. This role will newly define the lifecycle discipline and support Starlink Business and Enterprise marketing efforts. These efforts will help drive the global growth of Starlink among consumers and B2B customers in a variety of markets and countries including North America, Latin America, Asia Pacific, Europe and beyond. This role involves understanding consumer segments particularly early adopter behavior and developing lifecycle infrastructures to engage, educateonboard, and drive customer loyalty using Starlinks owned media ecosystem, as well as, understand a variety of enterprise segments particularly early adopter behavior and telecommunications, aviation, construction, maritime, retail and more.
Through deep consumer and Starlink product knowledge, you will collaborate with engineers, product growth and sales teams to develop lifecycle infrastructures and Starlink Business sales enablement that accelerate awareness, adoption, and advocacy. Your ability to grasp and translate Starlinks technical capabilities into tangible benefits and value propositions are critical.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Segment the global customer base into different groups based on behavior, demographics, and preferences to tailor effective communication efforts
Develop and manage lifecycle campaigns including onboarding sequences, promotional emails, and re-engagement campaigns across web, email, app, and push notification channels
Collaborate with content creators that resonate with a variety of customer segments and stages of the lifecycle
Create retention plans and programs that mitigate churn, increase customer loyalty, and maximize customer lifetime value
Author benefits and value proposition messaging for Starlink Business and Enterprise offerings to resonate with various customer segments spanning telecommunications, construction, maritime logistics, retail, and aviation
Collaborate with creative teams in producing sales enablement materials spanning case studies, thought-leadership and creative campaigns across various sales channels and touch points
Review and steer customer external marketing plans and messaging to align with Starlink standards of practice
Analyze customer data and campaign performance to make data-driven decisions and continuously improve strategies
Define the scope of attribution tools and net promotor programming to inform marketing roadmaps
Demonstrate a growth mindset by leading intentionally and collaborating with a variety of teams that engineer hardware and software, define product offerings, execute sales, business development, and account management
Conduct AB tests to optimize messaging, content and campaign effectiveness
Build reporting structure to share out key learnings with stakeholders

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree
3 years of experience in product marketing or communications
3 years leading interdisciplinary projects

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in marketing or communication
5 years of experience with consumer lifecycle management
Experience with international markets and referral programs
Experience developing and editing technical content and communicating in layman terms
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills
Strong project management skills
Strong analytic skills and proficiency in marketing automation tools
Ability to embrace rapid iterations rooted in a culture that sets demanding goals and moves extremely fast
Familiarity with global products that span North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific and beyond

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              
Pay range:          
Product Communications Manager: 110,000.00 - 145,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.         
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.