SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
CONTENT PRODUCER
SpaceX continues to challenge what is possible, surprising the industry with first of their kind tests and flights. As a Content Producer based at our headquarters in Hawthorne, you will be a visual storyteller. You will conceptualize, capture, produce, and edit engaging video and photos to tell SpaceXs story across multiple platforms, including: web, social, event broadcasts, community outreach, and internal presentations. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Drive the concept and storyboarding processes for new content
Produceshootedit videos and photos
Actively monitor and track significant milestones and put plans in place to create supporting content
Provide clear communication of project statuses (milestones, etc.) to the rest of the creative and content development team
Interface directly with engineering, creative, and communication teams to identify priority projects and ensure the most innovative and effective creative elements are produced
Create, organize, and archive assets
Cleanmaintain camera gear and equipment

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree
5 years of hands on filming, production, and editing experience for a major corporation, news organization or creative agency

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

Experience in video and still camera operation, lighting, direction, production coordination, and post-production
Experience using video and photo editing software (Adobe Creative Suite, DaVinci Resolve, and Handbrake)
Ability to translate business needs into strong visual content at both the conceptual and execution level
Proven ability to concept, script, produce, and edit compelling and impactful videos from start to finish
Innate ability to find the story, using your journalistic instincts to identify the most compelling aspects of a story, and find new storytelling opportunities
Ability to work independently, yet also collaborate across all areas of the company to ensure the highest quality videos and photos
Ability to effectively manage multiple projectstasks of varying complexities, meet tight deadlines, and thrive under pressure
Knowledge of technical production basics for webcasts, press conferences, press events, etc.
Understanding of archival sciences and an interest in growing the companys photo and video archival system
Experience with remote camera systems controlled by sound triggers or automated software
Ability to work quickly while upholding a high standard of excellence
Demonstrated experience working in a multi-project designproduction environment, and eager to meet and exceed objectives
Possesses strong journalistic instincts, outstanding interpersonal communication skills, and a can-do attitude
Exceptionally organized

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to travel
Must be willing to work some weekends to support launch operations and critical project timelines
Please provide examples of prior work with your application

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range: 
Content Producer Level I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per year
Content Producer Level II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.