SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SOFTWARE ENGINEER, C  CUDA (RAPTOR)
Were looking for a strong software developer with skills in performance engineering and design.
The goal of the SpaceX combustion modeling team is to develop first-in-class combustion simulation software to optimize and significantly reduce the development time of the Raptor rocket engine. Work with brilliant, passionate engineers, software developers, and analysts to develop unprecedented simulation capabilities that directly support the rapid design of the most cutting-edge engines in the world.  We have no shortage of hard problems and challenges.
Aerospace experience is not required to be successful here - rather we look for smart, motivated, collaborative engineers who love solving hard software problems and want to make a direct impact on a super inspiring mission.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Seek out, evaluate, and implement state-of-the-art features on multi-core and GPU hardware that extend simulation capabilities and improve the performance, as motivated by an aggressive rocket development program
Develop and maintain a massively parallel, high performance combustion simulation software
Collaborate with combustion analysts and computational physicists to develop advanced simulation tools that accelerate engine design
Extend and improve interoperability among existing tools
Support all aspects of software development as a member of a cross-functional team
Maintain highest standards of excellence, never settling for the status quo, with a focus on getting to Mars

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or science discipline; OR 2 years of professional experience in software development in lieu of a degree
Development experience in C

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience developing highly efficient concurrentparallel applications and algorithms (e.g. threading, MPI, CUDA)
Experience working with a team on at least one large (100,000 lines) software project
Experience with object-oriented software design and functional programing
Understanding of distributed, horizontally scalable systems
Strong skills with debuggers, performance optimization, and unit testing
Familiar with Agile software development techniques, particularly test-driven development, and continuous integration
Background in physics-based simulation, scientific computing, high-performance computing, or mathematics
Basic understanding of fluid mechanics
Masters degree in computer science or an engineering discipline

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing to travel in support of launching and testing of hardware
Willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 
Pay range:    Software EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    Software EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.