


SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today, SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MANUFACTURING ENGINEER, SUPPLY CHAIN (DRAGON  FALCON)
This position will support our Dragon and Falcon program and requires a combination of proven leadership and technical capabilities. This is a highly technical position that requires practical experience in process engineering and new product development through to stabilized production for the machined components and assemblies used in rockets and rocket engines. The ideal candidate will have a broad understanding of the machining and assembly of metallic components and associated processes with the desire and capability to take on new challenges in unfamiliar areas to help enable our mission to Mars.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Act as the technical point of contact for assigned parts, solving emergent challenges at suppliers and mitigating risk to the manifest by addressing high-impact manufacturing and quality challenges
Review issues on assigned parts and solve to the root cause, implementing changes at the supplier, at SpaceX or both, as appropriate, drive further actions to closure, and re-source to new suppliers where appropriate
Create and disposition issue tickets where needed, working with engineering counterparts to implement, but not limited to, required re-work, repair or use as-is disposition
Become thoroughly familiar with your assigned parts and the processes that make up the overall assembly and become the primary point of contact for supply chain related defects on your parts
Work with procurement to find exceptional suppliers and vet them appropriately for quality and ability to meet our aggressive takt times
Conduct design for manufacturing (DFM) reviews to ensure parts are manufacturable at early stages, preferably prior to sourcing
Own the new product introduction (NPI) process at a suppliers for new parts, drawing changes, or when re-sourcing existing parts to a new supplier
Drive the production part approval process (PPAP) program to ensure stable supply, reduce inspection oversight and improve overall delivery time
Demonstrate innovation, technical excellence, attention to detail, self-direction and courage
Drive for results and customer satisfaction by collaborating with teams, leading projects and continuously driving improvement in the supply base
Lead containment activities on assigned parts, working with cross-functional counterparts to agree on scope, path forward and ultimate resolution

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
1 years of experience with manufacturing andor inspection of mechanical products in a production environment (including school projects, clubs, or internships)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in engineering or business
Experience with machining and ancillary operations such as milling, turning, and tube cutting of materials
Experience with interpreting engineering drawings and models; GDT, etc
Broad familiarity of valves, motors, mechanisms, interconnects, solenoids, potentiometers, life support and thermal control systems is a plus
Broad familiarity with TIG, MIG and orbital tube welding of stainless and carbon steels is a plus
Knowledge of supplier quality processes (production part approval process, advanced product quality planning, first article inspection reports, etc.)
Knowledge of statistical techniques and methods, e.g., design of experiments, Lean, Six Sigma, etc
Experience with quality systems (ISO 9000TSAS9100NADCAP) and MRPERP systems
Disciplined approach to problem solving - 8D
Proficient in MS Office and Excel applications and report writing
Proficient in SQL and PowerBI
Experience with sharing information and influencing others across organizational lines, internally and externally

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Must be able to travel - up to 60-85 work week travel may be required, including international travel
Must be able to work extended hours andor weekends as needed to meet major milestones
This position is based in Hawthorne, CA and requires being onsite - remote work not considered
Valid drivers license mandatory

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:
Supply Chain EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearSupply Chain EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  


SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.


