



SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PRODUCTION SUPERVISOR (STARLINK) - 2ND SHIFT
SpaceX is developing a low latency, broadband internet system to meet the needs of consumers across the globe. Enabled by a constellation of low Earth orbit satellites, Starlink provides fast, reliable internet to populations with little or no connectivity, including those in rural communities and places where existing services are too expensive or unreliable. We are looking for organized, creative, and driven supervisors to spearhead the mass production of our satellites. As a Starlink Production Supervisor you will manage large teams of technicians and assemblers while collaborating with manufacturing and design engineers, leading the team in achieving full-rate production targets for spacecraft hardware.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Coordinate and maintain production technicians schedules, production processes, safety, and area standards
Lead, coach, and mentor Starlink Technicians, including bi-annual reviews and managing corrective or disciplinary actions
Lead efforts to transition product from engineering development to full rate production
Collaborate with area leadership in order to prioritize work based on production schedule and organizational goals
Drive continuous improvement, risk reduction, root-cause analysis, and investigations in your area
Establish and analyze area metrics to drive:

Personnel training and development
Optimization of product flow through the factory
Efficiency improvement projects
Identification and elimination of defects within the area value stream
Reduction of downtime for product and personnel


Ensure product quality and conformance to specifications
Improve area safety and efficiency through regular auditing and continuous improvement
Review drawings and technical data packages for manufacturability while providing constructive feedback to engineeringdesign community
Independently perform hands-on assembly of satellite components and vehicle integration assembly when required

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Associates degree and 5 years of experience in a manufacturing and test environment, or 10 years in a manufacturing and test environment
2 years of working hands-on with safety-critical systems, mechanical assemblies or heavy equipment
2 years of professional experience directly leading a team

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree
Experience rapidly hiring, training, and stabilizing large production teams
LeanSix Sigma certification or equivalent
Experience with lean manufacturing training, lean manufacturing principles, and efficiency methods
Experience in fast-paced production environment with flight quality hardware
Experience with harnessing, electro-mechanical assembly, and prototype development
Experience monitoring, tracking, and continually improving total cost equation
Strong understanding of design for manufacturability proficiency including: Kaizen, Lean Manufacturing, and Failure Mode Effects Analysis
Ability to read, interpret controlled documentation, and processes such as: cable harnesses, wiring diagrams, layout drawings, mechanical drawings, GDT, assembly procedureswork instructions, schematics, engineering drawings, and parts lists
Proficient with computers, the ability to use Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook), shop floor management software (ERP), and related programs
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Available to work extended hours and weekends as needed. This role will be covering 2nd shift (typical start time is 3 pm)
Must be able to stand for long periods of time
Must be able to lift up to 25 pounds unassisted
Repetitive assembly operations, grasping, standing, lifting, bending, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range: 
Production Supervisor: 105,000.00 - 135,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.



