SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
ELECTRICAL DESIGN ENGINEER (STARSHIELD)
Starshield leverages SpaceXs Starlink technology and launch capability to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads. As an electrical development engineer on the Starshield team, you will demonstrate extreme ownership through detailed and thorough design, hardware bring-upcharacterizationtesting, and requirements generationverification -ultimately seeing your hardware through all aspects of its life cycle.
Starshield is a quickly growing program and there is a wide range of engaging opportunities from blank-sheet design to on-orbit troubleshooting. You will work with many cross-disciplinary teams and will need to think at a system level to ensure that your design is viable. Our development timelines are quick and you will need to rigorously explore solutions for previously unsolved or unknown problems. Every day we push the limits of what is possible through innovation, determination, and teamwork to drive the mission to success.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Ultimate ownership of ensuring successful operation of bus and payloads on orbit via the avionics suite
Electrical architecture and design, product requirements, component selection, analysis, schematic capture, and documentation
Flight production, development prototyping, vendor selection, and manufacturing
Circuit and full product bring-up, debugging, troubleshooting, and confidence, acceptance and qualification testing
Delivering flight hardware on time and active project management through schedule maintenance and status reports
Integration, full vehicle integrated testing, on-orbit operations support, and data review
Multidisciplinary coordination with software, firmware, mechanical, PCB layout, environments, integration, harnessing, test, manufacturing, and production teams to deliver fully functional product
System engineering efforts to ensure design meets all intents and does not adversely impact other groups or designs
Drive improvements in reliability and capabilities while minimizing cost and schedule

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering, or physics
1 years of professional experience designing and delivering electrical hardware (internship and project experience is applicable)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering, or similar engineering degree
4 years of professional experience rapidly designing and delivering highly reliable products
2 years of electronic product experience designing electrical hardware from concept through production; strong emphasis on full life cycle development of new hardware products, not small incremental updates to legacy hardware
2 years of experience designing and implementing mixed-signal circuit boards from concept through production using processors, FPGAs, Ethernet, multi-GHz Serdes, DRAM interfaces (DDR4), I2C, SPI, operational amplifiers, analog to digital and digital to analog converters, and power supply components
2 years of professional experience with hands on testing, troubleshooting and debugging electronics
2 years of professional experience with fast-paced projects
Strong understanding of computers and programming languages (Python, CC)
Demonstrated ability to work in a highly cross-functional role
Ability to work in an autonomously driven and demanding startup atmosphere
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Passion for advancing the commercial space industry and human spaceflight
Active Top Secret or Top Secret SCI clearance, or ability to obtain one desired but not required

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

An active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions; if so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Electrical Hardware Design EngineerLevel I: 100,000.00 - 120,000.00per year    Electrical Hardware Design EngineerLevel II: 115,000.00 - 150,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.


SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.