SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MATERIAL TRANSFER DRIVER - TEMPORARY
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Load, drive, and unload manufacturing, test, and support items
Safely load trucks at pickup points and transport truckloads to a destination following the rules of the road at all times
Safely load and unload trucks at designated drop-off points
Ensure truckload contents are secure for safe and undamaged delivery to the destination
Scan barcodes meeting business WMS requirements
Review all documentation for correct items to be delivered as well as precise delivery area
Maintain all applicable documents (paperwork) related to items being delivered to ensure they are not damaged during delivery
Monitor service records of the vehicle when driving and report all problems to manager immediately
Maintain cleanliness of vehicle and refueling when low

POSITION DETAILS:
This is a TEMPORARY position with SpaceX, for the length of time as stated, and is subject to change with minimal notice as business needs dictate

LENGTH OF POSITION: 3 months
LOCATION: Brownsville, TX
SHIFT: This is a weekend 3rd shift role working Tuesday to Saturday or Sunday to Thursday from 6:00 PM - 4:30 AM 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of driving experience
Experience operating a forklift andor material-handling motorized vehicles and equipment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Material handling and stake bed driving experience (under 26k GVW)
Trucking experience, preferably with customer-service-oriented delivery background
Experience driving for a high-volume manufacturing environment
Excellent organizational and time management skills
Strong customer-service delivery background
Counter-balance sit-down forklift experience

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:


Ability to lift up to 25 pounds unassisted


Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position


Willingness to work overtime and extended hours when needed to meet critical deadlines


Valid Texas Class C License


COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Material Transfer DriverLevel 1: 18.00hourMaterial Transfer DriverLevel 2: 20.50hourMaterial Transfer DriverLevel 3: 23.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for potential discretionary bonuses. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, and various other discounts and perks. You will also be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.     
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.