SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.HUMAN RESOURCES INVESTIGATORWe are looking for a skilled and experienced investigator who can objectively, thoroughly, and empathetically investigate sensitive employee relations concerns. The ideal candidate has high emotional intelligence and a background in investigating a variety of employment and labor relations issues.  They are an effective interviewer, active listener, and a strong communicator, and also have demonstrated the ability to apply innovative fact-finding techniques.RESPONSIBILITIES:Investigate sensitive andor complex employee relations matters from start to finish, including conducting intake, leading interviews, note-taking, gathering and analyzing evidence (electronic, physical, etc.), documenting findings, and following up with the relevant parties.Objectively debrief HR business partners and leadership on investigation findings.Document investigation and summarize findings in a report.Collect and analyze data to identify trends and make recommendations on mitigation strategies.Advise and train HR business partners on investigations best practices.Discreetly handle sensitive andor private information.BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:Bachelors degree.5 years professional experience conducting employee relations investigations.PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:Juris doctor.Experience conducting investigations in a manufacturing andor engineering setting.Strong written and verbal communication skills.Experience with e-discovery andor pulling electronic records and files.Demonstrated ability to collaborate with a diverse range of partners (e.g., HR, IT, Security, Legal).Ability to be empathetic and to provide emotional support while also gathering facts.Familiarity with a variety of electronic systems.Ability to grasp complex technical concepts quickly.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:Must be willing to travel to various SpaceX sites.Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg.COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: Pay range:Human Resources InvestigatorLevel I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per yearHuman Resources InvestigatorLevel II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearHuman Resources InvestigatorLevel III-IV: 110,000.00 - 180,000.00per year Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.ITAR REQUIREMENTS:To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.