SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SOUS CHEF 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Manage cost controls and control expenditures
Create pricing schedules for all meals
Source high quality ingredients with a focus on local, sustainable, and organic items
Plan and create all menus with an emphasis on seasonal items and creative menu choices
Purchase and manage inventory
Enforce food quality
Hold staff meetings for food safety, quality issues, and innovations
Ensure safety of physical kitchen and caf space
Cater company events as needed
Create a pleasant and fun environment for SpaceX employees to meet and share a meal
Build a structure to deliver in-house catering and support company and special events

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
3 years of sous chef or culinary management experience

PREDERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Degree in culinary arts 
High volume production and catering experience 
Proven ability to create innovative menus on a daily basis
Ability to perform under pressure
Excellent communication skills
Possess a creative spirit and ability to make the culinary experience part of the SpaceX culture

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to lift up to 25 lbs
Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Ability to work all required shift hours, including overtime, and weekends, as needed

 COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:         
Pay range:      
Supervisor: 85,000.00 - 100,000.00per year          
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for potential discretionary bonuses. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, and various other discounts and perks. You will also be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.