SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars. 
PRODUCTION SUPERVISOR (PRECISION TUBE FABRICATION) - DAY SHIFT
The Precision Tube Fabrication team is looking for a supervisor who will lead the teams responsible for processing all tubing and tube assemblies within the SpaceX fleet.  This includes  but is not limited to  conversion of raw tubular materials into precision bent, cleaned, welded, leakproof tested, insulated, repaired, installed in support of Falcon  Dragon programs. This role will involve the daily management of up to 30 technicians including work assignmentsschedules, performance management, and developing continuous improvement initiatives. The production supervisor must be an excellent problem solver and be able to overcome challenging circumstances on a daily basis to ensure successful production of Rockets  Spacecraft at the required rate and quality. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Supervise operations within the facility to achieve and maintain rate, efficiency, and continuous improvement
Participate in the ongoing development and improvement of each employee by creating training and organizing opportunities for continuous learning
Assist in the recruitment and onboarding of new hires
Ensure compliance with safety, ethics, and professional standards within the facility
Organize, monitor, and prioritize tasks to meet production goals
Evaluate and fiximprove each station within the production operation to ensure optimal efficiency
Maintain communication between employees and senior executives to ensure procedures and policies are well-understood and followed
Manage the flow of raw materials and other resources within Precision Tube Fabrication
Ensure product quality and conformance to specifications

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree or 5 years of professional experience in a manufacturingproduction environment
1 years of experience leading a team or project

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline and 5 years in operational leadership
Crane Operator Certification
Time management, scheduling and organizational skills
Demonstrated experience developing and working within company specific Lean Six Sigma programs
Understanding of all rigging equipment  shackles, straps, slings, rope, hoists, etc.
Ability to calculate and determine appropriate lifting equipment and write lift plans
Strong working knowledge of lifting signals and communications
Manufacturing planning
Attention to detail and problem-solving skills with outstanding work efficiency and accuracy
Strong written and verbal communication
Ability to build and maintain consistently winning and cohesive teams
Computer skills and knowledge of collaboration tools
Experience monitoring and continuously improving product quality, cost and lead times

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available to work extended hours and weekends as needed
Shift Times: Wednesday - Saturday (3:00AM-3:00PM)
Must be able to lift 25 lbs unassisted
Able to travel for short and extended trips as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    Pay range:    Production Supervisor: 105,000.00 - 135,000.00per year       Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.        ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.