SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. MANAGER, GLOBAL PARTNERSHIPS (STARLINK)
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 2M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe.
Starlink believes in providing fast, reliable internet to serve all customer segments with solutions meeting their specific needs. Starlink has developed high-speed internet for commercial and private aircraft and is seeking to expand this solution broadly throughout the aviation industry. As a Sr. Manager, you will be responsible for driving projects with SpaceX partners in the Aviation industry. You will own the outcome including all processes, milestones, and documentation needed to accelerate Starlink for flight, and will work closely with design and manufacturing teams to ensure high-quality results throughout the project lifecycle. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Plan and execute expansion of Starlink aviation services through successful technical engagement programs with partners operating in the aviation customer segment
Take responsibility for ensuring that Starlinks partners are fully supporting the Starlink system and have integrated Starlinks capabilities into their existing and future roadmaps
Establish technical benchmarks for ensuring that Starlink can quantify partner contributions and hold partners accountable for meeting common objectives
Determine the best company response to challenging problems  by executing the companys commercial and technical strategy and finding alignment with critical partners
Leverage Starlinks access to testing, manufacturing, and analytics resources to provide data-driven answers to challenging business questions
Provide data and market feedback to drive engineering decisions
Execute go-to-market plan, diving into sales, marketing, finance, distribution, supply chain, support, and customer success; solve emerging problems in response to demanding, high-pressure situations as they arise
Support regulatory efforts with an understanding of Starlinks capabilities
Support commercialization efforts by ensuring that partner agreements are aligned with SpaceX business and technical objectives and that partners are able to maximize their efforts with SpaceX products
Work across multiple disciplines including cybersecurity, maintenance, flight crew and cabin workers, digital experience teams and engineering to ensure all parties have timely access to critical data, manuals, project schedules and technical notices relating to SpaceXs products
Produce deliverables on a tight timeline that incorporate partner input and deliverables
Manage multiple concurrent projects and provide regular updates on schedule and deliverables to senior management
Work across all stakeholders to ensure feedback is incorporated into project schedules and statement of work

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
10 years of professional experience in Aviation or Telecom industry
10 years of professional experience with strategy, integration, or aviation operations

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

10 years of professional experience with networks andor carriers
Experience navigating large-value contracts with technical and non-technical stakeholders
Experience working globally on a globally distributed team
Experience using data and simulation tools to drive high-level business decisions

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Ability to work long hours and weekends as necessary to support critical milestones 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
Pay Range: 
Network StrategyPrincipal: 160,000.00 - 205,000.00per year  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.