SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SMT SPECIALIST
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Execute new product introduction builds across all work centers
Assist with initial PCBA line setup, facility requests, and programming of equipment
Program, load, and operates automated equipment
Design custom fixtures for PCBA to ensure efficient process flow
Train technicians to runtroubleshoot complex machines
Triage non-conforming product and drives resolution and preventative actions
Resolve production issues while ensuring design integrity, product quality, and delivery timelines
Perform process development and validation on new models in extremely aggressive timelines
Ensure the successful transition of a products development
Identify continuous improvement opportunities for yield, performance, and cost
Define maintenance schedules and support activities
Optimize and configure processes and equipment for building surface mount electronics assemblies
Perform design of experiments (DOE) to optimize SMT process yield
Specify equipment requirements for new PCBA build processes
Develop design for manufacturability (DFM) guidelines for PCBA designs
Provide solutions to streamline space-grade circuit board assembly and test processes which may include flying probe, AOI, and functional testing, reflow soldering, selective soldering, and conformal coating
Resolve production issues on the spot while ensuring design integrity allowing us to stay on schedule
Facilitate a close relationship with the engineering team during design, build, and test to provide design feedback

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of experience working in SMT or PCBA process engineering

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Passion for advancing the commercial space industry and human spaceflight
Strong work ethic and drive to succeed
Ability to work in a fast paced, autonomously driven, and demanding start-up atmosphere
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal
Experience producing J-STD-001 Class 2, IPC-A-610 Class 2 or equivalent hardware
Hands on experience with optimizing SMT pick and place, reflow oven, conformal coating, or through hole soldering systems
Passion for advancing the commercial space industry and human spaceflight

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work extended hours andor weekends as required
Must be able to lift 25 pounds unassisted
Standing for long periods of time, climbing up and down ladders, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, and stretching may be required to perform the functions of this position

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:             
Pay range:       
SMT Specialist Level 1: 32.00 - 40.00hour       
SMT Specialist Level 2: 36.00 - 45.00hour       
SMT Specialist Level 3: 40.00 - 50.00hour       
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  


SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.