SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
VIDEO  VOICE ADMINISTRATOR 
The Video  Voice Administrator will deploy and maintain the video and voice communications systems at our Hawthorne facility. Youll be tightly integrated with the engineering teams that design our rockets and spaceships as well as with our Emmy award-winning webcast team on the launch and event broadcasts for the company.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Maintain the SpaceX video and voice systems for the Hawthorne, CA site.
Work with engineers to help deploy new SDI and IP cameras.
Work with the launch and engineering teams to deploy and maintain the operational voice system for launches including the launch comm panels and wireless 2-way radio system.
Locate pain points for vehicle controllers and recovery teams with regards to live video and voice, work to design, implement, deploy and own those solutions.
Installation, configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting of fixed and IP cameras.
Assist in job walks and in determining needs for new installations and redesigns.
Fabricate, repair, and assemble hardwareequipment needed for live video and voice comms.
Collaborate with all staff members and stakeholders in the development and use of proper procedures in support of live video and voice technology.
Ensure all components and materials are clean and serviceable.
Perform a variety of related duties in support of live video and voice operations, as needed.
Develop novel ways to streamline processes and increase the reliability of live video and voice at SpaceX.
Work with NVR and DVR systems to record video feeds on our land and sea-based assets.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in engineering or STEM discipline and 1 years of experience working with video systems (i.e. IP cameras, SDI distribution system); or 3 years of experience working with video systems (i.e. IP cameras, SDI distribution system) in lieu of a degree.
1 years of experience with video over IP and baseband SDI.
1 years of experience with voice communications systems (i.e. RTS, ClearComm, MOTOTRBO).

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Basic knowledge of TCPIP networking protocols.
3 years of experience in basic construction techniques and the use of power tools, hand tools, and calibrated tooling.
Intermediate understanding of SDI routers and signal flow.
Administrator level understanding of RTS Intercoms including RVON, OMNEO and Trunk Master.
Administrator level understanding of MOTOTRBO 2-way digital radio systems including RF environmental analysis.
Experience in the space exploration industry, aviation, military or other high-reliability operating environment.
Basic experience in project management.
Ability to read and understand basic wiring schematics and construction blueprints.
Communication skills for relaying data (verbally and in-writing) between other employees and customers.
Ability to work effectively in a team environment.
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Valid drivers license.
Ability to work in tight quarters and physical dexterity is necessary to preform job functions.
Availability for overtime and weekends, as the schedule varies depending on site operational needs; flexibility is required.
Availability for occasional travel, as required (25).
Position is subject to pre-employment and (as applicable) periodic background, drug, and alcohol testing.
Ability to pass Air Force background check for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg Space Force Base.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay Range:    Video  Voice Administrator: 85,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.    
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.