SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. FULL STACK ENGINEER (IT SYSTEMS)
As a Full Stack Engineer on the IT network engineering team, you will design and develop software to manage our large fleet of network hardware and build automation and tooling to enhance the efficiency of our operations. The tools and applications you build will empower the networking team to manage their deployed assets in both mission and enterprise environments while also bringing enhanced development to key features across various internal and external platforms. On this team, we will rely on you to be a key figure in the successful development of mission critical, high performance web applications.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Develop well-architected, responsive, and performant web applications
Develop highly reliable and available software systems for the network engineering team
Design and implement data collection and ingestion pipeline to empower network reliability and operation tools (network telemetry, failure detection, alert generation, migration services, network visualization, etc.)
Design and implement highly available, fault-tolerant networks that operates for long periods of time with minimal maintenance at scale
Deliver expert level JavaScript, HTML, and CSS code for modern browsers
Full stack application development
Craft aesthetically and functionally flawless user experiences
Develop prototypes to prove out key design concepts and quantify technical constraints
Deep dive into your users problems to find and create efficient solutions
Bring your voice to the table in team collaborations on architecture, design, and code reviews

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or scientific discipline and 5 years of professional experience building software; OR 7 years of professional experience building software in lieu of a degree
3 years of professional experience in full stack development

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Programming experience in Python, C.NET, Go, Scala, Java, or similar object-oriented language
Production experience with Docker and Kubernetes
Front-end experience in Angular, React, or similar JavaScript framework
Database experience with PostgreSQL, SQL Server, or similar database technologies
Experience with version control, continuous integration, and continuous delivery concepts
Expertise in profiling and improving application performance
Experience with build systems (Make, BazelPantsBuck, Gradle) and package management tools (pip, npm)
Strong attention to detail
Experience with UNIX-like operating systems and CICD tools
Experience with networking protocols

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to travel to support program needs (25) 
Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed
Must be available for on-call rotations 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:   Full Stack EngineerSenior: 160,000.00 - 220,000.00per year                 
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.               
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.