SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TEST TECHNICIAN (DRAGON)
Test Technicians work closely with the engineering department to support test operations on test stands and test fixtures for flight hardware. Dragon is a free-flying spacecraft designed to deliver both people and cargo to orbiting destinations.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Execute and run tests as required on flight and ground support hardware to support the launch manifest (hydraulic, pneumatic proof, leak, thermal and electrical tests)
Communicate and work with engineers to develop and document test procedures
Assist in the design and fabrication of test fixtures, test setups, and test stands
Improve area safety and efficiency through regular auditing and continuous improvement
Identifying training needs and developing training programs in line with the hardware that is being tested
Assist in the identification, installation and implementation of test equipment, instrumentation and data acquisition systems
Ensure test equipment is maintained and calibrated as well as track calibration schedules
Lead efforts to uncover root-cause and develop permanent resolution on issues found during product builds

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of experience working in an aerospace, manufacturing, military or automotive environment
1 years of experience performing hydraulic, pneumatic proof, leak, thermal, and electrical tests

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience with test operations procedures including hydraulic load control, hydropneumatic pressure control, and safe handling of flight parts
Ability to read electro-mechanical schematics to accomplish checkouts
Ability to troubleshoot programs and systems and determine root causes and implement fixes
Ability to install and use test instrumentation sensors, including strain gages, deflection gages, pressure transducers, load cells, thermocouples, RTDs, accelerometers, and analog circuitry
Ability to fabricate and repair cable harnesses including soldering, crimping, assembling connectors
Ability to read mechanical assembly drawings and blueprints
Strong computer skillset, including Microsoft Office navigation and file manipulation
Strong interpersonal and verbal communication skills
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment
Ability to solve complex problems with minimal supervision on tight schedules
Ability to take project goals inputs and works towards that end-goal beyond individual task assignment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, andor weekends as needed. Nominal hours - 7:00 AM to 5:00 PM
Must be able to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Standing, lifting, bending, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          Test TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour        Test TechnicianLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour        Test TechnicianLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour        
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.