SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
BUILD SUPERVISOR (PROP SYSTEMS)
The Build Supervisor is responsible for leading a team of fabricators, welders, and technicians building propulsion assemblies for the Starship and Super Heavy vehicles. The Build Supervisor is the most influential person on-site to drive progress on an hour-by-hour and day-by-day basis. The Supervisor of the team will take technical direction from the engineering team and turn it into reality by building, retaining, and managing their team effectively; distributing labor resources, prioritizing certain aspects of the build, and setting headcount requirements where necessary. The Supervisor is also a key enabler to a productive, fun, and hard-working culture. For this role specifically, it is highly important that the Supervisor is an inspiring leader, oftentimes working side by side with their build team.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Supervise shop floor activity, including daily schedules and workflow
Lead and manage a staff of 30 technicians including all performance management related tasks
Review work instructions and make change recommendations when needed
Assess and vet appropriate skillsets as needed
Identify training needs and develop training programs
Provide required data and reporting to support departmental metrics and improvement objectives
Monitor labor hours and overtime, and implement improvement plans and time management with staff
Accomplish production results by communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, appraising job results
Effectively organize, assign and track workdeliverables for the team, ensuring seamless progression through multi-shift work schedules
Initiate and foster a spirit of cooperation within and between departments
Ensure product quality and conformance to specifications
Maintain tooling and consumable supply inventory
Improve area safety and efficiency through regular auditing and continuous improvement
Continuously improve process and manpower efficiency, utilization and productivity

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree or 8 years of experience in final assembly production: aviation, aerospace, mechanical systems
2 years of experience in a leading a team or a project

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

AP license
Experience applying lean manufacturing principles and efficiency methods
8 years of experience in final assembly and production in a fast paced manufacturing environment
Experience bringing teams and processes from development to production highly desirable
Familiarity with design for manufacturability, kaizen, lean manufacturing, six sigma, and failure mode effects analysis
Ability to effectively communicate (verbal and written) with Engineering and Production
Able to adapt to constant changing work assignments and fast paced work environment
Excellent concentration and attention to detail with outstanding work efficiency and accuracy

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Flight hardware is typically built in tight quarters and physical dexterity is required
Physical effort including sitting or standing for extended periods of time and lifting and carrying weight such as materials or equipment (up to 25 lbs. unassisted)
Work performed in an environment with exposure to fumes, odors, and noise
Occasionally exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments (heat, cold, rain)
Must be available to work extended hours and weekends, which varies depending on site operational needs; flexibility required
Must be available to work 1st shift or 2nd shift
Must be able to travel for short and extended trips as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range: 
Build SupervisorSupervisor: 105,000.00 - 135,000.00per year 
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 