SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
AVIONICS QUALITY INSPECTOR
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Inspection of EEE components to internal and industry standards to determine part conformity using microscope and hand inspection tools
Performs documentation review and verification of certifications, specifications, and conformance to design requirements
Approves or rejects items and documents based on inspection results as required
Communicates with internal customers and suppliers to resolve inspection discrepancies, documentation issues, and packaging damage
Uses electronic MRP system to document issues, route parts and components to proper departments
Resolves nonconformance and documentation issues, supports Quality Management System policies and procedure documentation, assesses compliance to company and industry standards, and participates in continual improvement and lean manufacturing initiatives
Communicates and resolves roadblocks timely and accurately to ensure delivery and on-time receipt status 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of inspection experience in an aerospace, aviation, military or manufacturing environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Ability to identify component parts, such as resistors, capacitors, integrated circuits, etc. including their value, part number, and polarity (if applicable)
Familiarity with SAE AS6496 principles (or equivalent) and experience in inspectingidentifying counterfeit products
Proficiency in the use of inspection tools (i.e., height gauges, calipers, and microscopes)
Demonstrated ability to work from blueprints, drawings, engineering documents, and manufacturing instructions
Must be able to determine hardware compliance through the use of specifications and instructions
Experience within the aerospace, automotive, semiconductor, or electronic fields
Experience with the control of nonconforming hardware, failureroot cause analysis, corrective  preventative processes
Good communication skills and the ability to articulate aerospace hardware and systems problems to technical professionals to initiate resolutions
Experience with Microsoft Word, Outlook and Excel

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work overtime and weekends as needed
Able to standwalk for up to 75 of shift time
Must be able to lift 25 lbs. unassisted, stoop, bend, crawl and being able to maneuver in tight spaces
Good visual acuity, either with the unaided eye or vision correction

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Quality InspectorLevel 1: 22.00 - 29.00hour    Quality InspectorLevel 2: 27.00 - 34.50hour    Quality InspectorLevel 3: 32.00 - 40.00hour        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.