SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
NETWORK ENGINEER (STARLINK)
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe.
As an engineer here, you will be a critical part of the Starlink network engineering team and help build, secure and operate a network with global visibility and scale. Engineers on this team manage network deployments and related configurations within the Starlink network and have a significant impact on the service delivered to our customers around the world.
RESPONSIBILITES:

Manage and expand network interconnections, network co-location sites and points of presence (POPs)
Improve network performance and reliability based upon system performance metrics, including capacity planning, failure detection and remediation
Assist in capacity augmentation and network optimization deployments
Lead network integration and troubleshooting efforts for the largest and most strategic Starlink customers
Collaborate with hardware, software, and network engineers to create or improve Starlink products.
Support sales teams with technical pre-sales support during the sales cycle by acting as the Starlink technical subject matter expert.
Assist in updating system configuration and firmware
Automation for network devices, operational and deployment tools
Assist in architecting how Starlink satellite assets will integrate with more traditional ground networks

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in a technical or engineering discipline or 2 years of professional networking experience deploying enterprise network solutions or cloud  web-scale networks
Layer-1 experience (Example: transport, DWDM, optics, circuit troubleshooting, activations, etc.)
Hands on experience with the build-out and deployment of hardware at datacenters and interacting with datacenters (e.g. remote hands, cross-connect execution, etc.)
Professional operating service provider experience
Experience bringing up switches, routers, firewalls  servers
Operational experience in a Linux production environment
Experience with Python andor bash scripting

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Service provider networks including but not limited to:

Connectivity (Ethernet, IPv4, IPv6 and MPLS)
Routing (BGP, OSPF, IS-IS)
Internet services (DNS, DHCP, NTP)


Background on network automation
Experience creating documentation and procedures
Cisco, Juniper, Arista or other industry certifications

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to do some travel domestically and globally when needed 
Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed
Must be available for on-call rotations 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay Range:    Network EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    Network EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year      
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 