
SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
HARDWARE ENGINEER, PCBA MANUFACTURING (STARLINK) 
Starlink demands a new type of supply chain. We require our suppliers to provide premium quality with rapidly evolving designs at commercial scale volumes. We are actively looking for candidates who possess comprehensive knowledge of manufacturing and quality tools and have unrelenting motivation to enable suppliers for success. This position requires a combination of proven leadership and technical capabilities.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Own and manage PCBA processes and PCBA products for in-house production
Drive processes for volume production of PCBA including manufacturing execution, nonconforming product management, configuration management, traceability tracking, and process control
Manage new product introduction of PCBA assemblies, working closely with design engineers, and process specialists
Manage work instructions, process documentation, and training
Track schedule, work-in-progress levels, and defect rates of owned products
Identify trends and opportunities for optimizing product output, quality enhancements, and cost of manufacturability
Drive corrective actions and process improvements on owned processes and products

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical, software, industrial, electrical, or other engineering discipline
1 years of experience in one of more of the following areas: manufacturing process, SMT, accelerated testing, design for reliability, or PCB design and layout

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

High volume production experience (consumer goods, automotive, etc.)
Hands-on experience working in SMT processing andor related PCBA processes from industry, research, or academic projects
Knowledge of statistical techniques and methods such as experiment design
Knowledge pf IPC manufacturing standards
Experience with SQL, Python
Experience with Six Sigma
Experience with basic failure analysis tools and methods (X-ray, cross-section, polishing)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Demonstrated ability to gather, analyze, and use date to drive systemic improvements
Ability to work both autonomously and as a team in a highly demanding, fast-paced environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to life heavy objects, up to 25 Ibs. unassisted
Willing to work weekend and extended hours as needed

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:             
Pay range:       
Hardware Engineer, PCBA Manufacturing (Starlink) Level I: 100,000.00 - 120,000.00per year     
Hardware Engineer, PCBA Manufacturing (Starlink) Level II: 115,000.00 - 135,000.00per year     
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.