SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars. 
STRUCTURES TECHNICIAN (F9 SUBASSEMBLY)
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Modification, repair, assembly, and installation of the rocket and spacecraft.
Use tooling holes, pilot holes, or by hand (as required), per drawing or tooling instructions.
Align parts and secure in place using clecos or toolinghand clamps.
Check for good edge margins and alignment.
Shim andor trim parts as required.
Select drill bits, reamers andor countersinking tools for pilot and full size holes.
Locate, drill pilot holes using drill motor and proper size drill bit(s).
Drill, ream, countersink full size holes in partsassemblies, in proper sequence and to correct size using drill motor.
Set countersinking tools to proper depth as required.
Disassemble parts and deburr holes using chip chasers, deburring tools, and files to prepare for installation of fasteners.
Use solvents to clean surfaces prior to sealing or assembly.
Apply sealant, alodine, primer, adhesives, special finishes.
Load and unload ovens to bond detail parts to assemblies.
Handle and dispose of hazardous materials in approved manner.
Determine and obtain correct type and size fasteners.
Cold work holes to prepare for close tolerance fastener installation.
Install bushings into housings using arbor press andor hydraulic puller.
Apply liquid nitrogen to facilitate installation of bushings.
Install fasteners in correct sequence per drawing, using correct tools (e.g., rivet gun and bucking bar, drill motor, power screwdriver, C-squeeze, ratchet wrench, nut runner).
Check work after completion of each operation in job andor completed job to ensure it is complete per drawing. 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate. 
1 years of assembly experience. 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience gained through the military or within an aviation manufacturing company. 
High-volume manufacturing experience.
Experience drilling, reaming, honing andor countersinking straight and close tolerance holes.
Experience using various types of hand tools andor hand-held power tools, floor-mounted power tools and precision measuring tools.
Capable of visualizing a three-dimensional shape from a two-dimensional view and understanding symbols, flag notes, and general notes.
Ability to perform basic arithmetic calculations accurately (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, decimals and fractions).
Experience making basic layouts on parts or assemblies in order to establish reference points and to check dimensions.
Experience reading and interpreting engineering drawings, blueprints, and specifications.
Experience operating computing equipment.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

This is a 1st shift position (5:00am - 3:30pm) with additional overtime or weekend work as needed.
Repetitive assembly operations, grasping, standing, lifting, bending, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position.
Must be able to lift up to 25lbs. unassisted.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Structures TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour    Structures TechnicianLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour    Structures TechnicianLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.    ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.