SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
GNC ENGINEER (STARSHIELD)
Starshield leverages SpaceXs Starlink technology and launch capability to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads.
As an engineer on this team, you will bring a passion and expertise in areas like control theory, state estimation, orbital mechanics, spacecraft systems design, optimization, and software development to join the Starshield guidance, navigation, and control (GNC).
There are several sub-teams within Starshield GNC with different focus areas. Applicants will interview for specific teams based on hiring needs and qualifications. Specific team responsibilities might include:

Working collaboratively to represent the satellite system in defining scope, requirements, vehicle software, and ground services
Acting as a cross disciplinary expert ensuring that the satellite system is able to meet mission objectives
Satellite orbit control, such as low thrust trajectory optimization, station-keeping and collision avoidance
Supporting on-orbit space vehicle operations through all phases of flight
Satellite attitude determination and control
Constellation traffic and fleet management, including development of supporting ground tooling
Constellation and network-level analysis of both existing and proposed systems
Drive improvements to the payloadbus interface design, automated fault detection and response, and alerting systems

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop highly reliable and performant GNC algorithms, flight software, simulations, tools, services, and dashboards using C or Python
Participate in architecture, design, and code reviews
Bulk analysis to review performance data from various elements of the Starshield constellation and hosted payloads
Write high quality technical documentation of programs, algorithms, or analysis
Support your relevant on-call operations rotation, commanding satellites or reviewing data to keep our vehicles, payloads, and networks continuously operating at peak performance
Lead investigations to understand the root-cause of on-orbit anomalies

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, aerospace, physics or an engineering discipline
Software development experience in either C or Python

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:
Some preferred skills and experience depend on the specific team within Starshield GNC.

Masters degree or PHD in an engineering discipline, computer science, or physics
Experience developing, debugging, and deploying software that has been used in real world applicationsprojects
Creative approach to problem solving, exceptional analytical skills and engineering fundamentals
Experience with automating complex systems
Cradle to grave development of three axis stabilized spacecraft incorporating momentum, magnetic, and propulsive control
Strong understanding of orbital mechanics, including low thrust trajectory optimization and station keeping
Experience with DockerKubernetes and Linux based operating systems
Experience in verifying GNC algorithm performance via simulation, and validation of the simulations models
Experience with space-based sensor platforms and state estimation, particularly attitude determination, orbit determination, GNSS, and radio navigation
General familiarity with the disciplines necessary for spacecraft flight including; structures, propulsion, avionics, GNC, flight software, dynamics, launch and mission operations, and integration. Practical experience in real world development of these systems is highly desired
Capable of identifying and solving complex problems with little to no supervision or direction
Passion for advancing the commercial space industry
Ability to work in a fast-paced, autonomously driven, and demanding start-up atmosphere
Excellent communication skills both written and verbal
Active Top Secret or Top Secret SCI clearance, or ability to obtain one desired

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Able to work extended hours and weekends as needed to support critical operations
An active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions; if so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    GNC EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    GNC EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year           Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.