SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.BUSINESS ANALYST, STARLINK LICENSING  ACTIVATION  Starlink will provide high-speed broadband to the world. As a member of the Global Licensing and Activation team, you will be an integral member of the team by providing support and directly contributing to enabling Starlink to become licensed as an internet service provider and bring new countries online to provide Starlink service.RESPONSIBILITIES:Oversee logistics of supplying Starlink devices to key customers in preparation for market activationProvide technical support for regulators and demo partnersManage internal licensing and activation tools and assist the regulatory compliance team in ensuring all reporting requirements are capturedManage regular contacts databasePrepare weekly licensing update drafts for Starlink leadership to finalize and send to stakeholderReview invoicing and submit payment requests for regulators and consultantsAssist with proposal and presentation preparationCoordinate, maintain, and communicate schedules and schedule narratives to both internal and external stakeholdersBASIC QUALIFICATIONS:Bachelors degree1 years of professional experience with project planning and integrated master scheduling using Microsoft Project, SmartSheet, or Primavera1 years of SQL programming experiencePREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:Degree in engineering, business, or STEM disciplineDemonstrated ability to improve efficiency and operational effectiveness by thinking strategically and critically and building broad, cross-functional relationshipsHighly skilled at taking in large quantities of information and presenting it in a clear and concise manner, both verbally and in writingAbility to work with limited supervision to develop and manage program plans and schedule4 years of production management, integrated operations, or complex project ownership experienceExperience with medium to large-sized (4000-8000 lines) projectsExperience creating and managing dashboards using data visualization tools (e.g. PowerBI) and with data analysis in Excel, VBA, Python, andor SQLADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:Must be willing to work long hours and occasional weekends when necessary to support proposal or critical project timelines.COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:Pay Range:Business AnalystLevel I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per yearBusiness AnalystLevel II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearYour actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.ITAR REQUIREMENTS:To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.