SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH  SAFETY ENGINEER 
The EHS Engineer will support Launch Operations at SpaceXs launch facility located on Vandenberg Air Force Base. This position is critical as the operation will rely on an EHS subject matter expert to mitigate occupational and compliance risk as they strive to meet an aggressive launch cadence and stretch the capabilities of existing processes to meet their goals. As an EHS Engineer, you will perform hazard assessments, incident investigations, work through employees safety concerns and issues, as well as strategize with site leaders to preventreduce injuries. In addition, you will ensure environmental compliance with all local, state, and federal regulatory requirements applicable to these departments.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and maintain compliance with all applicable regulations andor guidelines established by Cal-OSHA, Federal OSHA, NFPA, NIOSH and Vandenberg Air Force Base
Collaborate with department leadership to complete job hazard assessments and implement health and safety policies and procedures
Participate in both pre and post launch site hazardous operations
Monitor employee exposure to physical and chemical hazards, and develop recommendations for remedial actions when safety policies are not met by employees
Inspect facilities, machinery, and safety equipment in order to identify and correct potential hazards, and implement machine guarding when needed
Complete and maintain documented safety observations from regular hazard identification audits
Investigate industrial accidents, injuries, or occupational diseases to determine root causes, corrective actions and preventive measures
Develop and maintain compliance with all applicable regulations established by the EPA, CUPA, SBAQMD, RWQCB, CEQA and NEPA, and perform due diligence audits when needed
Review and interpret new and proposed environmental laws and regulations, and provide guidance to management
Maintain recordkeeping and compliance requirements established for permitted sources defined by the local SCAQMD
Responsible for hazardous and non-hazardous waste management

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree
3 years of experience in the design, development, andor general operational oversight of environmental, health, and safety disciplines

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in engineering with an emphasis in occupational health and safety andor environmental engineering
Experience in both environmental and safety fields
Strong organizational and communication skills
Familiarity with confined space entry, fall protection, and industrial hygiene programs
Experience with interpreting, applying, and documenting federal, state, and local safety and environmental regulations such as the SCAQMD
Experience with emergency response communication and incident management in incidents involving hazardous and nonhazardous material releases to air, soil, and water
Intermediate Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, and Outlook)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work extended hours andor weekends as needed
Ability to pass Air Force background check for Vandenberg

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Environmental Health  Safety EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearEnvironmental Health  Safety EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 