
SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TECHNICAL TRAINER, STARLINK SATELLITE PRODUCTION
A Technical Trainer is driven by the fundamental belief that education and knowledge are power. But a SpaceX Technical Trainer combines that belief with strong senses of urgency, creativity, and resourcefulness and loves opportunities for hands-on application. The ideal candidate brings applicable industry experience to the table and will be armed with strong communication skills and an innovative problem-solving ability.  
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Create course materials, such as live demonstrations, PowerPoints and online tools, student handouts, and tests, for instructor-led programs with student assessments.
Partner directly with subject matter experts to design and develop engaging content for a variety of audiences and delivery modes (online, classroom, etc.) with clear strategies and tactics to achieve desired learning outcomes.  Including but not limited to: safety cablewire, fastener installation, high pressure systems, ERP training.
Lead training modules (classroom and online) for Production  Engineering personnel on a variety of technical topics.
Organize, schedule, manage enrollments, record attendance, and ensure training materials are available for in-person training courses to meet customer demand.
Administer and update training records via Personnel Qualifications. Including Skill and Qualification creation.
Monitor human error trends as a result of training to assess training impacts and provide solutions.
Engage production management, engineering, and subject matter experts to gather feedback and process improvements for training modules.
Evaluate the effectiveness of the teams learning initiatives (both initial and ongoing) through collecting and analyzing data and tracking key metrics (through surveys, focus groups, interviews, etc.).
Coordinate with third party vendors for specialized resources and instruction which are outside of SpaceXs expertise.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Minimum of 5 years of experience in a manufacturing environment.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline.
Airframe  Powerplant (AP) license.
Proficiency with Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software.
Skills to independently analyze, review, and research manufacturing processes and applicable standards.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Talking with others comes naturally, you derive satisfaction from resolving issues, and you can distill complex concepts into the simplest explanations. You internalize customer concerns, solve them, and keep it positive.
Ability to demonstrate an in depth understanding of production manufacturing processes (e.g. drilling, riveting, component assembly and pressure testing capabilities) and machine operation.
Proficiency with the development of training programs and materials, including student assessments.
Experience with video editing and online training module development.
Demonstrated experience as a team-oriented self-starter, eager to meet and exceed objectives, with the ability to handle a multi-project environment.
Ability to read engineering drawings.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:
Technical TrainerLevel I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per year
Technical TrainerLevel II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 