SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
EDM MACHINIST
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Setup andor operate multiple EDM machines
Machine parts to required tolerances while meeting expected completion dates
Develop, track, and optimize machining parameters for different materials
Develop and make any required fixturing to support the EDM area
Perform preventative maintenance of EDM machines as required
Perform other various machining functions while machines are running to support the operations of the shop
Measurement and inspection of tight tolerance parts using various gages, indicators, and micrometers

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of wire or sinker EDM operating experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

5 years CNC wire or sinker EDM set-up, operating, and basic programming experience
Experience with CNC EDM hole drillinghole popper setup
Experience reading and interpreting blue prints and experience with GDT
Advanced knowledge of EDM programming
Advanced knowledge of EDM work holding
5 years of experience with Sodick wire machines
Strong knowledge of cutting parameters for copper and high temperature alloys

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available for 1st shift (5:00 AM to 3:30 PM) or 2nd shift (3:30 PM to 2 AM)
Must be able to work all shifts, overtime, andor weekends as needed
Standing for long periods of time, climbing up and down ladders, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, and stretching are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Must be able to lift up to 25 lbs unassisted

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    EDM MachinistLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour    EDM MachinistLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour    EDM MachinistLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.