SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
GNC ENGINEER, STARLINK DISH
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 2M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe.
As an engineer on this team, you will bring a passion and expertise in areas like control theory, state estimation, orbital mechanics, spacecraft systems design, optimization, and software development to join the Starlink guidance, navigation, and control (GNC). Come help us write the autopilot algorithms for thousands of satellites (the worlds largest constellation!) and more than one million user terminals, enabling access to high speed broadband internet in all corners of the world.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Design and analysis of GNC logic for consumer and enterprise Starlink phased array antennas.

Real-time angular and translational navigation using onboard sensors and optimal state estimation techniques.
Design of beam-steering logic to track and hand-off satellites while maximizing link integrity in challenging operational environments.


Develop features which will enable Starlink to be deployed in a variety of new applications, including ships, aircraft, spacecraft, and more.
Provide engineering and data review support for hardware development, special projects, and customer support triage.
Work with hardware engineers on the design and specification of future user terminal products and their navigation sensor packages.
Model derivation and high fidelity simulation for development and validation of prototype features.
Implementation, validation, unit testing, and deployment of production software (C) pertinent to the systems described above.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in aerospace, physics, or an engineering discipline.
Software development experience in C.
Experience in technical analysis scripting and visualization via Matlab or Python.
Experience with attitude determination.
Experience with state estimation algorithms.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree or PhD in physics or an engineering discipline.
Demonstrated project or professional experience in state estimation, feedback control, robotics, antenna design and actuation, or similar.
Direct experience with inertial navigation systems.
Direct experience with GNSS.
Direct experience with phased array antenna systems.
Linux development experience.
Strong understanding of classical dynamics, modeling and simulation, and software development.
Capable of identifying and solving complex problems with little to no supervision or direction.
Passion for advancing the commercial space industry.
Ability to work in a fast paced, autonomously driven, and demanding start-up atmosphere.
Excellent communication skills both written and verbal.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    GNC EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    GNC EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k)-retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 
 