SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
METROLOGIST
The Metrologist will perform calibration, compensation and repair of electronic, physicaldimensional, mechanical, thermodynamic, andor chemical Inspection, Measurement and Test Equipment (IMTE) for SpaceXs world-class measurement applications and facilities.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Follow procedures to perform routine and complex tasks related to the calibration, compensation, repair and maintenance of electronic, physicaldimensional, mechanical, thermodynamic andor chemical IMTE
Use measurement reference standards and calibration systems to verify conformance of IMTE with associated performance criteria
Assure compliance of SpaceX Metrology to SpaceX Quality Management System, AS9100D and ISO9001 requirements
Assist Metrology Engineering in assessing, modifying and implementing metrology processes and applications
Support IMTE end users and owners regarding IMTE use and measurement best practices
Serve as IMTE subject matter expert for supported measurement parameters

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of experience in the repair and calibration of IMTE

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

3 years of professional and  or academic experience
Experience using, calibrating, compensating and  or repairing high accuracy, high precision measurement equipment
Training in defense, aerospace, energy and  or medical settings
Excellent quantitative and verbal reasoning skills
AC  DC low frequency IMTE calibration, compensation and repair experience
Precision Measurement Equipment Laboratory (PMEL) andor Test Measurement and Diagnostic Equipment (TMDE) experience
Familiarity with ISO  IEC 17025, AS9100D and ISO9001
Familiarity with Calibration Management and Metrology Information Systems (MIS), specifically IndySoft
American Society for Quality (ASQ) Certified Calibration Technician (CCT)
Experience with and in-depth knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Able to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Ability to work overtime and weekends as needed
Ability to balance and provide timely execution of multiple assigned tasks and projects

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
Pay range: 
Metrologist Level 1: 21.00hour
Metrologist Level 2: 26.00hour
Metrologist Level 3: 31.00hour  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.