SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
BENEFITS ANALYST
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Manage and oversee assigned claims on an on-going basis. Responsible for effectively managing claims to closure
Explain workers compensation benefits and procedures to injured employees and coordinate return-to-work opportunities
Interpret and explain rules, regulations, and procedures to employees and management
Coordinate and facilitate claims process by acting as a liaison between the injured employee, employees leadership team, insurance third party administrator, medical provider, and consultant
Work closely with on-site safety department to conduct initial incident investigation and gather relevant information to file the claim. Identify any apparent red flags and escalate issues as appropriate for prompt and effective resolution
Investigate, analyze, and determine the extent of the companys exposure with workers compensation claims
Respond to workers compensation subpoenas in an expeditious manner
Other duties and responsibilities as assigned including but not limited to:

Health and welfare benefits and retirement plan administration
Company wellness initiatives and employee services
Leaves of absence administration



BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree
2 years of human resources experience in benefits administration, leave administration, or workers compensation

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Human Resources certification (PHR) and professional Human Resources affiliations
Ability to use independent judgment and prioritize work
Demonstrated excellence thriving in a fast-paced environment
Effective verbal, written, and presentation communication skills
Demonstrate proficiency with MS Office, especially Excel
Attention to detail and commitment to quality
Highly collaborative style and strong team orientation
Highly organized with ability to manage multiple high-priorities in a fast-paced, loosely structured environment
Bilingual in Spanish and English

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

This position requires being onsite - remote work is not considered

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:      
Pay range:      
Benefits AnalystLevel I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per yearBenefits AnalystLevel II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 
 