SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
HUMAN RESOURCES COORDINATOR, ENGINEERING  SGA
As a Human Resources Coordinator, you will be responsible for supporting a diverse employee population with crucial services for the full employee life-cycle. This position will assist with employee onboarding, HRIS administration, and partnering with the HR team to implement both local and company-wide programs. Success in this role requires superior internal and external customer service, attention to detail, and ability to thrive in a fast-paced and constantly changing environment.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Maintain our HRIS for all employee life-cycle processes.
Respond to employee inquiries, questions and concerns.
Provide information, guidance and direction on HR policies, programs, and processes to employees and managers.
Serve as the onboarding point of contact for the new hire program and support new employees transition into SpaceX.
Ensure employee electronic files are accurate and updated, and assist with HR reporting and audit requests.
Assist with the creation of, documentation, and implementation of human resources policies, programs, and processes.
Respond to initial unemployment claims and employment verifications.
Provide support to the HR team and deliver core HR services to the workforce.
Assist HR team in identifying department needs, recommending changes, and implementing improvements.
Facilitate site-wide events, such as benefits fairs, volunteer efforts, and team celebrations.
Support the recruitment team with staffing-related support activities.
Maintain standards of strict confidentiality with respect to all matters and documents.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree.
6 months of administrative experience (internships may qualify).

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

3.5 GPA or higher
1 years of intern or professional experience in a human resources role.
Basic understanding of labor laws and an interest in keeping up on trends and updates in HR.
Demonstrated excellence thriving in a fast-paced environment and embracing change.
Experience using Workday, Greenhouse, and UltiPro is highly preferred.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with attention to detail.
Experience in an HR operations capacity.
Ability to collaborate in a team environment and pitch in as needed.
Ability to work with employees and managers at all levels of the organization.
Customer service-oriented approach to all requests, with a focus on accuracy and timeliness.
Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.
Experience using PowerPoint, Word, Outlook, and Excel.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Position requires ability to work overtime when needed.
This is not a remote position and will require relocation if not already local to the Hawthorne, CA area.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:HR CoordinatorLevel 1: 27.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.

 
