SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars. 
MISSION MANAGER (STARSHIELD)
Starshield leverages SpaceXs Starlink technology and launch capability to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads.
As a member of our Mission Management team, you will serve as a core point of contact for customers from early capabilities studies through successful launch and on-orbit activation. Youll support new business proposals from initial requirements verification through mission design, prototype development, and test. Youll work directly with a small team of subject matter experts from diverse fields to quickly iterate on deployable solutions and ensure they meet all customer needs. Our development timelines are aggressive and you will be asked to rigorously explore solutions for previously unsolved problems. Our ideal candidate has a passion for making things work, is a self-starter, and is hungry to do work that matters.
As a Mission Manager, you will serve as the main technical and programmatic point of contact for a given customer. Youll coordinate internal SpaceX personnel to support all phases of mission planning, integration, testing, and verification.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Lead all programmatic aspects of programs, from contract award through integration, test, launch, and on-orbit operations to ensure all contract requirements are met.
Support proposal efforts to align new efforts with long-term strategic vision and engineering objectives, and to ensure contract requirements are executable.
Be the primary point of contact for your customer, to resolve issues, negotiate requirements, coordinate technical and contractual changes, and maintain positive relationships.
Plan and lead customer reviews through cross-company coordination, developing and briefing technical content on complex designs, trade studies, risks, and issues.
Collaborate with product engineering groups to understand vehicle readiness and how changes impact requirements, vehicle risk, CONOPs, and launch dates.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering or science discipline.
5 years of experience in program management, project management, systems engineering, or operations.
2 years of experience with US government projects or acquisitions.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

8 years of experience in program management or project management.
Experience working with satellite communication and other aerospace systems.
Experience with IDIQ and other Government contract vehicles.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, autonomously driven, and demanding start-up atmosphere.
Experience with Spacecraft mission design, development, integration, andor test experience.
Experience with management or program leadership experience. 
Strong penchant for innovation in process improvement and system design. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with direct experience negotiating technical deliverables or scope.
Strong interpersonal skills, and an ability to tailor communications to the audience.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Active Top Secret or Top Secret SCI clearance preferred. Must be willing to pursue a clearance if not already cleared. Note that an active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions. If so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing.
Must pass DoD level background checks for entry into various government facilities.
Ability to travel up to 25 of the time.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
Pay Range:    
Mission Manager: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year.       
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience. Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.    
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.