SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MACHINE MAINTENANCE MANAGER (STARLINK)
SpaceX is looking for a driven and experienced machine maintenance manager to support high-volume Starlink Product manufacturing efforts. This candidate will be operating in a fast paced and ever-evolving environment, as part of the team working to build the hardware required to connect people all around the world to the internet. The Starlink Machine Maintenance Manager will lead a team in designing and operating a robust maintenance system with the goal of providing maximum equipment availability and production line uptime to maximize output of Starlink production.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Lead the Starlink Production Machine Maintenance Team with an approach that results in maximum machine availability and production throughput
Understand the technical and schedule challenges of Starlink production lines and equipment and translate these expectations into a positive maintenance strategy and an effective team
Work with a team to design and build systems to consistently track and execute maintenance tasks on schedule with minimal impact to line uptime
Lead the team by example in fault finding, maintenance strategy, and personal presentation
Establish root cause of technical incidents and work to eliminate recurrences
Catch and eliminate recurring problems, in cooperation with asset owners and responsible engineers
Organize multi-month work plans and also react with real-time plans based on the criticality of equipment to company goals
Ensure spare parts inventory is managed to allow rapid response to critical technical events
Raise and justify asset improvement projects to ensure long-term sustainability of the maintenance process
Support project engineers with large equipment refurbishments and new asset introduction
Advise and support other teams on complex issue resolution and provide feedback on production line designs and layouts from a maintenance-focused perspective
Coach the maintenance team to think strategically about downtime prevention and long-term resolution of issues, while maintaining a culture of efficiency and quick reaction to downtime events
Maintain organized, efficient, and presentable team workspaces
Perform day-to-day administrative and management tasks including performance reviews, skills matrix and training, timecard approvals, recruiting, and maintenance KPI analysis

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline or 5 years of leadership experience in a production environment 
3 years of experience in aerospace (airframe, launch vehicle, military) or high-volume manufacturing

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Management experience
Hands-on maintenance or manufacturing experience
Knowledge of hydraulic systems, pneumatics, and mechanical theory
Knowledge of instrumentation, data acquisition  control systems, and high-power electrical systems
Experience with machine or complex system maintenance
Demonstrable hands-on skill in troubleshooting, fault finding, problem resolution, and breakdown management
Strong communication skills, both written and oral
Ability to bring multiple departments with different priorities together and steer them to a common goal
Proficient with Microsoft Office products and capable of quickly learning a variety of scheduling and other proprietary software
Work with a computerized maintenance managementresource planning system
Experience in a role where quick-thinking and problem solving were critical

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Physical effort including standing (up to 6 hours) and ability lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Work in industrial environments with fumesodors, noise, hazardous chemicals, confined spaces
Must be willing to work all shifts, extended hours and weekends as needed
Able to travel up to 10

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:       
Pay range:          Manager, Machine Maintenance: 130,000.00 - 180,000.00per year  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.