SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. COST ANALYST
Were looking for a Sr. Cost Analyst to join our product costing team. This position will be involved with many aspects of accounting and finance and will be a key contributor in reporting strong unit-cost analysis for our manufactured products, producing timely financial reporting, and ensuring our financial accounting is accurate.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Create and implement flexible and actionable product-costing models across a variety of SpaceX manufactured products (e.g. Falcon, Dragon, Starship, Starlink)
Manage inventory valuation for multiple production locations, maintain inventory reconciliations, and set up capabilities for new sitesprograms
Partner with production and engineering leaders to set cost reduction targets and regularly prepare and analyze key performance indicators (KPIs) to track execution against those productivity goals
Perform FPA analysis for production and supply chain department spend and identify opportunities to drive efficiencies
Review and update standard costs and bill of materials with labor, burden and outside service costs
Analyze and record RD inventory expenses to the correct projects and departments
Develop and enhance tools that will drive unit-cost reductions across key products
Manage year-end audit requests regarding inventory, cost of goods sold, and RD spending
Support cost estimates for percent completion revenue accounting and perform project accounting analysis
Present monthly inventory close metrics to production and finance leadership
Establish, document, and deploy control procedures over accounting and financial activities

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in finance, accounting, economics, business, mathematics, engineering or other technical discipline
4 years of experience in general accounting, cost accounting, financial operations, or financial analysis of manufacturing activities

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience with SQL
Advanced Excel modeling and reporting skills
CPA designation with strong knowledge of GAAP for manufacturing businesses
Experience developing Power BI dashboards
Experience with SOX compliance

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Cost Analyst Senior: 90,000.00 - 145,000.00per year      Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 
 