SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
AVIONICS INTEGRATION  TEST TECHNICIAN (STARSHIP)
RESPONSIBILITIES

Read, interpret, and work from released schematics and drawings as well as from uncontrolled documentation. Interpret design intent and provide feedback to engineering to complete documentation
Perform validation and testing of various electronic components using equipment such as multi-meters, oscilloscopes, network analyzers, and test racks
Perform integration on a full system suite of electronics to include on-vehicle, ground segment, and launch mount applications. Additionally, document the results in a clear, precise, and complete manner
Mechanically assemble complex electro-mechanical assemblies, high quality wire harnesses, test racks, junction boxes, and associated components involving hand soldering and component fabrication
Monitor and control vehicle stage software to aid in avionics checkout procedures
Assist engineering in the development of avionics build, design, and systems processes to include developing planning for interim dispositions to streamline instrumentation troubleshooting and standard repair procedures
Self-monitor work progress and achieve on time delivery of all work

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
3 years of experience manufacturing wire harnesses or electro-mechanical sub-assemblies 
2 years of experience using electronics equipment (e.g. DMMs, oscilloscopes, network analyzers, power supplies, DAQs, etc.)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE

Experience in aerospace, aviation, military, or other high-reliability industry
Skill in operating and manipulating machinery and various hand and power tools requiring manual dexterity
Ability to use precision measuring instruments
Prior or current IPC-A-620, NASA 8739-4, J-STD-001, or SpaceX AV1200-4 certifications
Basic knowledge of electronics theory and principles
Experience drafting or modeling in a 3D environment
Experience using schematic capture applications
Experience with Atlassian tools including Confluence and JIRA
Excellent communication (written and verbal) and teamwork skills
Excellent concentration and attention to detail with outstanding work efficiency and accuracy

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work all shifts and available for overtime and weekends as needed.
Some travelling will be necessary - 10
Standing for long periods of time, climbing up and down ladders, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, and stretching are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Must be able to lift up to 25lbs. unassisted
Ability to pass NASA-STD-8739.6B Section 5.7.6 Vision and Color requirements

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: Pay range:Avionics Integration  Test TechnicianLevel 1: 21.00hourAvionics Integration  Test TechnicianLevel 2: 26.00hourAvionics Integration  Test TechnicianLevel 3: 31.00hour Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.