SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PROPULSION TECHNICIAN (MERLIN TURBOPUMPINJECTOR)
The propulsion technician is responsible for the assembly and testing of rocket hardware. Candidates should possess a combination of solid mechanical knowledge, hands-on experience and the willingness and ability to learn. This is a dynamic position that requires the flexibility to work on different systems, the ability to troubleshoot anomalies, and can work autonomously to defined schedules while keeping safety and quality at the forefront of everything that is done. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Support day-to-day production which includes manufacturing processes such as EB  TIG welding, precision cleaning, non-destructive testing, heat treat, machining, and assembly
Troubleshoot failure modes and provide photo documentation and feedback to engineering
Use precision calibrated tools  torque wrenches, micrometers and calipers
Perform blending, filing and shearing of sheet metal piece parts
Perform work according to procedures, specifications and test instructions
Read and interpret technical drawings, and follow detailed work instructions
Perform other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment
Accurately record daily work completion to report to the lead technician
Responsible for maintaining a professional and neat work area

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of experience working in a production, mechanical, military, or manufacturing environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience working in an aerospace manufacturing environment with mechanical and electrical systems
Strong mathematical, basic computer, problem solving, and decision-making skills, and strong written and verbal communication skills
Embodies team mentality, coachable and reliable
The ability to work independently or as part of a team, meet aggressive schedules, operate and understand readouts on standard cell instrumentation
Proficient with computers and the ability to use MS Office
FAA AP certificate
5S knowledge and experience
High attention to detail in order to ensure safety and accuracy of testing procedures
Previous interaction and correspondence with support engineers

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, and weekends as needed. 1st shift is (5:00 AM - 3:30 PM)
Must be able to lift a min. of 25 lbs. unassisted
Must be able to stand for extended periods  8 hours min
Must be able to stoop, bend, crawl, and being able to maneuver in tight spaces

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Propulsion TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hourPropulsion TechnicianLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hourPropulsion TechnicianLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.

ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
