SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
RECEIVING SPECIALIST - 1ST SHIFT
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Document production non-conformance occurrences in accordance with prescribed procedures
Utilize and understand Warpdrive and other SpaceX system programs
Receive all materialspackages and transact receipt in the ERP system, and process hold packages
Createprint routing labels and other required identifiers for the receipt of materialpackages
File and maintain records of incoming paperwork
Verify all material received for conformity with accompanying paperwork, checking for damage, correct part numbers and quantity as required
Interface with carriers, internal customers, purchasing and other related departments to resolve problems relative to receipt and distribution of material
Perform good housekeeping chores in area
Operate forklifts and powered industrial equipment per safety procedures
Collaborate with various internal and external groups to coordinate return shipments
Review stagnant inventory reports to ensure location accuracy

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
3 years of experience in a supply chain or manufacturing environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

3 years of experience in a receiving role 
Strong people management skills and technical understanding to provide hands-on leadership
Experience with the control of nonconforming hardware, failureroot cause analysis, corrective and preventative processes
Experience operating a forklift and other related powered industrial equipment
Experience in a high-volume manufacturing, aerospace, automotive, or commercial aircraft environment
Experience with an ERP system
Experience with scanning equipment (RF scanner, handheld scanner, etc.)
Strong computer skills, including familiarity with the Microsoft suite

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work the following shift: Monday - Friday 9:30am to 8pm
Able to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted 
Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Must be willing to work overtime and weekends as needed
Must be willing to work in an open-aired environment, lacking temperature controls and possible exposure to noise and dust
Must be able to standwalk for up to 75 of shift time

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:    Pay range:          Receiving SpecialistLevel 1: 20.00hour             Receiving SpecialistLevel 2: 22.00 - 26.00hour            Receiving SpecialistLevel 3: 24.50 - 28.50hour            
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.