SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
ELECTRICIAN, LAUNCH PAD (STARSHIP) - LEVEL 45
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Repair and replace defective parts in electrical fixtures
Install, maintain, and repair electrical and electronic components of machinery and equipment, including hydraulic and pneumatic devices
Perform preventative repair and maintenance of field, plant, and shop electronic and electrical systems, devices, equipment and components
Install enhancements and major upgrades to plant electrical subsystems
Perform work from instructions using blueprints, wiring diagrams, and schematics
Test electrical circuits to ensure their operability
Install electrical components to architectural and code specifications
Test wiring connections with test equipment like voltohmmeters, and oscilloscopes
Perform other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
10 years of experience with electrical systems 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience working at a rocket launch facility and supporting launch campaigns
Experience with SpaceX electrical systems
Master electrician license 
Ability to identify and implement efficient paths of action to finish the assigned work
Ability to test, calibrate, diagnose, and repair various devices
Ability to use a variety of electricians hand tools as well as measuring and testing instruments
Demonstrable knowledge andor understanding of codes, rules, regulations and standards of electrical equipment
Ability to read and understand technical manuals and reports
Ability to use precision measuring instruments

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Journeyman or NCCER industrial license 
Schedule varies depending on site operational needs and flexibility required regarding frequent overtimeweekend support
Ability to perform job duties that require standing, kneeling, crouching, twisting upper body, working in cramped positions in small opening and climbing hand over hand, lifting up to 25 lbs., and working on ladderslifts at elevated heights
Ability to work in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        
Pay range:    ElectricianLevel 4: 33.00hour    ElectricianLevel 5: 38.00 - 48.00hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here. 

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.