SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PRINCIPAL ELECTRICAL DESIGN ENGINEER, CONSUMER HARDWARE (STARLINK)
SpaceX is leveraging its experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact. As we continue to upgrade and expand the constellation, were looking for best-in-class engineers to join the team.
As a Starlink Principal Electrical Design Engineer on the consumer product team, youll have complete ownership over the development of millions of consumer-facing devices that we ship directly to customers or install on planes, ships, or other mobile vehicles (Starlink dishesuser terminals, Wi-Fi routers, etc.). You will be responsible for the design, implementation, and verification of the entire electrical system. You will interact regularly with senior leadership to influence the fundamental operation of our constellation and network while collaborating with electrical, silicon, software, mechanical, and manufacturing teams to steer this project from initial concept development to full scale production.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Design, develop, and test highly reliable electronics for communicating with our satellites
Partner with software, mechanical, thermal, manufacturing teams and production test teams
Drive system trades, requirements capture, component selection, analysis, schematic capture, PCB layout, prototyping, hardware bring-up, debugging, documentation, manufacturing, and test of complex electrical designs
Get hands-on and support hardware through production, satellite integration, and flight
Work closely with engineers from adjacent disciplines (mechanical, thermal, software, test engineering, supply chain, silicon design, etc.) to deliver tightly integrated, high-performance hardware
Drive continual improvements to our designs by building physical and digital tools to analyze data collected on orbit and in the lab
Challenge assumptions and work to find simple solutions to complex problems

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering or computer engineering
10 years of experience designing circuits, electronic products, or hardware (internship and project team experience is applicable)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering, or similar engineering degree
10 years of professional experience rapidly designing and delivering highly reliable products
10 years of electronic product experience designing hardware from concept through production; strong emphasis on full life cycle development of new hardware products and not small incremental updates to legacy hardware
10 years of experience designing and implementing mixed-signal circuit boards from concept through production using processors, FPGAs, Ethernet, multi-GHz Serdes, DRAM interfaces (DDR4), I2C, SPI, operational amplifiers, analog to digital and digital to analog converters, and power supply components
10 years of professional experience testing, troubleshooting, and debugging electronics
Strong understanding of computers and programming languages (Python, CC)
Demonstrated ability to work in a highly cross-functional role

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work extended hours or weekends as needed for mission critical deadlines

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Electrical Design EngineerPrincipal: 170,000.00 - 250,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.