SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
HVAC TECHNICIAN - LEVEL 45
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Maintain and repair HVAC support equipment on facilities systems including air handlers, chilled water, condenser pumps, cooling towers, valves, filters, etc.
Maintain preventative maintenance schedule on launch associated HVAC systems
Collaborate with engineering and managers to maintain systems in peak operating condition
Follow all regulations and appropriate SpaceX procedures including quality policies, safety policies, and standards per (OSHA) the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, (EPA) United States Environmental Protection Agency, (NIOSH) National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health, (NFPA) National Fire Protection Association, (ASME) the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, (NEC) the National Electrical Code
Perform ductwork modifications and various repairs
Perform brazing, soldering, evacuation and charging of various refrigerants
Perform water piping and insulation modifications and repairs

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
5 years of professional experience working with HVAC, pneumatic, mechanical, or electrical systems
Degree or certificate in HVAC technology from an accredited technical school or college

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Knowledge in the following areas: HVAC, electrical safety, pneumatic principles, tubing, pipe-fittings, rotating machinery (pumps, air compressors, etc.), and a variety of mechanical fasteners
Experience working with chiller plants, direct outside air supply (DoAS), air recirculating units (ARU) in industrial or commercial environments
Universal certification from the Air-Conditioning and Refrigeration Institute (ARI)
Knowledge of high-pressure gas, flammable gas, and refrigeration gases
Professional experience maintaining high efficiency particulate air (HEPA) filters and standard air handling unit (AHU) filtration systems
Basic understanding of the theory of operation for refrigeration, motors, and mechanics
Ability to maintain a safe and clean working environment while adhering to company policies, quality policies and industry standards
Ability to understand schematic diagrams and architectural plans

 ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

This role requires working first shift (7AM - 7PM), 5 days on, 2 days off
Ability to perform job duties that require standing, kneeling, crouching, twisting upper body, working in cramped positions in small opening and climbing hand over hand, lifting 25 lbs., and working on ladderslifts at elevated heights
Ability to work in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise
Ability to work overtime as needed
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment

 COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range: 
HVAC TechnicianLevel 4: 35.00 - 43.00hour
HVAC TechnicianLevel 5: 40.00 - 50.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.