SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
CNC PROGRAMMER (STARLINK)
The CNC Programmer role here at SpaceX is expected to have a comprehensive understanding of all CNC machining and programming operations.  This role is tasked with working in close concert with machinist, leads, engineering teams, and machining operations management to increase productivity and optimizing machining programs and procedures. The CNC programmer will be supporting our efforts in Starlink Product with an emphasis in tooldie application. The ideal candidate will be comfortable with complex surfacing, contours, and graphite electrode programming.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Use of NX or MasterCam CADCAMCAE program to program CNC parts.
Vericut NC files as well as maintain revision control on programs and setup sheets.
Knowledgeable of carbide tools and adjusting speed and feed parameters for maximum tool life.
Makes or offer suggestions on drawing changes to improve manufacturability.
Machine fixture tooling as directed by process sheets.
Meets expectations for productivity and production goals.
Constantly keep products moving and alerting management when production is inhibited.
Provides consistent ideas for process improvements.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate.
5 years of CNC programming experience using NX or MasterCam software.
Experience with graphite electrode programming.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

10 years of CNC programming experience using NX or MasterCam software.
Experience with programming and operating multi axis mill and lathe CNC machines.
Experience working with tool  die application with complex surfacing and contours.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to lift 25 lbs. unassisted.
Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position.
Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime and weekends as needed.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range: 

CNC ProgrammerLevel 1: 30.00 - 38.00hour
CNC ProgrammerLevel 2: 34.00 - 43.00hour
CNC ProgrammerLevel 3: 38.00 - 48.00hour

Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.