SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PRODUCTION SUPERVISOR (FALCON 9) - WEEKEND SHIFT 
We are looking for a production leader for the Falcon 9 team to support the transition to our full 7-day operations. This person would oversee the weekend shifts for three critical production areas:

Vertical Barrel Integration (VBI), who are responsible for integration structures on Falcon 9 barrels before weldment at Friction Stir Weld (FSW)
Fusion Weld Team, who build Stage 1 and Stage 2 Liquid Oxygen Transfer Tubes and Stage 1 and Stage 2 Common Domes
Formed Structures Team, who spin-form and machine turn all F9 domes and Form products for multiple Falcon and Dragon areas

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Manage a team of structures technicians and crane operators
Assess the work performance of employees against clearly established expectations, and identify areas that need improvement
Collaborate with business partners to continuously improve the quality, cost, and delivery of our products
Ensure that business goals, deadlines, and performance standards are met
Train and onboard newly hired employees to make sure they understand their roles
Monitor key business performance indicators, and escalate any need for external support before irreversible problems arise
Follow applicable local, state, and federal safety, environmental and system principles
Tilt, dip, and turn suspended loads to maneuver over, under, andor around obstacles using multi-point suspension techniques
Coordinate and direct crane riggers and operators to perform inspections, and provide operator level maintenance; select and configure slings, cables, ropes, pulleys, winches, blocks, shackles, and sheaves according to weight and size of load to be moved
Inspect and schedule maintenance for overhead cranes and smaller hydraulic cranes (60 tons or less)
Write and implement lift plans and critical lifts plans

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree or 5 years of professional experience in a manufacturingproduction environment
1 years of experience leading a team or project

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Crane Operator Certification
Time management, scheduling and organizational skills
Demonstrated experience developing and working within company specific Lean Six Sigma programs
Understanding of all rigging equipment  shackles, straps, slings, rope, hoists, etc.
Ability to calculate and determine appropriate lifting equipment and write lift plans
Strong working knowledge of lifting signals and communications
Demonstrated ability and experience reading, interpreting and following: schematics, engineering drawings, layouts, part lists, weld schedules
Industry standards: ISO9001, AWS D17.1, etc.
Manufacturing planning
Attention to detail and problem-solving skills with outstanding work efficiency and accuracy
Strong written and verbal communication
Ability to build and maintain consistently winning and cohesive teams
Computer skills and knowledge of collaboration tools
Experience monitoring and continuously improving product quality, cost and lead times

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available for Weekend Shift (Thursday - Sunday), with extended hours as needed
Must be willing to travel for shortextended trips as needed
Must be able to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Production Supervisor: 105,000.00 - 135,000.00per year           Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.        ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.