SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
LEAD FACILITIES TECHNICIAN 
Starbase Facilities team is looking for an experienced and driven Lead Facilities technician focused on building structures to work in a fast paced environment, where the extraordinary becomes the everyday. The ideal candidate should be a self-starter and have excellent motivation, leadership, communication skills, and the ability to supervise multiple projects.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Lead and direct teams of facility technicians
Develop PM service programs
Schedule daily work and prioritize assignments
Ensure the safety of the team and assets
Communicate effectively to customers and team
Write status reports and maintain accurate records
Resource manage materials and equipment
Ensure quality workmanship and customer satisfaction
Maintain and repair or coordinate repair of all facilities systems (HVAC, compressed air, nitrogen, rental equipment, water lavatories, fire systems)
Coordinate minor construction projects and facility upgrades including getting vendor quotes, submitting POs coordinating with operations and engineering
Train new facilities technicians on procedures and equipment responses

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
10 years of mechanical or construction experience
2 years of experience leading teams

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Computer experience with Microsoft Office
Strong communication, verbal, and written communication skill
Detail oriented, organized, and demonstrate a high sense of urgency
Ability to accept directional changes in a fast-paced environment
Ability to maintain a safe and clean working environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work all shifts, overtime and or weekends as needed
Ability to lift 25 lbs.; lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, are required to perform the functions of this position
Able to use power tools, hand tools, and power equipment
Ability to work in extreme outdoor environments
Occasional off hours or weekend work to support projects

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:
Pay range: 
Facilities TechnicianLevel 3: 23.00hour  2.00hour lead differential
Facilities TechnicianLevel 4: 26.00hour  2.00hour lead differential
Facilities TechnicianLevel 5: 29.00 - 33.00hour  2.00hour lead differential
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.