SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. MECHANICAL ENGINEER (MACHINE DEVELOPMENT)
As a member of the Starship engineering team, you will work with a team of elite engineers across multiple disciplines to design, build, and activate critical production assets required to build the Starship launch vehicle. This position is based at our Starship production facility in Brownsville, Texas but may involve work on designs that are implemented across all of SpaceXs sites supporting the Starship program. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Design and development of custom production equipment for the Starship launch vehicle.
Engage with vehicle production to establish project design criteria and facilitate production introduction.
Host design reviews with stakeholders to incorporate technical feedback and receive approval on design and conceptual operations.
Create detailed models and engineering prints in NX.
Perform engineering hand calculations and analysis to size structures and mechanisms.
Create manufacturing planning for scope performed by internal welding and toolmaking teams.
Support machine activation with controls engineering team and perform development testing with production engineering team.
Perform project management tasks such as project scheduling, facilitating part procurement, coordinating technician resources, and communicating project status to stakeholders.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical engineering, manufacturing engineering, aerospace engineering, or other engineering discipline
Experience using a high-end CAD software design package (e.g. NX, CATIA, Solidworks, etc.)
5 years of professional experience designing, analyzing, and implementing mechanical systems
5 years of technical project management experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in mechanical engineering
Ability to prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
Experience working at an aerospace or automotive production facility
Experience with automated production equipment
Experience managing large assembly models and drawings
Hands on experience with equipment manufacturing and implementation
Experience designing and fabricating welded structures
Experience designing mechanisms
Proficient with all types of hand tools and basic fabrication equipment
Experience manufacturing large precision structures and equipment
Experience integrating hardware and harnessing of automated equipment
Experience integrating hydraulic and pneumatic controlled systems
Experience with finite element analysis software
Strong understanding and application of GDT
Ability to work in a collaborative team environment with engineers, technicians, and leadership

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing to travel to other SpaceX locations as necessary.
Work schedule may vary depending on project phase, which may require extended hours.
Ability to lift 30 lbs. unassisted, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying may be required to perform the functions of this position
Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Mechanical EngineerSenior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year    Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here. 

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.