SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SUPPLY CHAIN SYSTEMS ANALYST (STARLINK)
The SpaceX Supply Chain department is a critical player in our operations. To capitalize on our technical and market success, our team will execute large-scale projects that will define the bottom-line for the company. The Materials Management organization is a function within Supply Chain responsible for inbound receiving, material movement, inboundoutbound shipping, inventory management and productionengineering kitting. As SpaceX becomes the overall market leader, Materials Management provides the business with the support and high customer service levels needed to meet company goals.
This specific Analyst role will primarily focus on operations within SpaceXs Starlink program - identifying and implementing technology step-changes and managing data analysis for the larger team. Our goal is to become a leader in materials management performance with smart practices, efficient material movement, and an adaptablereliable system that can service our wide range of requirements and customers.
 RESPONSIBILITIES:

Conducts in-depth analyses through SQL queries and other data analysis methods to dive into problems and identify trends for decision making
Owns system maintenance and data integrity, troubleshooting with other departments as necessary
Creates reports, tools, and standardized metrics for operational measurement and improvement, using software such as Tableau, PowerBI, and Kibana.
Integrates with all levels of the business to understand the current processes and identify systematic gaps for the department
Supports department continuous improvement projects such as new process rollouts, standardization, or equipment selection
Collaborates cross-functionally to develop automation that mitigates business risk or creates efficiencies
Trains users and leaders on system developments, assists in troubleshooting
Leads the business requirements writing for department software solutions
Tests software implementations, features, and bug fixes

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in business, supply chain, management information systems, computer information systems, computer science, engineering, or similar technical discipline
1 year of experience in business analysis, product management, applicationssoftware development, or ERP systems support

PREFFERED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Ability to demonstrate strong skills in software customer service, both verbal and written
Understanding of programming, database structures, SQL query, Tableau, andor VBA
Experience with ERP systems
Experience in a manufacturing or distribution environment
Experience with Microsoft Suite
Ability to communicate comfortably with all levels of personnel within the company

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work extended hours andor weekends as needed to meet major milestones
Must be able to work in an open aired environment, lacking temperature controls
This position is based in Bastrop, TX and requires being onsite - remote work not considered

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:       
Pay Range:      
Supply Chain Systems AnalystLevel I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per year Supply Chain Systems AnalystLevel II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year          
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.