SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TEST SPECIALIST, ENVIRONMENTAL SYSTEMS (STARLINK)
Were seeking an experienced test specialist with a strong affinity toward multidisciplinary testing, design development, and problem solving. Environmental test specialists work hand-in-hand with multidisciplinary engineers while supporting satellite hardware testing throughout the design and build processes to ultimately join our revolutionary fleet of Starlink satellites. The ideal candidate is highly skilled with mechanical and electrical disciplines, hands-on, flexible, a quick learner, works well in a fast-paced environment, and is highly self-motivated.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Assemble, instrument, and test satellite flight hardware throughout development, production, and on-orbit correlation testing phases
Monitor and assess test asset and test article performance throughout development and qualification campaigns
Activate, evaluate, monitor, and maintain space simulation test equipment (Thermal, Thermal Vacuum, HASS  HALT, Vibration, Shock)
Assembly, activation and troubleshooting of custom test racks and automated equipment interfaces to increase test lab capability and unit test quality
Structural test build and execution for a variety of large- and small-scale structural and mechanical satellite components
Work with engineering to plan, build, and activate test equipment (mechanical assemblies, gas, hydraulic, cryogenic fluid systems, etc.)
Install, maintain, troubleshoot and repair instrumentation and harnessing. including pressure transducers, flowmeters, temperature sensors, accelerometers and strain gauges

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
3 years of hands on experience with mechanicalstructuralfluidelectrical systems
2 years of experience performing electronic testing and inspection using portable measuring devices

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Associate degree
Experience in research and development or other fast-paced technical environment
Ability to solve complex problems with minimal supervision on tight schedules
Proven ability to rapidly change roles, responsibilities, and learn new skills while working in a high-paced and challenging work environment
Experience with component and system level troubleshooting skills and the ability to logically solve instrumentation system problems and determine corrective action
Experience with evaluation and testing of propulsion, thermal, electrical andor structural systems
Experience with thermal vacuum, vibration and shock test equipment
Basic understanding of mechanical GDT requirements andor electrical schematics
Experience with electrical tools (oscilloscopes, multimeters, soldering irons, crimpers, strippers, etc.)
Familiarity with harness build and termination techniques for use in extreme environments
Experience building and activating data and control systems
Experience with analog and digital instrumentation (load cells, pressure transducers, strain gauges, RTDs, TCs, encoders, deflection gages, LVDTs, accelerometers, IMUs)
Knowledgeexperience with high voltage systems (AC and DC)
Comfortable and familiar with operating fabrication equipment (mill, lathe, drill press)
Experience handling cryogenic fluids
Experience with test operations procedures including hydraulic load control, hydropneumatic pressure control, writing or modifying automation, and configuration software systems and safe handling of flight part
Proficient with standard computer software (Excel, Word, Power Point, Outlook) and some experience with CAD software (NX, TeamCenter) and programming (Python, C)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Physical effort including standing, lifting, and carrying equipment up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Standing for long periods of time, climbing up and down ladders, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, and stretching are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Willing to work weekends and overtime hours as necessary; flexibility required

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:       
Test Specialist Level 1: 32.00 - 40.00hour   
Test Specialist Level 2: 36.00 - 45.00hour   
Test Specialist Level 3: 40.00 - 50.00hour   
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k)-retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.