SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
LEAD ELECTROMAGNETIC ENVIRONMENTAL EFFECTS ENGINEER
As a member of our fast-paced Electromagnetic Environmental Effects team, you will be responsible for ensuring avionics hardware performance across our fleet of vehicles (Dragon, Falcon, Starship, Lunar Human Landing System, etc.) through some of the harshest and varied radiation environments imaginable. In order to ensure maximum reliability in non-ionizing radiation environments, the E3 team at SpaceX performs exhaustive analysis, design, and test at the component, board, unit, and subsystem levels with extensive opportunity to interact with a vast array of rocket and spacecraft hardware and electronics. As one of the few teams required to interface with the design, manufacturing, integration, and mission operations teams, we play a critical role in the development of our systems as we advance our efforts towards broadband satellite internet and safe, reliable, inexpensive, and innovative access to space. This work all supports our fundamental goal of expanding human space exploration capabilities and establishing a permanent human presence on the moon and Mars.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Lead a team of technicians to conduct EMC testing for the components and systems on our vehicles and spacecraft
Define test requirements based on physics rather than industry standards. A much deeper understanding of electromagnetic environmental effects is critical for this position
Create test plans, test procedures and test reports
Ensure the electromagnetic compatibility of our systems, vehicles and spacecraft
Verify that designs meet the EMIEMC requirements that have been set
Interface with, teach, and set requirements with various design teams all around the company
Perform and teach electromagnetic compatibility design and analysis
Design and perform tests to validate the following: effects of space plasma, lightning, surfacebulktriboelectric charging, circuit grounding architectures, structural bonding, circuit isolation, transfer impedance, shielding effectiveness, effects of radiatedconducted emissions  susceptibility, near fieldfar field electric fields, welding, corona, etc.
Troubleshoot EMI issues from board to system level
Operate a variety of EMI, RF, and electronics test equipment
Independently perform verifications and document results in a clear, precise, and complete manner
Support Engineering Management with confidence; think creatively -- question the status quo, while following documentation and maintaining prescribed quality standards.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering or physics
3 years of hardware focused test engineering experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Advanced degree in electrical engineering, physics
Knowledge of electromagnetic environmental effects including: effects of space plasma, on-orbit charging, triboelectric charging, groundingbondingshielding, design for low radiated emissions, HIRF, lightning, electromagnetic field coupling, Maxwells equations, image chargecurrent, and lumped element modeling
Demonstrated experience troubleshooting circuit behavior on PCBAs andor test systems
Demonstrated experience with MIL-STD-461, NASA-HDBK-4001, DO-160, MIL-STD-1541, SSP 30237, SSP 30238, SMC-S-008, and EN5503235
Previous work experience with reading, interpreting and following: circuit schematics, PCB layouts, engineering drawings, BOMs, cable harnesses, wiring schematics, interface diagrams, layout drawings, mechanical drawings and CAD software
Strong knowledge in one or more of the following areas: plasmaspace physics, power electronics, RF engineering
Experience preferred in fast-paced work environment with productionflight hardware
Able to adapt to constantly changing work assignments
Excellent concentration and attention to detail with outstanding work efficiency and accuracy
Experience defining test requirements and test procedures
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Demonstrated experience with test automation

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay Range:                   
Lead Electromagnetic Environmental Effects Engineer: 130,000.00 - 180,000.00per year                      
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.