SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE SPECIALIST (STARLINK ENTERPRISE)
Starlink, our revolutionary satellite constellation, is delivering low-latency broadband internet around the world. The Starlink Enterprise Account Management team serves as the point of contact for Starlinks growing base of enterprise customers from contract signature, through successful activation, ensuring all contract terms are fulfilled. This is an individual contributor role that will manage large, complex enterprise agreements. Our ideal candidate is a self-starter that has a passion for making customers deliriously happy, blazing new trails for Starlink enterprise customers, and realizinggrowing revenue.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Organize and maintain customer contracts, documentation, and schedules
Maintain tracking of performance obligations per the customer contracts
Prepare accurate invoices with supporting documentation based on contract requirements, corporate practices, and government regulations
Maintain billing schedules to ensure timely contract invoicing
Handle correspondence between DFAS  DCMA DCAA for invoicing issues
Responsible for collections, aging, and ad hoc status reports
Assist in process improvement and EDI SFTP implementation into internal platforms
Act as Accounts Receivable and Invoice Specialist point of contact for a robust portfolio of assigned government  enterprise customers and own the interface from contract signature onwards with emphasis on:

Delivering impeccable customer service, including efficient acknowledgement and resolution of issues
Building relationships to identify requirements and manage expectations
Collecting, communicating, and championing customer feedback internally to influence and steer programmatic and technical development required to maintain and grow enterprise business
Retaining and growing the value of accounts


Identify and successfully communicate readiness levels, requirements, schedules, and risks to realize forecasted revenue on or ahead of schedule
Identify, design, and lead implementation of system enhancements and automations to improve the internal and external system interfaces

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree and 2 years of experience in accounts receivable, finance or invoicing; OR high school equivalency certificate and 6 year of professional experience in accounts receivable, finance or invoicing in lieu of a degree

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in finance or business related field
Experience submitting electronic invoices using Wide Area Workflow (WAWF), Invoice Processing Platform (IPP), Tungsten-Network, and other methods as required by the contract
Significant knowledge or experience in Government Contracts and Customer Relationship Management platforms
Experience managing multiple complex projects and delivering under tight deadlines and resource constraints
Experience building long-term and successful customer relationships demonstrating empathy, active listening, and resiliency skills
Technical knowledge of Starlink or telecommunications in at least one key area: satellites, ground network, user terminals, or related technology
Ability to synthesize multiple unique requirements and suggest smart solutions
Track record of demonstrating sound business judgement, evaluating alternatives, and making recommendations that were adopted and ultimately successful
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including ability to craft and present professional solutions to leadership within the Account Management teams
Ability to manage execution of significant or complex contracts including initial intake, schedules, invoicing and accounts receivable actions

ADDITIONAL REQUIRMENTS:

Must be available to work extended hours andor weekends as needed to support critical milestones or operations shifts
Availability and willingness to travel as needed to customer sites and meetings

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
Pay Range:    
Accounts Receivable Specialist: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here. 

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.