



SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.




SR. ACCOUNTANT 
SpaceX is seeking a Sr. Accountant to join our new and dynamic business division, Starlink. Starlink provides satellite internet coverage to over 50 countries. Its mission is to deliver global internet access, and it is ideally suited to support rural and geographically isolated areas where internet connectivity is unreliable or nonexistent. The Sr. Accountant will be responsible for ensuring timely completion of all month-end financial reporting tasks, and ensure department goals and objectives are achieved. This role will also be essential in developing Starlink accounting processes and procedures as the Starlink global broadband business matures.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Participate in the accounting close process to ensure timely and accurate reporting of all monthly accounting financial information for Starlink subsidiaries
Prepare journal entries, balance sheet reconciliations, accruals, reserves, intercompany transactions, and foreign currency conversions as required to support Starlink
Partner with local service providers as needed to review and coordinate international statutory filings, including bridging statutory financial and tax books to U.S. GAAP
Support tax team and local service providers to meet international regulatory and tax compliance needs, including VATGST and maintaining proper documentation for local country tax refundscredits
Drive process and reporting improvements and standardization efforts while maintaining a high level of accuracy
Assist in the development of global accounting policies and procedures to satisfy US and foreign compliance requirements
Prepare schedules and supporting documentation related to external audit requirements, and interact with external auditors as required
Handle special projects, taking full responsibility for the successful and timely completion of the project

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in accounting, finance, business, or other business discipline
4 years of accounting experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

CPA license (or equivalent)
Big 4 accounting firm experience 
Proficient computer sills, including Excel
Experience with US GAAP and international accounting standards (IFRS or other local accounting standards), and multiple currency environments
Experience with MS Dynamics 365 or other ERP accounting systems
Ability to analyze a high volume of transactions and data; SQL experience is a plus
Demonstrated strengths in organizational, attention-to-detail, follow-through, reasoning, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills
Strong analytical skills with the ability to seek underlying assumptions through probing, questioning, and listening
Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communications skills including ability to listen attentively and to communicate information clearly and effectively
Demonstrated time management skills and ability to work independently, handle multiple priorities concurrently with shifting time frames, and meet deadlines; self-starter with high degree of initiative, urgency, and follow through
Demonstrated ability to work in a team, facilitate effective team interactions, and to foster a positive work environment; willingness to assist teammates in order to achieve departmental goal

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Willingness to work long hours and weekend when needed to meet critical deadlines
This position is based in Hawthorne, CA and requires being onsite - remote work not considered

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:
Pay range: 
AccountantSenior: 110,000.00 - 145,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.