SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MOLD POLISHER, TOOL  DIE (STARLINK)
SpaceX is seeking a Mold Polisher to primarily support the manufacturing and development of Starlink product components alongside a strong group of tool and die specialiststechnicians.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Polish milled, EDM, and turned surfaces in hardened H-13 and P-20 materials
Polish and detail all machined die and mold surfaces to the prescribed surface finish requirements
Maintain the proper draw polish to release plastic parts and castings successfully,
Add radii and blending contours when necessary
Work with the Tool and Die team during spotting and fitting operations
Work to the scheduled delivery dates for each tool component
Do preventative maintenance on injection molds and dies (assembly and disassembly)
Keeps supervisormanager aware of any condition that may affect the efficiency, quality, or completion of jobs
Identify product with non-conformance
Provide technical leadership to less experienced employees
Consistently meet andor exceed estimated times
Work with Quality Control and all other departments for first piece qualifications

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
4 years of experience polishing plastic injection molds
2 years of experience in mold maintenance

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Proficiency with power and hand die polishing equipment with larger, multi-slide, diecast dies, experience with TIG welding a plus
Experience in restoring welded surfaces on repair operations
Experience with power tools, airelectric, profilers, grinders, as well as hand polishing tools
Ability to organize and prioritize workflow

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to climb and maintain balance on ladders, scaffolding or other high structures
Must be willing to travel up to 50
Must be able to sit for extended periods of time easily and comfortably
Must be able to work overtime and weekends when necessary to meet critical deadlines
Repetitive movement, bending or twisting, using hands to handle, control, or feel objects, tools or controls, exposure to sounds and noise levels that are distracting
Ability to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:

Mold PolisherLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour
Mold PolisherLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour
Mold PolisherLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour

Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.   
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.