SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not.  Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling life on Mars.
SENIOR ACCOUNTANT
As the company expands its international footprint and provides Starlink (our revolutionary satellite low-latency broadband internet) across Europe, Starlink Internet Services Limited is seeking an Accounting Manager for our Dublin office to ensure that our financial reporting obligations are met.
The Senior Accountant role will focus on the Europe operations and will join Starlink, our new and dynamic business division.  Starlink provides satellite internet coverage to over 50 countries around the world.  Its mission is to deliver global internet access, and it is ideally suited to support rural and geographically isolated areas where internet connectivity is unreliable or nonexistent.  Based in Dublin and reporting to the Finance Manager, the Senior Accountant will be responsible for working through the audit process and financial reporting obligations across Europe.  The ideal candidate will have experience in a multinational environment, across audits and ideally tax, and is a flexible individual who is prepared to support the rapid growth of Starlink as the global broadband business matures.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
The senior accountant will be responsible for coordinating with the Companys US headquartered tax function to ensure tax reporting activities are completed.

Assist with the audit process for Irish entity and other European entities
Preparation of statutory financial statements for subsidiaries across Europe
Liaise with 3rd parties for audit and tax compliance
Preparation of month end entity level PL and balance sheets
Application of internal control standards in region
Intercompany accounting, recording of entries between group companies
Assist with tax compliance and reporting requirements, for both direct and indirect taxes, across Europe
Support of day-to-day finance operations in Europe as required
Other ad hoc finance projects as directed, e.g., analysis of new products and expansions in Europe

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in accounting, tax or finance
4 years of accounting or audit experience in public accounting, or with a large multinational organization, including experience with accounting matters and tax across Europe
Current residency and work authorization in Ireland

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

Chartered Accountant
Financial reporting experience, GAAP, some knowledge of US GAAP preferable
Experience with multinational environment
Detail oriented, excellent analytical skills
Intercompany accounting experience preferable
Exposure to transfer pricing and indirect taxes preferable
Strong communication and interpersonal skills, ability to work with global teams
Ability to embrace change based on business needs, and ability to work in a startup type environment. Adaptability and flexibility will be essential

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

This is an onsite position based in Dublin, Ireland. Remote work will not be considered

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 