SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
DEVELOPMENT TECHNICIAN, INSOURCE MANUFACTURING (STARLINK)
Working directly in the Materials Engineering group, this position will primarily support the manufacturing and development of SpaceXs consumer product components alongside a strong group of mechanical and manufacturing engineers. The goal of the team is to develop new manufacturing methods and qualify processes to be introduced into production.  As a development technician, you will be responsible for supporting engineering on planned and unplanned repairs, modifications, and upgrades of production equipment in the Starlink program. This role plays a key part in maximizing critical production equipment availability; enabling Starlink to rapidly pursue its mission. The ideal candidate is highly skilled in mechanical, fluid, and electrical disciplines, hands-on, flexible, a quick learner, works well in a fast-paced environment, and possesses a can-do attitude.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Install, commission, and validate manufacturing equipment to support Starlink production - specifically focused on High-Pressure Die Casting, Plastic Injection Molding, and Stamping manufacturing processes.
Oversee operator instructions, critical parameters, checklists, and training materials for all molding operations, update special equipment service manuals including BOMs, drawings, wiring schematics, recommended needed processes, technical expertise, and tooling for optimization of production runs
Work closely with equipment and manufacturing engineering teams to define requirements
Diagnose equipment failures, collect data to identify root causes, and develop sustainable solutions
Install, maintain, and troubleshoot relay, ladder diagrams, components, photo-eyes, motor starters, limit switches, proximity sensors, solenoids, etc.
Perform preventative and corrective action as required

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
3 years of experience in machine maintenance, mechanical builds, equipment assemblytest

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

5 years of experience with hydraulicpneumatic and mechanical systems
Experience in independently troubleshooting advanced electrical circuits, electronic systems, motors  starters, electrically operated equipment, and making successful repairs and modifications
Proficient in excel, office, and word
Electrical wiring experience and some knowledge of how PLCs, sensors, and other electrical components are wired and work.
Knowledgeexperience working with electrical components andor systems
Knowledgeexperience with TIGMIG welding of steelaluminum
Able to read mechanical drawings and interpret tolerances (including GDT)
Proficient with mechanical hand tools

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work at elevated heights occasionally (scissor lifts and articulated boom lifts)
Standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are general duties of the job
Ability to lift up to 25 Ibs. unassisted
Must be willing to work overtime and weekends as necessary to accommodate manufacturing and test campaigns

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:                              
Pay range:          
Development TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour 
Development TechnicianLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour 
Development TechnicianLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour 
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 