SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PRODUCTION SUPERVISOR (COMPOSITES LAMINATION) - 2ND SHIFT
The Composites Lamination department produces laminates for many programs at SpaceX, including Falcon, Dragon, and Starlink, and must continually deliver to aggressive timelines to keep these programs on track. The lamination team is looking for an individual with high attention to detail and the ability to balance multiple priorities to lead the fairing and Dragon teams.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Lead and manage a staff of 20 technicians including all performance management related tasks, such as coaching, steering, and developing the team.
Supervise shop floor activity, including daily schedules and workflow. Maintain Smartsheet updates on completion dates for all hardware deliveries.
Collaborate with other production and engineering teams to develop and implement manufacturing cost reduction and efficiency improvement measures.
Ensure product quality and conformance to specifications and resolve nonconformance issues so that they do not affect the production schedule.
Develop a thorough understanding of the technical difficulty of the parts, assemblies, and individual tasks so that appropriately skilled technicians are assigned to the job.
Identify training needs with the team and develop training programs so that the team continually grows in technical proficiency.
Monitor labor hours, overtime, and attendance to implement improvement plans where necessary.
Provide required data and reporting to support departmental metrics and improvement objectives.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree or 5 years of professional experience in a manufacturingtesting environment.
1 years of experience leading a team.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years in a leadership position or proven track record of leading major project initiatives.
Experience bringing teams and processes from development to production.
Leansix sigma green belt certification or equivalent.
Ability to effectively communicate (verbal and written) with engineering and production.
Able to adapt to constant changing work assignments and fast paced work environment.
Excellent attention to detail with outstanding work efficiency and accuracy.
Safety training andor safety certifications.
Experience with applying lean manufacturing principles, efficiency methods.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available for 2st shift (3:30pm - 2:00am), overtime, and weekends as needed.
Must be able to travel short andor extended trips as needed (up to 10).
Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:       
Pay range:      
Supervisor: 105,000.00 - 135,000.00per year      
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.