SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. SECURITY ENGINEER (IDENTITY AND ACCESS MANAGEMENT)
SpaceX is looking for a Sr. Security Engineer to join the Security department to help protect and drive the SpaceX mission. Information drives our business and we must protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of systems and processes across the enterprise. As a highly visible and dynamic organization, we must also value and guard against damage to our reputation and brand. Finally, it is paramount that we defend against loss of control or confidence in our systems, to guarantee the highest probability of success. This role will focus on the behind the scenes technologies that ensure our networks and systems are up to industry and SpaceX standards of information security. It will also focus on providing high-criticality and high-risk services, with the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of those services in mind. This role will partner with various application development and customer groups across SpaceX to ensure that we are identifying and remediating any emerging vulnerabilities.
As an Identity and Access Management Engineer, youll be a key member of the Information Security team. Youll work on applications and systems which touch all aspects of the SpaceX infrastructure, ensuring users and systems are properly authenticated and authorized to utilize our systems. Youll use your creativity to develop solutions to interesting problems; integrating new technologies with legacy systems can be challenging, and engineering solutions to retrofit or replace these systems are a common occurrence as we continue to mature. Automation workloads are commonplace, and ensuring the security of these workloads is of paramount importance. This role requires a strong background in security as it relates to platform infrastructure, application security, and other aspects of networkcloud infrastructure security.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Develop passwordless authentication solutions within the greater SpaceX organization
Work with industry-standard tools and technologies such as Hashicorp Vault, Puppet, WebAuthn and others to improve the security posture of SpaceX
Engineer solutions to challenging legacy, business critical softwares problems, including credential management for automated workflows
Standardize authentication and authorization software, policies and procedures across the enterprise
Architect complex IAM systems which span multiple organizations, challenging requirements and ensuring appropriate access to mission-critical systems
Scope and perform security reviews of on-premise infrastructure, private and public cloud environments
Work with engineering teams within SpaceX as a liaison to the Information security team, ensuring adherence to best practices and providing early security-conscious changes
Produce research and collaborate with our peers in the broader cyber-security industry

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

5 years of security, networking andor systems engineering experience and a Bachelors degree in security engineering, cybersecurity, computer science, computer engineering or information systems; OR 7 years of security, networking andor systems engineering experience in lieu of a degree
Experience designing, building, implementing, integrating andor maintaining IAM and configuration management technologies

 PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

Experience with WebAuthn, PIV and similar standards
Experience with SAML, OIDC, and OAuth
Experience with Linux, Windows, and Mac system internals
Experience with secure code development practices
Experience with the Python programming language, C, or Rust
Familiarity with developing web-based APIs, HTTP-RPC, and REST
Familiarity with enterprise security controls and security best practices for Windows, Linux, and Mac systems
Effective problem-solving skills, and ability to quickly determine root-causes of issues
Familiarity with macOS and Windows code-signing and deployment of enterprise applications

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 
Pay Range:
Security Engineer Senior: 160,000.00 - 220,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.