SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
CNC MACHINIST, TOOL  DIE (STARLINK)
Working directly in the materials engineering group, this position will primarily support manufacturing and development of SpaceXs Starlink product components alongside a strong group of mechanical and process engineers. The goal of the team is to develop new manufacturing methods and qualify processes to be introduced into production. This role will require individuals to run 5-axis machines on tooldie surfaces and graphite milling for EDM electrodes.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Program and operate multi-axis CNC machines (mills and lathes) up to and including 5-axis mills and 6-axis lathes on tooldie surfaces
Program and operate 5-axis graphite milling for EDM electrodes
All types of drilling, tapping and milling and turning
Complete machining operations from blueprints, drawings andor verbal instructions
Work with complex, tight tolerance parts and various materials
Perform machine maintenance (filters, coolant up keep, machine cleanliness etc.) 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of experience in set up, operation andor programming of CNC mill or lathe machines
2 years of experience machining Molds andor Dies

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

G-code familiarity (hand edit ability)
3 years of experience working with graphite milling for EDM electrodes
5 years of experience working with tooldie surfaces
2 years of horizontal mill experience
2 years of lathe experience
5 years of CNC programming experience
Ability to read and work off of a blueprint

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

This role will be a first shift role, but flexibility may be required depending on the business need
Must be able to work overtime and weekends as needed
Ability to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Ability to stand for extended periods - 8 hours min
Ability to stoop, bend, crawl, and being able to maneuver in tight spaces
Repetitive movement, bending or twisting, using hands to handle, control, or feel objects, tools or controls, exposure to sounds and noise levels that are distracting

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:   

CNC Machinist Level 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour   
CNC Machinist Level 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour   
CNC Machinist Level 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour

Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.    
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.