SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SUPERVISOR, NONDESTRUCTIVE EVALUATION OPERATIONS (STARSHIP)
This position will report directly to the Starship Quality Manager. The NDE function is organized within focused production area cells alongside Starship development activities utilizing multiple and varied inspection methods to efficiently provide quality control and protect product reliability.
As the NDE Supervisor at SpaceX you will be required to interface across the business. The job function will require emphasizing a quality first culture with the team while performing hands-on inspection, troubleshooting, and managing inspectors during day-to-day NDE activities. The supervisor will interact with technical and operations leaders at Starbase. The candidate should possess strong leadership characteristics, structured control, and data-driven performance management, as well as soft skills, such as influencing and persuading. A key eye for detail and the ability to work within complex teams to reach company-wide goals are also attributes which a successful candidate must possess.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Schedule and prioritize work-flow management
Act as the interface between the team and relevant production partners and customers
Collaborate with the engineering and level III teams to support inspection requirements
Manage inspector career development planning and certification training to meet inspection needs in the work center
Assist in sourcing, recruiting, and hiring
Manage maintenance planning and scheduling for equipment and facilities
Prioritize and increase inspection quality by deploying lean strategies, 5S, Kaizen and data-driven metric development
Manage ASMENBIC program
Ensure team maintains proficiency using modern inspection methods, automated systems, tooling, etc. relevant to the work center
Interact with NDE Engineering and RD on seamless transitions with minimal production impact
Assist in the introduction of technological change

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
5 years of experience leadingmanaging a team in a manufacturing production environment
5 years of NDE experience with level II certification in line with ASNT TC-1A or NAS 410 or DOD guidance in multiple non-destructive inspection methods

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Demonstrated strong organizational, communication, and leadership skills while managing multiple priorities
Level II certification(s) in line with ANST TC-1A or NAS 410 or DOD guidance in one or more surface methods (PT, MT, VT) and two or more advance methods (PAUT, ET, RT)
NDE level III certification in one or more methods
Bachelors degree in an engineering or technical management field
5 years of aerospace experience in a manufacturing production environment
Knowledge of NASA 5009 standards
Certified as a NBIC commissioned inspector
Certifiable as an NBIC OUIO commissioned inspector  supervisor
Knowledge of AMS, AWSASME, ASTM
Knowledge and understanding of NAS 410 standards
Problem solving tools and techniques: 5 whys, Failure Mode and Effects Analysis, Root Cause Analysis
Knowledge and experience in lean manufacturing principles: ex. 5S, Kaizen, continuous improvement, DMAIC
Basic computer skills: Microsoft office applications - Word, Power Point, Excel
CAD packages such as Siemens NX, Catia, Pro-E, E
Experience in working with fracture critical products and parts
Excellent knowledge and understanding of aerospace materials, manufacturing processes, assemblies, technique specific systems

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to lift 25 lbs unassisted, bend, stretch, stand for extended periods of time, climb stairs, reach, twist, and work at heights
Willing to work extended hours and on weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Supervisor, NDE Operations: 110,000.00 - 145,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  


SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.