
SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
ELECTRICAL ENGINEER (LAUNCH HARDWARE)
Work as part of a small team of elite engineers designing and improving the mechanical, electrical, and control systems at our rocket launch facility at Cape Canaveral Space Force Base. Be there on the ground floor, getting your hands dirty and contributing directly to the success of future launches.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Multi-disciplinary position responsible for the design, operation, installation, and test of low power electrical systems at SpaceXs east coast launch site at Cape Canaveral Space Force base
Responsible for the ground support control and instrumentation systems that operate the fueling and operation of the launch vehiclespacecraft to support launch day activities
Directly involved with all cape ground support equipment (GSE) build, checkouts, and troubleshooting
Operate, upgrade, and maintain all data acquisition system hardware at launch and support sites
Control and maintain network infrastructure interfaces to data acquisition systems
Build and design junction boxes and conveyances for end instruments
Create electrical schematics for new instrumentation
Use electrical equipment in the field to verify the functionality of end instruments
Maintain systems through a preventative maintenance program
Address physical installation issues and weartearcorrosion of electrical components
Write procedures to address both routine tasks as well as off-nominal troubleshooting steps
Provide innovative solutions to special requirements and challenges faced by the team, which can range from specialized equipment to challenging installation locations and blast environments
Basic electrical installation of valves, limit switches, potentiometers, etc.
Design, build, and operation of servo motor controls

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
1 years of experience with instrumentation power systems design andor data acquisition systems
1 years of experience with low power systems andor DC circuits and filters

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Proficiency or direct hands-on experience in one or more of the following: electronics test rack design and build, data acquisition setup and field measurements, build of electronics systems or test systems for local assembly or industrial applications
Experience in the following fields: robotics, automotive, aircraft, marine, autonomous vehicles, RF or communication systems, power plant or chemical process type industrial systems
Experience with one or more of the following electrical test equipment: oscilloscopes, multimeters, power supplies
Able to collaborate with a wide range of people and effectively work in a team
Able to perform in a high-pressure, dynamic environment
Able to juggle a multitude of tasks simultaneously
Ability to work in a fast-paced, autonomously driven, and demanding atmosphere
Sound verbal and written communication skills
Enjoys field work and getting hands dirty
Experience working at a rocket launch facility and supporting launch campaigns
Proficient in Python, SQL, HTML, Java, and MS Excel
Experience with Modbus
Experience with programmable logic controllers (PLC)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work weekends and night shifts as needed
Must be willing to travel to other launch sites in support of operational activities and launches; travel requirement is up to 15
Must pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral
Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:Pay range:Electrical EngineerLevel I: 100,000.00 - 120,000.00per yearElectrical EngineerLevel II: 115,000.00 - 135,000.00per yearYour actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
