SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
IT SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR  MISSION SYSTEMS 
SpaceX is looking for an IT Systems Administrator with deep knowledge and broad experience across multiple technologies including networking, Windows and Linux based enterprise systems, and general application support. This employee will be a member of the Information Technology team directly supporting our launch infrastructure; they must be comfortable working on mission-critical systems with a sense of urgency appropriate to the responsibilities. The ideal candidate will be flexible and flourish in a fast paced and challenging environment. The candidate should be a self-starter, self-motivator and possess ingenuity to excel at this position.RESPONSIBILITIES:

Ensure the availability and health of mission-critical systems
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and resolve technical problems
Troubleshoot hardware, software, and network issues
Monitor and analyze system performance and implement performance improvements
Develop and maintain documentation for IT systems, processes, and procedures
Ensure that systems are configured and maintained in compliance with industry standards and regulations (e.g. ITAR, ISO, NIST)
Exercise a high degree of responsibility for the processes, systems, and tools you create and manage; all supporting the goal of making humanity an interplanetary species
Make recommendations, justify, and implement improvements using an accepted change control methodology

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

3 years of experience in IT systems administration
Experience with Linux and Windows servers in physical and virtualized enterprise environments
Experience with networking technologies and enterprise switch management

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Knowledge of network protocols (TCPIP, DNS, DHCP), firewalls, and security technologies
Python, Bash, PowerShell (or similar) scripting experience 
Familiarity with Active Directory and multi-platform authenticationidentification environments
Expertise in creating repeatable, reliable, scalable systems architectures, with high availability, fault tolerance, performance tuning, monitoring, and statisticsmetrics collection
Advanced networking experience in IPv4, switching, routing, firewalls and HA architecture
Expert working knowledge, including the ability to setup, configure, upgrade, manage, and troubleshoot, Windows-based systems and services (i.e. SCCM, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP)
Experience with Linux services such as MySQL, InfluxDB, Grafana, NGINX, Apache
Experience with industrial control systems (PLCs, RIOS, DAQs, SCADA)
Expertise in source code and version control tools
Experience with configuration management, provisioning, infrastructure as code, and other DevOps concepts and tools
Excellent communications skills with the ability to communicate with internalexternal customers, vendors, management etc. in both formal and informal situations
Active TSSCI clearance

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to pass DoD background check for launch site access
Willing to work extended hours or weekends as necessary
Willing to be on after-hours on-call rotation
Willing to travel (up to 20) 
Ability to lift up to 25lbs

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay Range:    IT Systems Administrator: 85,000.00-115,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.