SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MACHINE MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN (STARLINK)
The Machine Maintenance Technician will be involved in solving equipment and tooling problems on a daily basis in order to improve SpaceX asset availability. SpaceX doesnt shut down production for maintenance, and instead we find ways to predict failures and perform the maintenance without interrupting production. This role will require you to work directly with the engineers and other technicians who design and build unique machines to solve critical problems.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Maintain and repair all assets to ensure their proper operating condition
Troubleshoot, repair control devices such as PLCs, HMIs, CNC controls
Troubleshoot, repair and overhaul of mechanical systems like, pumps, chillers, gearboxes, etc
Perform work order repairs, inspections and adjustments
Provide maintenance on various equipment: vacuum chambers, thermal chambers, CNC machines, production automation and controls equipment, tooling fixtures, and other industrial machinery
Drive forklifts and company vehicles
Perform other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of maintenance technician experience
2 years of experience with hydraulic, pneumatic, mechanical, and electrical repair

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

5 years of maintenance technician experience
Extreme troubleshooting and problem-solving skill sets
Millwright skills and abilities and industrial multi-craft and mechanical trades
Experience within the aerospace, automotive, semiconductor, or electronic fields
Ability to read and interpret electrical, hydraulic and pneumatic schematics and drawings
Ability to write detailed repair reports (advanced MS Office skills)
Experience with handpower tools, forklifts, and other heavy equipment
Laser tracker or similar precision inspection experience
PLC programming and troubleshooting experience
Ability to maintain a safe and clean working environment while adhering to company policies, quality policies and industry standards

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available for at least one of the following shifts:

1st shift Monday - Friday (6 AM to 4:30 PM)
1st shift Tuesday - Saturday (6 AM to 4:30 PM)
2nd shift Monday - Friday (3:30 PM to 2 AM)
2nd shift Tuesday - Saturday (3:30 PM to 2 AM)


Valid Washington state drivers license
Ability to stand up for up to 8 hours during the day
Ability to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Ability to work directly with the hardware on the floor while being comfortable stooping, bending, pulling, pushing, climbing and standing (including on lifts and ladders)
Must be willing to work overtime and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:    Machine Maintenance TechnicianLevel 1: 25.00 - 33.00hour    Machine Maintenance TechnicianLevel 2: 30.00 - 39.00hour    Machine Maintenance TechnicianLevel 3: 35.00 - 45.00hour        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.