SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.BUSINESS ANALYST (STARLINK GROWTH)SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.Starlink, our revolutionary satellite constellation, will deliver low-latency broadband internet worldwide. We are committed to offering access to high-speed internet to customers worldwide and to providing a world class experience of Starlink for all users. You will join the Growth team that is responsible for launching, growing, and improving Starlink around the world. This team will be located at our Hawthorne, CA headquarters but may relocate as needs demand.RESPONSIBILITIES:Define and develop department-level metrics and associated dashboards that quantify the health of our operation and influence changeSupport new market launches, sales  operations planning, product  feature roll-outs, demand generation, and larger cross-functional strategic initiativesConduct analyses that identify issues and opportunities impacting growth, and lead scoping and manage implementation of changesCollaborate effectively across many departments, including Network, Finance, Legal, Production, Supply Chain, Customer Operations to ensure data integrity and accurate reportingDocument and train internal users and leaders on dashboard and tool usage, assists in troubleshootingEngage the SpaceX leadership team with quantitative and qualitative updates on performance and opportunitiesBASIC QUALIFICATIONS:Bachelors degree2 years experience within growth strategy, business operations, finance, consulting, or go-to-market planning 2 years experience with SQLPREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:Bachelors degree in business, supply chain, management information systems, computer science, engineering, or economics discipline5 years of experience within growth strategy, business operations, finance, consulting, or go-to-market planning Start-up, consulting, or other demonstrated experience in high-growth, fast-paced, rapidly changing environmentAdvanced experience with SQL (e.g., advanced joins and basic query optimizations) and creating and managing dashboards using data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, Power BI, Looker)Strong project management and self-directed prioritization skillsExceptional ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical audiences at all organizational levelsAbility to develop and maintain strong relationships across disciplines and with multiple levels of managementExperience in at least one analytics language (ex. Python, R)Advanced understanding of database structures, query optimizationsExperience working in broadband internet or other consumer product industriesADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:Must be available to work extended hours and weekends as needed.Willingness to travel to corporate customer sites, other SpaceX locations, and industry events as neededCOMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:Pay Range:Business AnalystLevel I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per yearBusiness AnalystLevel II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearYour actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.ITAR REQUIREMENTS:To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.