SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars. 
SITE RELIABILITY ENGINEER (APPLICATION SOFTWARE), DATA 
The application software team is the central nervous system of SpaceX  we create mission critical applications that are used throughout SpaceX to accelerate launch vehicle production and flight as well as systems that allow Starlink to grow into a worldwide fast, reliable Internet service. Our missions support scientific research, classified national security space, and commercial opportunities. Software engineering and innovation is at the core of these programs. 
Our team is currently creating and evolving systems to enable rapid build and reuse of Starship as well as scaling the Starlink network. We have built systems to support concurrent streams of data from many always-on assets to manage the worlds largest satellite constellation and the worlds largest rocket. We work directly with engineers across all programs to enable and accelerate the success of Starlink, Starlink, and Starshield. 
Aerospace experience is not required to be successful here - rather we look for smart, motivated, collaborative site reliability engineers who love solving problems and want to make an impact on a super inspiring mission. You will have full ownership of challenging problems, working with a team of enthusiastic engineers to design and produce solutions that enable SpaceX to move towards our goals at a rapid pace. The success of the missions at SpaceX depends on the software that you and your team produce. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Upgrade existing distributed systems to become sharded and geo-redundant in multiple data centers 
Advance existing deployment, monitoring, and alerting infrastructure to support a multi-region environment 
Manage petabyte scale bare metal compute clusters 
Closely collaborate with engineers across all programs to create highly operable, scalable, and maintainable products 
Engage throughout the whole software development lifecycle of services -- from inception to design, deployment, operation, and iterative refinement 
Focus on performance bottlenecks and performance improvement techniques 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or scientific discipline; OR 2 years of professional experience building software with site reliability or DevOps in lieu of a degree 
Experience with Linux operating systems 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

5 years of rigorous experience with site reliability or DevOps for web applications 
Programming experience in Python, C, Java, Scala, Go or similar languages 
Experience with in-stream, big data processing and analytics using Apache Kafka, Spark, Flink, SQL or similar 
Experience with relational and non-relational databases, data lakes e.g. HBase, Hive, Delta Lake, PostgreSQL, CockroachDB or similar 
Experience troubleshooting network-layer issues 
Experience with configuring Istio 
Good understanding of version control, testing, continuous integration, build, deployment and monitoring 
Active Top Secret or TSSCI. Note that an active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions. If so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing 

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Willing to work extended hours and weekends when needed 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:Site Reliability EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per yearSite Reliability EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.