SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
STARLINK OPERATIONS SPECIALIST
One of the most ambitious missions that SpaceX has undertaken to date, the Starlink satellite constellation is our solution to providing reliable internet to the entire world. We are looking for a talented process specialist to help us ramp to full scale production of the Starlink kit (a mass-produced electronic product which customers will have in their homes).
The success of Starlink depends on the quality, reliability, cost, manufacturability, throughput, and security of the products that you deliver. If you seek a fast-paced, dynamic environment; if you thrive on solving difficult problems where resolutions have high impact; if you love the challenge of building something from scratch, then this role will be an ideal next career step.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Perform hands-on liaison role between production engineering and operations teams, to ensure smooth rollout and maintenance of tools such as MES, dashboards, and quality systems

Respond to emergent production and quality issues by performing root cause analysis, containment scope assessments, and physically accounting for hardware in the factory
Identify and resolve issues with data integrity by monitoring and auditing production line buffers, inventory racks, and other hardware locations
Maintain dashboards and other reporting tools by owning hard-coded inputs, working with software team to implement new features and logic, and physically setting up new dashboard displays


Refine manufacturing processes by performing cycle time studies and presenting data to engineering team
Identify continuous improvement opportunities for yield, performance and cost
Own the digital factory configuration, including creating and changing MES records to match area layout, and keeping build documentation up to date with latest hardware configuration
Find opportunities to automate existing business processes, and support the development, testing and rollout of new tools
Implement visual factory standards such as signage, WIPinventory levels and 5S features
Manage small projects involving multiple parties and teams
Create presentations and deliver training for production personnel and leadership

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
Bachelors degree in an engineering, math, science, or business OR 2 years of professional experience using ERP, MES, quality systems, SQL, andor Excel

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Associates or bachelors degree in engineering
5 years of experience in a manufacturingproduction role
Experience developing custom software, ERPMES systems and dashboards
Excellent communication  written and verbal
Competency with SQL databases and ability to write SQL queries
Lean manufacturing training and experience applying to real-world production problems

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work all shifts, overtime andor weekends as needed. Estimated start time: 1st shift: 8:00 AM
Must be able to stand for long periods of time, climbing up and down ladders, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, and stretching may be required to perform the functions of this position
Must be able to lift up to 25lbs unassisted

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:    Operations SpecialistLevel 1: 30.00 - 38.00hour    Operations SpecialistLevel 2: 34.00 - 43.00hour    Operations SpecialistLevel 3: 38.00 - 48.00hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 