SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.SUPPLIER QUALITY SPECIALIST (SATELLITES)Starlink demands a new type of supply chain. We require our suppliers to provide premium quality with rapidly evolving designs at commercial scale volumes. We are actively looking for candidates who possess comprehensive knowledge of manufacturing and quality tools and have unrelenting motivation to enable suppliers for success. This position supports the Supply Chain team by managing tactical supplier quality activities with operational rigor, providing high service levels to all stakeholders, and allowing Supply Chain Engineering resources to focus on high priority and proactive actions. This includes eliminating the impact of vendor caused defects to SpaceX engineering and production through rapid defect containment, resolution, and corrective preventive action. Primarily, you will be uncovering non-conformances onsite and working with the Supply Chain Engineering team to improve vendor quality. You will help create a structure for executing and improving processes used to manage supplier deviation requests (SDRs), material review board (MRB), supplier part containments, and supplier corrective and preventive action activities. You will drive operational excellence in supplier non-conformance management, and work to reduce future non-conformances. You will build an extensive network within design engineering, build reliability, production, and supply chain management, and a deep understanding of SpaceX systems and processes. RESPONSIBILITIES: Execute supply chain non-conformance management processes, including: SDR, MRB, return to vendor (RTV), and supplier corrective and preventive action (CAPA)Analyze supplier quality data and partner with supply chain engineers and others to drive supplier improvementsBuild relationships with cross-functional groups to identify, reduce and ultimately eliminate impacts from vendor defectsAssist the team in developing policies, standards, processes, and documentation as necessary to ensure continued successBASIC QUALIFICATIONS:High school diploma or equivalency certificate2 years of experience in an engineering, supply chain, manufacturing or quality fieldPREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:Bachelors degree in engineering or supply chainWillingness to roll up your sleeves and step into chaotic situations, using technical knowledge and quality background to understand the current state and most optimal path forwardCapable of succinctly communicating status and needed action, often urgently, to your supervisor and other management levelsAbility to create and refine ideas or solutions to problems, communicating the benefits of change, and keeping related projects on trackAbility to acquire new technical knowledge, particularly around how purchased components and assemblies integrate into the rocket and spacecraftGood written, oral, and presentation skillsExperience reading engineering drawings, including geometric dimensioning and tolerancing (GDT)Experience with AS9100 or similar quality management system standardPrevious experience working with suppliers, correctivepreventive action systems, supplier portalsExperience with MS Excel, SQL, process flow mapping, warehouse management systems, lean production environments, six sigma trainingADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:Must be able to travel - up to 15 work week travel may be requiredMust be able to work extended hours andor weekends as needed to meet major milestonesThis position is based in Redmond, WA and requires being onsite - remote work not consideredCOMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:Pay Range:Supplier Quality SpecialistLevel 1: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per yearSupplier Quality SpecialistLevel 2: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearYour actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k)-retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.ITAR REQUIREMENTS:To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.   SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.