SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. RF TEST ENGINEER, CONSUMER HARDWARE (STARLINK)
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe.
In this role, youll be responsible for the implementation and verification of the entire phased array system for this customer-facing hardware. In this hands-on role, you will be actively pursuing the debugging and verification of our designed hardware to ensure that all specifications are met.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Rapidly develop engineering, production, and design validation test solutions for our high-volume phased array antennas, including measuring overall antenna performance (radiation patterns, SNR, EVM, GT, EIRP, ACLR, etc.)
Analyze collected data and collaborate with RFantenna engineers to understand device performance and help resolve design issues
Manage cycle times and yields, work with production partners to balance quality with rate
Write automation software in python to interact with units under test, test equipment, instrumentation, and documentation systems
Root cause test failures to ensure issues are fully understood and to provide design recommendations for the product to increase performance, reliability, and yield
Interface with senior leadership to influence the fundamental operation of our constellation and network while collaborating with electrical, silicon, software, mechanical, and manufacturing teams to steer this project from initial concept development to full-scale production

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering or other engineering discipline
RF experience with antennas or communication systems
5 year experience with radio test equipment such as spectrum analyzers, vector signal analyzers, vector signal generators, and network analyzers
5 years of programming experience in Python, C, C, or MATLAB 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in electrical engineering or similar engineering degree
Experience designing test solutions for electronics
5 years of experience working within high-volume manufacturing and test environments
5 years of experience analyzing electrical schematics to develop test plans, improve test coverage, and root cause issues
5 years of experience working with environmental testing such as HALTHASS, thermal, vibration, shock, humidity, and climatic
5 years of professional experience testing, troubleshooting, and debugging RF electronics (WiFi routers, phased arrays, modems)
5 years of experience testing products to meet FCC, IEC, ETSI, EU and international standards
5 years of professional experience with fast-paced projects
Demonstrated ability to work in a highly cross-functional role
Ability to work in a fast paced, autonomously driven, and demanding startup atmosphere
Excellent communication skills both written and verbal
Passion for advancing the commercial space industry and human spaceflight

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to travel domestically or internationally as needed 
Must be available to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:             
Pay range:    RF Test EngineerSenior: 130,000.00 - 180,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.