SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SOCASIC PHYSICAL DESIGN ENGINEER (SILICON ENGINEERING)

At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 2M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe. 
We are seeking a motivated, proactive, and intellectually curious engineer who will work alongside world-class cross-disciplinary teams (systems, firmware, architecture, design, validation, product engineering, ASIC implementation). In this role, you will be developing cutting-edge next-generation ASICs for deployment in space and ground infrastructures around the globe. These chips are enabling connectivity in places it has previously not been available, affordable or reliable. Your efforts will help deliver cutting-edge solutions that will expand the performance and capabilities of the Starlink network.

RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Perform partition synthesis and physical implementation steps (e.g. synthesis, floorplanning, powerground grid generation, place and route, timing, noise, physical verification, electromigration, voltage drop, logic equivalency and other signoff checks)
Developimprove physical design methodologies and automation scripts for various implementation steps
Closely collaborate with the ASIC design team to drive architectural feasibility studies, develop timing, power and area design targets, and explore RTLdesign tradeoffs
Resolve designtimingcongestion and flow issues, identify potential solutions and drive execution
Run, debug, and fix signoff closure issues in static timing analysis (STA), noise, logic equivalency, physical verification, electromigration and voltage drop

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering or computer science
2 years of ASIC andor physical design flow development experience (internship and collegiate extracurricular engineering project experience qualifies)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Basic experience of ASICSOCs RTL2GDSII physical design and signoff flows
Basic experience with industry standard EDA tools including understanding of their capabilities and underlying algorithms
Knowledge of deep sub-micron FinFET and CMOS solid state physics
Understanding of CMOS digital design principles, basic standard cells their functionality, standard cell libraries
Understanding of CMOS power dissipation in deep submicron processes leakagedynamic
Familiar with CMOS analog circuit and physical design
Basic knowledge of DFTScanMBISTLBIST and understanding of their impact on physical design flows
Good scripting skills (cshbash, Perl, Python, TCL, Makefile etc.)
Self-driven individual with a can-do attitude, willing to learn, and an ability to work in a dynamic group environment

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:    Physical Design EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    Physical Design EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year    Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.