SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
LEAD PRODUCTION COORDINATOR
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Create inventory requests based on production work orders and replacement parts
Maintain production schedules through the coordination of planning and shortage management in the production build
Ensure parts are handled and protected properly and within SpaceX specifications
Interface with engineers and technicians on the release of work orders for build
Reconciliation of work order bill of material quantities
Maintain a high integrity in regards to company computer systems per procedures. Assist with resolution of incorrect system data which is driving inappropriate demand, schedules, or could result in general failure
Verify all material received for conformity with accompanying paperwork, checking for damage, correct part numbers, quantity and revisions prior to release of work orders to production
Work with production customers for priority and schedule requirements
Assist materials management leadership and project teams with action item updates as required
Communicate part status and estimated completion dates to leadership upon request
Assist production teams in corrective actions
Support logistics process through innovative staging of workflow
Perform de-kitting operations and own the return to stock process
Support productivity improvement

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
3 years of supply chain, inventory or manufacturing experience
1 year(s) of experience with MRPERP systems (SAP, Oracle, etc.)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in supply chain management or business-related field
Strong computer skills, fluent with the suite of MS office products and Power BI
Organizational skills
1 year(s) of experience writing or editing SQL queries
Ability to effectively lead in a team environment
Experience in aerospace or electronic manufacturing environments
APICS certification

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to pass Space Force background check for Vandenberg
Ability to work 1st shift: 6:00am - 4:30pm Monday - Friday
Valid drivers license
Ability to lift heavy objects is required in this position (up to 25 lbs. unassisted)
Able to work at elevated heights
Able to work in extreme outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain, etc.
Able to work in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise
Available for overtime and weekends as the schedule varies depending on site operational needs; flexibility required
Able to and available for travel (up to 20 of time), including military and government installations

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:Pay range:Lead Production CoordinatorLevel 3: 27.50 - 33.00hour  2.00hour lead differentialLead Production CoordinatorLevel 4: 30.75 - 36.25hour  2.00hour lead differentialLead Production CoordinatorLevel 5: 34.00 - 38.50hour  2.00hour lead differentialYour actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 