SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SPACE LASERS ENGINEER, MANUFACTURING (STARLINK)
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe.
Were at the forefront of satellite optical communication technology as we enable our Starlink constellation to deliver efficient, reliable, and cost-effective internet access around the world. As a member of the Space Lasers team, youll incorporate lasers into the broader SpaceX satellite ecosystem; develop tests to verify their performance and debug laser operations on-orbit. Youll collaborate with other teams to represent laser communication constraints as a stakeholder in network, satellite, and software decisions.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Design and implement tests to verify optical, mechanical and electrical acceptability of space laser hardware
Validate space laser hardware and software performance for laser mesh networks
Lead failure investigations and drive changes to improve reliability andor production rate
Review test data and lead anomaly investigation and resolution
Collaborate with software teams to guide development of flight software for efficient ground and on-orbit laser operations
Implement automation for on-orbit laser operation

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in physics or an engineering discipline
1 years of experience programming in Python or other object-oriented language (internship and extracurricular experience is applicable)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in physics or an engineering discipline
Industry experience using Python (or similar language) to implement tests, automation, analysis, or data review
Experience with integration and test of spacecraft or spacecraft components
Experience operating spacecraft on-orbit
Ability to assess risk and make design and development decisions without all available data
Experience working hands-on with flight hardware and flight spacecraft
Ability to work in a fast paced, autonomously driven, and demanding atmosphere
Competence with Python scripting and a Linux operating system environment
Competence with optical test equipment (power meters, interferometer, laser sources)
Knowledge of and experience with lasers, photodiodes, fiber optics, optics testingtroubleshooting techniques, and signal integrity principles
Knowledge of and experience in free-space optical principles, optical component testing and alignment techniques
Passion for advancing the commercial space industry and delivering global internet access
Strong work ethic and drive to succeed
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work extended hours or weekends as needed for mission critical deadlines

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Space Lasers Engineer, ManufacturingLevel I: 100,000.00 - 120,000.00per year          Space Lasers Engineer, ManufacturingLevel II: 115,000.00 - 135,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.         
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.