SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
INTEGRATION  TEST ENGINEER (OPTOMECHANICAL) 
As an Optomechanical Integration  Test Engineer on the Space Lasers team you will be responsible for developing and operating complex test equipment to validate the Space Lasers systems. This will include qualifying and acceptance testing of optical systems, high precision actuators, and integrated system level testing. On a daily basis you can expect to be driving the business outcome of a project that will directly tie into the success of the Space Lasers program. Depending on the status of a project this could entail test design, operation, data processing, and or root cause investigative work. You will work with responsible engineers, software engineers, and production team members to achieve positive outcomes for the space lasers team.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Manage integration build flow and test operations
Evaluate proposed designs for manufacturability and integration
Interface with both engineers and technicians to optimize manufacturing and automation
Develop and refine manufacturing assembly procedures based on lessons learned
Enable day-to-day execution of the vehicle integration and test flow
Evaluate non-conformances to determine root cause and create actionable items and system improvements

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
1 years of mechanical design andor hands-on manufacturing experience (internships, collegiate engineering projects such as Formula SAE, Baja SAE, etc., or professional industry experience will be considered)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in an engineering discipline
Experience with integration and testing of propulsion, thermal, electrical andor structural systems
Experience working with composites and integration of avionics systems
Documentation and configuration management experience
Experience writing test plans, procedures and providing gono-go judgment and rationale
Experience in a production environment
Demonstrated engineering intuition, critical thinking, comfort with ambiguity

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Some travel to our launch sites may be required as needed, up to 10
Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg
Must be willing to work extended hours andor weekends as needed
This position is very hands-on and requires one to be on their feet for extended periods of time, up to 4 hours at a time
Will often work side by side with our technicians and must be able to climb ladders, stoop, bend, crawl, and work in tight spaces

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:        
Integration  Test EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year 
Integration  Test EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year                          
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.               
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.