SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
DYNAMICS ENGINEER  FALCON AND DRAGON
The Falcon and Dragon Dynamics team is responsible for all dynamic and vibration analyses on SpaceXs operational vehicles. The Dynamics group owns all low and high frequency loads, forcing function development and vehicle response predictions, and ensures hardware is qualified for flight. The group is focused on supporting all variants of the fast-paced Falcon launch vehicle and Americas human spaceflight program - Dragon. The group has a wide range of responsibilities that include structural dynamics, flight data review and processing, model and analysis correlation, fairing and launch pad acoustics, engine dynamics and software programming for tool development. Dynamics engineers are expected to have a strong intuition of dynamic systems and a broad range of engineering disciplines, in addition to having solid software and analytical skills.
You do not need to meet 100 of the preferred qualifications to be considered. We encourage anyone who meets the basic qualifications and is interested in the role to apply  we are looking for enthusiastic, dedicated people to join our team, and want the opportunity to talk to you!
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Resolve dynamics problems through hand calculations, analysis, test and the use of extensive flight data.
Use flight data to monitor the health of our Falcon vehicle fleet, including engine performance
Execute dynamic testing from start-to-finish (pre-test planning, sensor selection  installation, testing, data and signal processing, and model correlation).
Own system level analyses and drive hardware modifications or vehicle operations across vehicle engineering teams.
Perform component and vehicle-level analyses using commercial and in-house codes as well as write new code.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline.
Experience with structural dynamic analyses or system dynamics modeling (can be in a professional, academic, entrepreneurial, or hobby setting).

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Hands-on experience either analyzing data or building hardware.
Experience with vibration and shock testing.
Experience with NASTRAN (knowledge of DMAP programming a plus).
Analyticalscientific programming experience, including data processing (Python and MATLAB preferred).
Finite element modeling experience with at least one commercial FEA package (FEMAP experience a plus).
Working knowledge of structural analysis and test, including a fundamental understanding of strength, stability and fatigue failure mechanisms.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Able to work extended hours andor weekends to support critical milestones.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 
Pay Range:          
Dynamics Engineer Level I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year        
Dynamics Engineer Level II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.     
ITAR REQUIREMENTS

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.