SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SOURCING MANAGER, ELECRONICS (STARLINK)
SpaceX is on a fast track to become the market leader in various product categories like US based human spaceflight, rapid vehicle reusability, internet services through the Starlink constellation and other exciting projects. The SpaceX Supply Chain Department is a critical player in our operations. To capitalize on SpaceXs technological and market changing successes, our team will be part of managing an agile yet robust supply chain that will enable a competitive advantage for the company. The functions within the department include procurement, planning and fulfillment, supplier development and quality, logistics and inventory. SpaceX Supply Chain will play a key role in enabling SpaceX to meet these ambitious growth targets and greatly contribute in making us a multi-planetary species.
RESPONSIBILITIES:  

Develop and manage supply base (domestic and international) to support on active, passive and electro-mechanical components through NPI and production phases 
Work directly with key suppliers to develop and implement sourcing and cost management strategies that support existing platforms and new product development 
Provide guidance to internal customers on design for manufacturability and trade analysis for electronic components, onboarding requirements, and quality
Act as the supplier interface for all RFIs, RFPs and RFQs.
Partner with internal resources to drive adoption of low-cost parts and avoidance of obsolescence. 
Visit supplier facilities and accurately assess operational capability, financial health, and capacity in order to award contracts in support of new product development and long-term production
Conduct comprehensive supplier analysis, including strategic direction, capacity, market and industry position, and risk assessment
Manage costs to ensure alignment with program budget
Present value propositions to executives, including those related to contract award, cost reviews, cost reduction strategies and critical supply issues 
Work with supply chain engineers to develop requirements for both NPI and production phases 
Negotiate contracts to ensure continuity of supply and protect SpaceX interests 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

Advanced degree and 3 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or bachelors degree and 5 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or 9 years of experience working in one or more of the following:

Engineering
Purchasing
Contract negotiation
Material or production planning
Operations or supply chain management
Material cost control
Master production scheduling
Technical procurement or planning experience with PCB, PCBA, or electrical components



PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience 6 years procurement experience in electronics (ASIC, EE, interconnect) sourcing 
Knowledge of active, passive, and electro-mechanical components 
Experience in product development (EVT), new product introduction (NPI) and mass production (MP)
Knowledge of and established relationships with franchised distributors and components manufacturers 
Strong understanding of the semiconductor market, trends, technology leaders, and current pricing trends in the market
Experience reading technical drawings, data sheets, fabrication drawing, BOMs and all related PCBA and harness files
Proven track record of taking ownership, successfully negotiating preferred pricing and driving results
Detail-oriented, self-motivated and able to respond quickly to a fast-moving and ever-changing environment
Exceptional analytical, problem solving, and organizational skills
Effective written, verbal and presentation communication skills
Conducts all activities with the highest level of integrity

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to travel - up to 50 work week travel may be required, including international travel 
Must be able to work extended hours andor weekends as needed to meet major milestones 
This position is based in Bastrop, TX and requires being onsite - remote work not considered 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:Sourcing Manager: 110,000.00 - 145,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 