SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
RECEIVING SPECIALIST (STARLINK)
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Acknowledge and take receipt of all incoming materials and packages, identify receipts in the ERP system, and sort for transportation to identified location
Take direction from receiving lead
Receive all materialspackages and transact receipts in the ERP system
Createprint routing labels and other required identifiers for the receipt of materialpackages
File and maintain records of incoming paperwork
Responsible for system integrity in regard to all receipts
Maintain strict material handling practices in accordance with good practices and procedures
Verify all material received for conformity with accompanying paperwork, checking for damage, correct part numbers and quantity as required
Interface with carriers, internal customers, purchasing, and other related departments to resolve problems relative to the receipt and distribution of material
Perform good housekeeping chores in the area
Operate forklifts and material handling equipment per safety procedures
Evaluate hazardous receipts, inform the requestor, and organize delivery to an appropriate location for hazardous materials
Coordinate internal receipt pickup and internal delivery service as required
Collaborate with various internal and external groups to coordinate return shipments
Review stagnant inventory reports to ensure location accuracy

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of receiving experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

3 years in a shipping and receiving role
Experience in a high-volume manufacturing, aerospace, automotive, or commercial aircraft environment
Experience with an ERP system
Experience with scanning equipment (RF scanner, handheld scanner, etc.)
Strong computer skills, including familiarity with the Microsoft suite
Experience operating a forklift or other material handling motorized vehicles and equipment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Estimated shift times: 1st shift (5am), 2nd shift (3:30pm)
Must be able to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Must be willing to work in an open-aired environment, lacking temperature controls
Must be able to work overtime andor weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:   
Pay Range:    
Receiving SpecialistLevel 1: 20.00hour    Receiving SpecialistLevel 2: 22.00 - 26.00hour    Receiving SpecialistLevel 3: 24.50 - 28.50hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence, and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.