SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PROCESS PLANER, INTEGRATION (SUPER HEAVY BOOSTER)
Process planners are critical to upholding a high standard of manufacturing planning and process to build and test Super Heavy vehicles faster than anyone thought possible. Starship integration will make or break the rate at which Starships are produced, and we are looking to build a team to tackle this challenge. Starship will be the worlds most powerful launch vehicle ever developed, with the ability to carry in excess of 100 metric tons to Earth orbit. In order to meet this goal, we ultimately need thousands of ships to establish a self-sustaining base in Mars or the Moon.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Assist the Starship Booster integration team by creating technical specifications and work instructions for welding processes, mechanical hardware integration, electrical checkouts, and test operations
Interpret manufacturingassembly drawings and process specifications to create accurate and well reviewed technician-level work instructions that fully conform to design requirements
Create, revise, and maintain graphics-heavy, user-friendly instruction and process documents to produce and test flight hardware and ground support equipment
Incorporate redlinesedits from engineers into existing technical specifications, test procedures, and technician-level work instructions
Optimize order of operations and assembly sequence to maximize build efficiency and reduce the probability of technician error
Convert existing specification documents into standardized templates and perform formatting overhauls in Microsoft Word
Interact with engineering, subject matter experts, and shop floor personnel to ensure that work instructions are accurate and comprehensible
Act as subject matter expert on proprietary enterprise software systems and lead initiatives to improve feature sets and workflows
Develop conventions and process templates to drive standardization of planning efforts across the Starship program

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
Associate degree in aerospace, avionics, manufacturing, industrial engineering or production; or 3 years of experience working in a constructionmanufacturing setting
1 years of professional experience with manufacturing processes, including fluid, electrical andor mechanical assemblies

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience converting engineering instructions and information into content intended for a variety of audiences and ability levels
2 years of experience in manufacturing planning or technical writing within the automotive, technology, or aerospace industry
Experience with 2D and 3D graphics and both raster-and-vector based image-editing software
Knowledge of fluids system schematics, procedures and reading technical drawings
Urgency to complete and improve repeated tasks that will require expertise and attention to detail
Experience with SQL, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Experience with Microsoft Macro and VBA coding

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Schedule varies depending on site operational needs; flexibility required
Must be able to work overtime andor weekends as needed
Flexibility to travel to remote build sites, up to 10

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Process PlannerLevel 1: 18.00hour     
Process PlannerLevel 2: 23.00hour     
Process PlannerLevel 3: 28.00hour     
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.     
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.