SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars. 
FRICTION STIR WELDING TECHNICIAN - 2ND SHIFT
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Set up and operate large, motion-controlled machines to create friction stir welds on launch vehicles
Perform precision blending using hand tools to prepare metallic surfaces for welding and non-destructive evaluation
Perform periodic maintenance on machines with complex pneumatic, hydraulic, and mechanical systems
Accurately use precision measuring tools such as micrometers, calipers, and torque wrenches
Assist with area projects to improve safety, quality, and delivery

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
Experience with machining, welding, or metal fabrication

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

3 years of industry experience in machining, welding, or metal fabrication
Experience in a manufacturing or production environment in the aerospace industry
Ability to interpret electronic work instructions, process specifications, and technical drawings
Ability to perform basic shop math (such as geometry and trigonometry)
Experience with PLC troubleshooting, HMIs, and NC programming
Experience with surface and sub-surface NDE methodologies (such as dye penetrant inspection or ultrasonic inspection)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be open to working all shifts, overtime, and weekends as needed
Shift start time: 2nd shift (3:30pm)
This is a hands-on position that may require standing for up to 4 hours a day and working directly with hardware on the floor
Must be able to lift at least 25 lbs. unassisted
Must be comfortable stooping, bending, standing, climbing ladders, or working in tight spaces
Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, and weekends as required 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    Pay range:    Friction Stir Welding TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour    Friction Stir Welding TechnicianLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour    Friction Stir Welding TechnicianLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour           Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.