SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. CNC PROGRAMMER, DIAMOND TURNING (STARLINK)
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Run SPDT (single point diamond turning) machines to meet program and part specifications
Setup and operate multi-axis CNC machines (mills and lathes)
Use SPDT CAM software (nanotech or precitech)
Setup and maintain a diamond turning lab and production space
Complete machining operations from blueprints, drawings andor verbal instructions
Work with complex, tight tolerance parts and various materials (sub-micron tolerances)
Provide feedback to engineering teams on how to improve designs and part quality
Maintain tooling and consumable supply inventory
Create and maintain work instructions and standardized processes
Document non-conformances and associated rework and quickly return non-conforming product back into normal workflow
Independently perform verifications and document results in a clear, precise and complete manner

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
3 years of experience in set up, operation andor programming of SPDT (single point diamond turning) machines
5 years of experience in set up, operation andor programming of CNC mill or lathe machines

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience scaling an optical machining operation from development through high rate production
Knowledge of geometric optics and physical optics
Familiarity with interferometry, optical testing and alignment
Ability to operate optical metrology equipment including Zygo interferometers and imaging systems
Experience with thermal control systems and environmental enclosures
Experience in research and development or other fast-paced technical environments
Ability to read electrical and mechanical schematics andor drawings
Strong computer skills, including experience with Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook) and ability to navigate and manipulate files
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment
Ability to take on project-based goals and deliver a final product, working beyond individual task assignments
Strong interpersonal and verbal communication skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, andor weekends as needed
Must be able to lift and carry up to 25 pounds
Repetitive assembly operations, grasping, standing, lifting, bending, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:         
Pay range:          
Diamond Turning ProgrammerLevel 4: 44.00 - 54.00hour      Diamond Turning ProgrammerLevel 5: 48.00 - 62.00hour      
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.