SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. COMPENSATION ANALYST
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Act as consultant to the Human Resources (HR) team and business leadership to support their decision making for hiring, promotions, specific organizational initiatives, and annual compensation programs
Conduct research, quantitative analysis, data modeling, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand trends to drive strategic decisions around people
Develop compensation programs such as job levels, salary structures, and recognition programs
Aggregate data to participate in compensation surveys
Develop and implement communication and training for compensation programs for recruiters, human resources professionals and managers to promote understanding and transparency
Mentor and train junior members of the team

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree
4 years of professional experience the area of compensation andor human resources

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Degree in business, mathematics, economics, or finance
5 years of experience working with complex compensation packages
Experience working with equity compensation packages
Advanced proficiency in Excel and strong data analysis skills
Strong consultative skills and highly effective in communicating clearly and persuasively with excellent influencing skills
Demonstrated ability to solve complex problems using best practices, knowledge of internal and external business issues to provide a new perspective on existing solutions or create new solutions
Highly organized with ability to manage multiple high-priorities in a fast-paced environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

This position requires being onsite - remote work is not considered

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:
Compensation AnalystSenior: 110,000.00 - 145,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.