SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN (STARSHIP) - LEVEL 45
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Maintain and repair all assets to ensure their proper operating condition
Provide preventative and corrective maintenance on various complex automation systems
Troubleshoot and repair control  electrical system failures involving  PLCs, HMIs, servomotors, servo amplifiers, inputoutput, field sensors
Troubleshoot and repair various machine tool hydraulic and pneumatic systems  actuators, valves, pumps, filters
Troubleshoot and repair automated tool mechanical systems  ballscrews, linear rails, guideways, gearboxes, 3 phase motors
Drive forklifts and company vehicles
Perform other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
8 years of maintenance technician experience
8 years of experience with hydraulic, pneumatic, mechanical, andor electrical repair

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in a technical discipline
10 years of experience as a maintenance technician or field service engineer
Experience installing, aligning and commissioning automated production cells in aerospace environment
Experience accessing and modifying Siemens control logic or similar PLC architectures 
Experience in the application  operation of precision machine tools in aerospace manufacturing environment
Experience with CAD andor mechanical design
Experience operating a forklift and other related inventory equipment
Ability to read and interpret electrical, hydraulic and pneumatic schematics and drawings
Ability to write detailed repair reports (advanced MS Office skills)
Ability to use power tools and hand tools as well as heavy equipment
Ability to maintain a safe and clean working environment while adhering to company policies, quality policies, and industry standards
Detail oriented, organized, and able to demonstrate a high sense of urgency
Analytic thinker that gets to the root of problems and comes up with permanent solutions to remedy issues
Self-motivated and able to work well with others

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available for all shifts, overtime, and weekends as needed
Capable of being forklift and boom lift certified
Capable of lifting up to 30 lbs unassisted and working at heights
Willing to travel up to 10

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
Pay range: 
Maintenance TechnicianLevel 4: 36.00hour
Maintenance TechnicianLevel 5: 41.00 - 55.00hour  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.