SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today, SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SUPPLIER DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER, PCB (STARLINK)
Starlink demands a new type of supply chain. We require our suppliers to provide premium quality with rapidly evolving designs at commercial scale volumes. We are actively looking for highly motivated candidates who possess comprehensive knowledge of manufacturing and quality tools and have unrelenting motivation to enable suppliers for success. This position requires a combination of proven leadership and technical capabilities.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Own continuity of supply for printed circuit boards (PCBs) on the Starlink program
Collaborate with design, RD, commercial supply chain, hardware reliability, and production teams to manage suppliers and deliver world class products for our customers
Support procurement team to strategically source parts matched with supplier capabilities by reviewing and assessing supplier manufacturing processes and quality systems
Identify, audit, and onboard new suppliers
Develop and implement supplier technical requirements and quality flow downs to meet hardware manufacturing needs
Implement and monitor production part approval process (PPAP) with selected suppliers to enable rate production
Ensure qualification and reliability activities at suppliers are in line with requirements
Develop and approve process controls to control critical characteristics
Recommend technical product improvements to reduce risk and opportunities for defects
Analyze supplier quality and delivery metrics to identify trends and pinpoint systemic performance gaps to drive supplier improvement plans
Provide feedback to suppliers as appropriate on manufacturing methods, with a specific focus on eliminating costs, reducing cycle times, and increasing yields
Function as liaison between purchasing, engineering, manufacturing, and suppliers to resolve supplier quality issues and to provide technical support
Drive supplier root cause failure analysis and corrective actions associated with any quality gaps, escapes, or containments
Lead projects and present reports to internal teams, management, andor suppliers
Act as internal owner of suppliers statistical process control (SPC), yield improvement activities, new toolprocess qualification, and performance in terms of quality, efficiency, and cost

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
2 years of experience with printed circuit boards (PCBs), engineering laminates, electrochemical processes, andor microelectronics fabrication (including school projects, clubs, or internships)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Advanced degree in engineering, business, or supply chain
Working knowledge of supplier quality processes (PPAP, APQP, FAIR, RCCA failure analysis, lean methods, etc.) and quality systems (ISO 9000TSAS9100NADCAP)
Knowledge of statistical techniques and methods, e.g., SPC, design of experiments, Six Sigma, etc.
Disciplined approach to problem solving  8D
Electronics manufacturing experience, preferably with PCBs for high-speed  RF applications
Experience with sharing information and influencing others across organizational lines, internally and externally
Ability to work in a fast-paced, cross-functional environment with minimal oversight and learn new skills on-the-job quickly and efficiently
Ability to identify and maintain priorities for tasks and projects while staying organized
Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to make presentations to suppliers, team members and management

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Willingness to work long hours and weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines
Ability to travel: Up to 25-60 travel required (domestic and international)
Valid drivers license

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:
Supplier Development EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Supplier Development EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.