SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
INTEGRATION TECHNICIAN (FALCON OPERATIONS)  NIGHT SHIFT
SpaceX is looking for motivated, energetic, and enthusiastic mechanical technicians to assist with launch site assembly and test of the Falcon 9 launch vehicle. Our team is tight-knit, and we regularly accomplish feats that were previously thought improbable. In addition to the required experience below, our ideal candidate needs to demonstrate exceptional personal initiative and the ability to maintain composure and a good attitude in demanding technical situations. Whether you are working with critical flight systems or a shovel, as a SpaceX employee youll be expected to be responsible, hardworking, and conscientious of the quality of work you are performing. We need people who are not afraid to use their technical ability to not only identify issues but propose solutions and implement improvements. You must be able to produce high-quality work in a timely manner while continually looking forward to drive process improvements that streamline work and save costs.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Stage, set up, assemble, flight hardware and test equipment per technical work instructions and ensure the highest level of quality to support the successful launch of a world class launch vehicle
Hands-on operations with both large and small, fragile ESD sensitive assemblies
Proficiently use various mechanical tools and heavy machinery
Complete tasks related to site preventative maintenance in accordance with the asset management system
Maintain, troubleshoot, and install fluid and electromechanical components from a schematic or drawing
Work closely with engineers and leadership to develop and implement operational improvements focused on driving takt times down and ease of repeatability
Rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment
Play a critical role in coordinated launch vehicle movements and integrated pressurized ground operations

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of professional experience working hands-on as a technician in the aerospace, aviation, automotive, or oil and gas industry OR a certificate from an accredited trade skills program

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Airframe  Powerplant License
Associate degree in aerospace technology or equivalent area of study
Strong written and oral communication skills
Meticulous attention to detail
Ability to take project goals, inputs, and work toward the end-goal beyond individual task assignment
Experience populating and repairing connectors ranging from D-SUB, BNC, TNC, N-TYPE SMA 8P8C
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook)
Experience working in a clean room and ESD sensitive environment
Able to obtain or currently hold top secret SCI security clearance
Knowledge of pressure, temperature, and flow measurement devices
Experience maintaining a propulsion test stand in the aerospace industry
Experience working at a rocket launch facility and supporting launch campaigns
Military aviation experience as a propulsion or airframe technician
Skill in operating and manipulating machinery and various hand and power tools requiring manual dexterity
Experience with forklifts, cranes, and heavy equipment
Familiarity with calibrated measurement devices including load cells, multi-meters, calipers, torque wrenches, depth gauges, and micrometers

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to pass Air Force background check for Vandenberg
Ability to work all shifts, overtime and weekends as needed.
Night Shift estimated start time: 5:00 PM
Must be able to work while wearing air purifying andor supplied air respirators
Work schedule varies depending on site operational needs, and flexibility is required
Must be able to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Must be able to work at elevated heights (up to 300 feet), including the use of ladders
Must be willing to operate heavy machinery
Must be able to work in confined spaces
Typically exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain, ice
Work performed in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise
Willing to travel to other SpaceX sites as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              
Pay range:          Integration TechnicianLevel 1: 22.00 - 29.75hourIntegration TechnicianLevel 2: 27.50 - 35.75hourIntegration TechnicianLevel 3: 33.00 - 41.75hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.