SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MANUFACTURING ENGINEER (STARLINK)
SpaceX is developing a low latency, broadband internet system to meet the needs of consumers across the globe. Enabled by a constellation of low Earth orbit satellites, Starlink will provide fast, reliable internet to populations with little or no connectivity, including those in rural communities and places where existing services are too expensive or unreliable. We are looking for talented, creative, and driven manufacturing engineers to drive manufacturing tools and processes, from initial concept development to full scale production, and will interact regularly with senior leadership during critical design phases. You will own the relationship between the engineering development and production teams. The success of Starlink depends on the quality, reliability, cost, manufacturability, throughput, security, and user experience of the products that you deliver.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Design and implement electro-mechanical assembly and test processes
Collaborate with the mechanical design team to incorporate design for manufacturability
Lead prototype builds ensuring incremental milestones for the production development are met
Ensure manufacturing systems are capable of hitting high volume rate, cost and quality targets
Lead facilities development, floor layout, headcount requirements and material flow definition
Identify tooling and hardware requirements, design and implement into production processes
Identify automation opportunities and establish requirements as well as evaluating return on investment for each
Work with in-house resources or vendors as necessary to develop these solutions and implement on production line

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
1 years of experience in a manufacturing environment via professional work experience, projectresearch-based student experience, or a combination of both

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Demonstrated experience working in a highly adaptive and iterative environment
Proven excellence in a high volume commercial or automotive manufacturing environment
Experience transitioning products from design to manufacturing and scaling to high volume as part of a cross-functional team
Experience with DOE, gage RR and process qualifications
Experience defining production data requirements and SPC
Ability to design tooling for high volume manufacturing
Demonstrated experience implementing automation into production processes
Experience integrating electromechanical or lamination assemblies with both manual and automated processes
Ability to develop and maintain high performing suppliers and contract manufacturers
Experience with NX and Teamcenter
Experience working with and defining requirements for ERP, MRP and MES systems

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Manufacturing EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    Manufacturing EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.