SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.DEVELOPMENT TEST ENGINEERJoin the Development Test group as a Test Engineer developing SpaceXs newest products. Development Test is a fast paced RD focused group that aims to reduce hardware development time and increase reliability by testing SpaceXs upcoming products, ground systems, spacecraft, and launch vehicles. Our Test Engineers design, fabricate, and implement test equipment as well as conduct development tests for the new structures, components, and mechanisms.RESPONSIBILITIES:Create test stand concepts, fabrication drawings, wiring schematics, and instrumentation listsDesign and analyze structures, fluid systems, and mechanismsSupervise the integration of test stands including fabrication, mechanical assembly and datacontrol systemsOperate test stands with great attention to detail (tests have very little margin for error, so attention to detail is a crucial and essential characteristic of a development test engineer)BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:Bachelors degree in mechanical engineering1 years of experience in one or a combination of the following:Involvement with an extracurricular project team designing and building mechanical structuresAcademic research on mechanical structuresProfessional experience designing and analyzing mechanical structuresPREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:Masters degree in mechanical engineering or other engineering disciplineUnderstanding and proper application of GDTExperience with Unigraphics (NX)Experience performing finite element analysis (FEA)Experience with large steel andor aluminum weldment design and analysisExperience with high pressure (up to 30,000 psi) fluid system design and analysisHands-on design and fabrication experienceBasic programming skills (Python, Javascript, and HTMLCSS preferred)Data acquisition and controls experienceDemonstrated ability to drive projects to completionADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:Must be willing to travel for as needed, up to 25 to other SpaceX sitesAbility to work at elevated heights occasionally (scissor lifts and articulated boom lifts)Physical effort including standing, lifting, and carrying equipment up to 25 lbs. unassistedAbility to work in outdoor environments as neededMust be available to work extended hours and some weekendsCOMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:Pay range:    Development Test EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    Development Test EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year    Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.ITAR REQUIREMENTS:To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.