SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
INTERNATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEER (STARLINK)
Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help develop the systems that enable providing service in new markets and even greater system performance and growth potential.
As an International Infrastructure Engineer, you will engage in hardware design initiatives, travel to develop antenna infrastructure build-out plans with international partners, and own global antenna site roll-out plans that support Starlink system-level performance and growth goals. Expect broad scope, diverse engineering challenges, and a great adventure  one day you could be designing a new way to mount an antenna to a roof, and the next day traveling to a new country to develop a solution to power and connect the sites youre responsible for activating there.  
We are looking for people who excel at solving complex problems, managing large projects, are ready to learn new things, and want to work in a dynamic, fast-paced, and collaborative environment to engineer solutions with real global impact.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Design antenna sites and site hardware to support, connect, and power the antennas all over the world that backhaul the Starlink network
Travel abroad to create infrastructure development plans with international partners to establish antenna sites that maximize the Starlink constellation effectivity and expand customer access
Develop new processes and methods that enable rapid deployment of antennas
Engage cross-functionally to align technical roadmaps with other contributors to Starlink, like business growth, regulatory, or network engineering teams
Review antenna site reliability over time to develop robust solutions that ensure overall system health
Demonstrate extreme ownership of product and business outcomes at every stage of conceptualization and implementation 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering or science discipline
1 years of professional experience in an engineering role (internship and extracurricular experience is applicable) 

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Experience with electrical, mechanical, or structural design and analysis
Experience with build, production, or integration of components into an assembly, structure, vehicle, or site
Demonstrated success in multidisciplinary project execution
Experience with any of the following is a bonus:

Producing construction drawings or plans
SQL, Matlab, Python, C, or similar
Producing dashboards or analytical and statistical models (Ex: Tableau, PowerBI)
Physical network infrastructure design or planning



ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to travel to US and international ground station sites
Must be willing to work long hours and occasional weekends when necessary to support launch and critical project timelines

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:     
Pay range:          
International Infrastructure EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year   
International Infrastructure EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k)-retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.