SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PROPULSION TECHNICIAN (COPV) - 2ND SHIFT
Candidates should possess a combination of solid mechanical knowledge, hands-on experience and the willingness and ability to learn. The propulsion technician is responsible for assembly and testing of rocket hardware, associated sub assemblies. This is a dynamic position that requires the flexibility to work on different systems, the ability to troubleshoot anomalies, and can work autonomously to defined schedules while keeping safety and quality at the forefront of everything that is done.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Clean tools, valves, regulators and maintain a professional and neat work area
Stage, install, set-up, test and de-stage engines
Troubleshoot engines and cell systems
Operate test cell instrumentation and uses computer network systems, as well as test units as described in the test instruction
Accept or reject test units based on calculated test data and results
Perform work according to procedures, specifications and test instructions

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of experience in a manufacturing, aerospace, military, or automotive environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience staging, installing, removing and de-staging propulsion engines
AP license
2 years of experience working on aircraft or rocket engines
5 years of aerospace engines experience
Knowledge of pressure, temperature and flow measurement devices; mechanical and electrical systems; andor propulsion engines
Strong mathematical, basic computer, problem solving and decision making skills, and strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work independently or as part of a team to meet aggressive schedules
Ability to operate and understand readouts on standard cell instrumentation: CRT screens, Daytronic vibration analyzer, and make full use of computer network systems

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work all shifts, overtime, andor weekends as needed. 
2nd shift: 3:30PM - 2:00AM
Able to lift a min. of 25 lbs. unassisted
Able to stand for extended periods  8 hours min
Able to stoop, bend, crawl, and being able to maneuver in tight spaces

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Propulsion TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour    Propulsion TechnicianLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour    Propulsion TechnicianLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.    ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here. 

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.