SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PROPULSION ENGINEER, ADDITIVE (RAPTOR)
The Additive Manufacturing Engineer is responsible for design, development, and testing of all facets of the additive process with a focus on machines, software, part design and analysis, and additive techniques.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Drive and identify projects to make the printer platforms more robust and repeatable based on machine issues, failed builds, and sensor monitoringin process data acquisition.
Be an active contributor within a team of engineers who perform the design, development, and testing of all facets of the additive process using powder-bed and powder-fed approaches.
Continually identify and implement process improvement efforts on every step of the additive process.
Advise and collaborate with the design team to incorporate and optimize features for additive manufacturing.
Generateoptimize build files to produce high quality parts in minimum time with maximum consistency.
Work with materials engineers to investigate properties, geometric accuracy, and surface finish results to develop optimal print parameters, heat treatments, and design allowable for existing and new alloys.
Develop and maintain systems to efficiently collect and analyze process data while minimizing collectionentry burden.
Develop and document best practices on new equipment and processes.
Identify and implement safety improvements throughout the additive manufacturing process.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical, materials, or other engineering discipline.
1 years of professional or internship experience in a manufacturing environment or role.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in aeronautical, astronautical, or mechanical engineering.
Experience with operating additive machines, including parameter development and process control.
Experience with trouble shootingrepairing machines.
Knowledge of various additive and subtractive manufacturing and joining techniques for metals.
Solid understanding of optics and lasers.
Knowledge of relevant aerospace design and test specifications, such as SMC-S-016, NASA-STD-5009, AIAA-S-080, and NASA-STD-5017.
Familiarity with common engineering materials properties (strength, life, thermal, fluid compatibility etc.) and processing attributes particularly for titanium or nickel-based alloys.
Ability to perform trade studies using first principles and engineering fundamentals.
Proficient in basic principles of compressible and incompressible flow, thermodynamics, thermochemistry, mechanics, materials, and electrical circuits.
Hands-on experience with aerospace component or fluid system testing, including pressure, hot-fire, and environmental testing.
Excellent communication skills and ability to succinctly present recommendations.
Passion for advancing the commercial space industry and human spaceflight.
Able to work well in an integrated collaborative team environment.
Highly self-motivated and able to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:

Propulsion EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Propulsion EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year

Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 