SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
OPERATIONS ENGINEER (STARSHIELD)
Starshield leverages SpaceXs Starlink technology and launch capability to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads.
The Operations Engineer supports production programs through strategic planning, optimization of production processes, and alignment of resources to tasks. Were looking for emerging leaders who can join teams and apply principles of operations engineering, operations research, industrial engineering, and data science to complex optimization and simulation problems. If youre an engineer who can conduct complex problem analysis and steer strategic decisions within production, you just might be who were looking for.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop tools to analyze delivery, capacity, and cost problems for production, supply chain, and operations to guide decisions
Work as part of a team to develop and manage production strategy to mitigate future production risks and seize emerging opportunities to improve quality, output, safety, and cost
Develop process flow models to analyze production system behavior and synchronize output with other elements of the company
Identify operational challenges within the organization, determine root cause, and develop appropriate solutions
Develop and track key performance measures, and identify decision points and actions to optimize production to meet demand
Actively develop system and process improvements within and between production elements
Collaborate with cross-departmental partners in supply chain, engineering, operations, and accounting groups to synchronize efforts
Capture best practices of production systems, and manage organizational knowledge and lessons learned

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
1 years of experience in using Excel, SQL, or PythonR for analysis or modeling dynamic systems (internships, collegiate engineering projects such as Formula SAE, Baja SAE, etc., or professional industry experience will be considered)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Ability and willingness to obtain a Top Secret clearance
Proficiency with statistics, data analysis, costbenefit analysis, and visualization
Experience with CAD software, Power BI, and discrete event modeling tools
Experience with inventory, production, and capacity planning (including MRPERP systems)
Experience as an industrial, operations, process, or manufacturing engineer in a developmental manufacturing environment
Experience with Lean, Six Sigma, and related production principles
Experience or education in management science and engineering, operations engineering, operations research, or industrial engineering
Experience as a contributor to multi-disciplinary and cross-functional teams
Ability to work in fast-paced, high-stress environments
Excellent written and communication skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work extended hours andor weekends as needed for mission-critical deadlines, including occasional short-notice domestic travel
An active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions; if so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:
Operations EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Operations EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS: 

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here. 

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.