SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.OPERATIONS ENGINEER (LAUNCH)The Falcon Operations team is responsible for flight hardware refurbishment and final integration operations prior to launch.  We are looking for an operations engineer to support launch production teams through new factory layouts, optimization of processes, and alignment of resources to tasks. We are looking for engineers to lead cross-functional and multi-disciplinary teams that optimize West Coast launch and recovery operations in a fast-paced environment. We are seeking emerging leaders who can join teams and apply principles of operations engineering, operations research, industrial engineering, and data science to complex optimization and simulation problems. RESPONSIBILITIES: Primary owner for new factory build-out for flight hardware production and responsible for ensuring this factory meets operational needs for an increased launch cadence. Work cross-functionally with launch production teams to develop optimized factory layouts and construction teams to ensure requirements are scoped and activated. Develop tools to analyze output, rate capacity, optimization problems for launch and operations to guide decisions.Work as part of a team to develop and manage strategy to mitigate future launch risks and seize emerging opportunities to improve quality, output, safety, and cost.Develop process flow models to analyze launch production system behavior and synchronize output with other elements of the organization.Identify operational challenges within the organization, determine root cause, and develop appropriate solutions.Develop and track key performance measures, and identify decision points and actions to optimize production to meet demand.Actively develop system and process improvements within and between production elements.Capture best practices of launch production systems, and manage organizational knowledge and lessons-learned.BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:Bachelors degree in an engineering disciplineExperience in using Excel, SQL, or PythonR for analysis or modeling dynamic systems and  or experience in factory layout software tools such as Visio or Sketchup.PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:Proficiency with statistics, data analysis, costbenefit analysis, and visualization.Experience with CAD software, Power BI, and discrete event modeling tools.Experience with inventory, production, and capacity planning (including MRPERP systems).Experience as an industrial, operations, process or manufacturing engineer in a developmental manufacturing environment.Experience with lean, six sigma, and related production principles.Experience or education in management science and engineering, operations engineering, operations research, or industrial engineering.Experience as a contributor to multi-disciplinary and cross-functional teams.Ability to work in fast-paced, high stress environments.Excellent written and communication skills.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:Must be able to work extended hours andor weekends as needed to meet major milestones.Must be able to travel - up to 10 work week travel may be required to other sites.Must be able to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg.This position is based in Vandenberg, CA and requires being onsite - remote work not considered.COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:Pay range: Operations EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearOperations EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year    Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.ITAR REQUIREMENTS:To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.