
SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.


POWER ELECTRONICS ENGINEER (STARSHIP)
The Starship electrical hardware development team supports the mission to revolutionize orbital flight and space travel- opening access for humankind to establish new frontiers in space and ultimately become a multi-planetary species. Our team builds some of the most advanced electronics ever flown in space- at a cost and rate previously considered unthinkable in the space industry. Become a part of this fast moving and world class hardware development team, work with super smart and motivated engineers, and achieve truly audacious goals. If youre ready for a challenge and would like to help make our civilization multi-planetary then youve come to the right place!
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Provide engineering expertise in design, analysis, and testing of DC-DC power converters for harsh environments
Work on electrical power system and sub-system level design trades and develop requirements
Define and perform electrical power system verification testing and analysis
Work with multidisciplinary teams of design, test, and production engineers to create new power electronics hardware

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering
1 years of experience in power converter development
Previous experience with DC-DC power converter development
Previous experience working with magnetics and design of custom transformers and inductors, including planar magnetics
Experience in modeling, simulation, and testing of power electronics

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in electrical engineering or related field
Previous experience with DC-DC power converter development
Previous experience working with magnetics and design of custom transformers and inductors, including planar magnetics
Experience in modeling, simulation, and testing of power electronics
Strong grasp of analog control and discrete logic design
Experience in modeling, simulation, and testing of power electronics
Working experience in voltage and current mode control and compensation design
Experience with AC-DC converters and power factor correction
Strong grasp of DC-DC topologies, with ability to select optimal architectures and components
Understanding of design for fault tolerance and reliability
Familiar with failure mode effects and criticality analysis
Familiarity with design of wire wound and planar inductors and transformers
Familiarity with power supply testing and packaging for harsh environments
Experience with in-lab impedance measurement and loop-gain measurement
Familiarity with spacecraft electrical power systems and knowledge of radiation effects

 ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work extended hours or weekends as needed for mission critical deadlines

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:          Hardware Development EngineerLevel I: 100,000.00 - 120,000.00per year Hardware Development EngineerLevel II: 115,000.00 - 135,000.00per year             
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000
