SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. IT NETWORK ENGINEER
SpaceX is looking for an experienced network engineer with expertise in networking technologies that support routing, switching, dynamic multicast, Wi-Fi, network access control, automation, etc. This position will be directly involved with supporting and expanding our campus and data center infrastructure as well as our expansive wireless network using reliable and redundant design standards.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Lead the design, implementation and troubleshooting of large and complex wireless networks
Configuring, installing and supporting campus and data center networks
Troubleshoot wiredwireless networking related issues
Support the deployment of network access control (NAC) using 802.1X
Develop and enforce network policies and standards
Plan and prepare project roadmaps
Develop network automation tools to support our enterprise network
Monitor network health using in-house and 3rd party tools
Create and maintain proper documentation of our networks 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other STEM discipline and 5 of years professional network engineering experience OR 8 years of professional network engineering experience 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Expert understanding of the OSI model and network standards
Hands on experience with the following:

Cisco Catalyst and Arista data center class switches
Cisco wireless LAN controllers or other wireless technologies
Network Access Control (NAC) using 802.1X
Wave Division Multiplexing and Fiber Optics
DNS, DHCP, SNMP, IP helpers, ARP, CDP, LLDP
BGP routing
Switch port security features
Network monitoring tools
Network documentation


LinuxWindows system administration
Experience with Python scripting
Industry standard certifications such as CCNA, CCNP, or CCIE

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available to work extended hours and weekends as needed 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:        
IT Network EngineerSenior: 135,000.00 - 180,000.00per year        
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.                         
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here 

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.