SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today, SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. SUPPLIER DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER, SILICON (STARLINK)
SpaceX is looking for a highly motivated, highly-technical Sr. Supplier Development Engineer focusing on Silicon and Semiconductors with excellent problem solving and communication skills. A successful engineer in this role is technical, committed, organized, detail oriented, adept at driving actions and resolving conflicts; and communicates with ease at all levels. Quality and reliability expert with a track record of improving the quality of semiconductor components during New Product Introduction (NPI) as well as maintaining it throughout the life cycle.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Work with the design, RD, commercial supply chain, reliability and production teams to manage various Silicon and Semiconductor supply
Develop deep understanding of product, process and testing to ensure world class products for our customers
Drive failure analysis and resolve process  quality issues in the product and manufacturing processes;
Identify quality gaps among components, module and system and drive them to closure
Review and approve SemiconductorRFICASICMEMS fabrication technology, assembly processes and quality control plans
Ensure suppliers are conforming to SpaceX quality specs and requirements
Ensure qualification and reliability activities at suppliers are in line with requirements
Responsible for setting and managing the quality and reliability standards for SpaceX EEE components
Drive and track semiconductor component failures internally and root cause and corrective action (RCCA)
Work with engineering to set DPPM, Failure-In-Time (FIT), and Mean Time to Failure (MTTF) in place for components and silicon chips
Monitor, review, and present monthly performance data and metrics to stakeholders to enable data-driven decision making
Internal owner of supplier process control, SPC, production yield improvements, new tool qualification, and new process development to address production quality and efficiency
Understanding of SPC and other quality system used to monitor factory performance and to ensure no quality escapes

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering or a STEM discipline
5 years of manufacturing, supply chain, or business project experience
5 years of experience with semiconductor fabrication and global manufacturing

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in engineering or business
Experience with high volume manufacturing
Ability to communicate and direct supplier activities at the management level
Knowledge quality processes - production part approval process (PPAP), advanced product quality planning (APQP), first article inspection reports (FAIR), etc
Experience with quality systems (ISO 9000TSAS9100NADCAP)
Knowledge of statistical techniques and methods, e.g., design of experiments, Six Sigma, Statistical Process Control (SPC), etc
Knowledge of Lean concepts
Experience with sharing information and influencing others across organizational lines, internally and externally
Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to make presentations to suppliers, team members and management
Experience with MRP or ERP systems

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Ability to work extended hours, some nights and weekends when required to meet critical deadlines
Ability to travel: average of 25-40 travel, possibly on short notice; valid drivers license mandatory

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  Pay range: Sr. Supplier Development Engineer: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.