SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. SOURCING SPECIALIST (FALCON  DRAGON)
Falcon 9 is the worlds first orbital reusable rocket, driving down cost of space entry and making space more accessible. The Dragon spacecraft is the only spacecraft currently flying that is capable of returning significant amounts of cargo to Earth, and is the first private spacecraft to take humans to the space station. Our Falcon  Dragon program provides assured access to space for astronauts, provider for national security payloads, and is critical for the success of Starlink satellites. This role will be integral member of our Falcon  Dragon strategic sourcing team and the supply chain subject matter expert for composite machined part fabrication. Along with managing commodity and supplier strategies, a large focus of this role will be eliminating any risk to hitting rate and setting up turnkey solutions to mass produce cost effective rockets.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Create sourcing strategies to reduce risk, enable continuous cost reduction and align with company strategy on payment terms, cash targets, on time delivery and cost savings
Build genuine relationships both internally and externally and drive cross-functional teams to achieve consensus regarding the opportunities
Maintain vendor delivery of goods and services; execute purchasing transactions within scope area by issuing purchase orders for SpaceX programs and ensure delivery; manage all relevant master data to ensure accurate and complete information at all times
Develop and maintain key internal stakeholder relationships to evaluate sourcing models and optimize the value of products and services that support business requirements; maintain continuous cost reduction programs; communicate, manage, and drive compliance to category strategies; provide solutions to a wide range of difficult problems
Develop and improve sourcing strategies to reduce risk and meet targets for the Starlink program including, but not limited to, payment terms, spend targets, and cost savings
Identify and execute cost reduction projects including planning, stakeholder coordination, timeline management, and project updates
Negotiations: utilize negotiations to maximize value and cost savings benefit while lowering risk
Conduct research, perform benchmarking, and gather market analysis for assigned categories; Act as a market intelligence provider regarding categories; anticipate strategic opportunities and keep key stakeholders informed
Responsible for advanced quantitative analysis to identify financial impacts of decisions and performance for managed categories; perform business process analysis and develop models to improve cost; collaborate with stakeholders to define service level agreements and key performance indicators for suppliers, such as: delivery of business results, cost reduction, quality and timeliness of delivery; conduct research, perform benchmarking, and gather market analysis for assigned categories

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Advanced degree; or bachelors degree and 2 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or 6 years of experience working in one or more of the following:

Engineering
Purchasing
Contract negotiation
Material or production planning
Operations or supply chain management
Material cost control
Master production scheduling



PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree
Ability to mine data from our in-house ERP using Excel, SQL and Power BI to enable decision making
Familiarity or experience working with aerospace components
Strong ability to read drawings and blueprints, with understanding of manufacturing complexity
Strong negotiation and influencing skills
Experience with technical procurement, manufacturing, or designing production components
Remarkable problem-solving skills with a bias for speed and positive impact
Ability to learn quickly and prioritize appropriately to meet customer and company needs
Exceptional analytical and organizational skills
Excellent customer service skills, produce exceptional work at all times, highly self-motivated
Effective written and verbal communications skills, with strong ability to communicate to all levels of internal personnel
Strong technical knowledge and skills in current technologies and applications
Detail-oriented, and able to respond quickly to a fast-moving and ever-changing environment
Holds self to highest ethical standards, and conducts all activities with the highest of integrity

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to travel up to 15
Able to work long hours and weekends as needed
This position is based in Hawthorne, CA and requires being onsite - remote work not considered

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:
Sr. Sourcing Specialist: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.