SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SUPERVISOR, PRODUCTION (STAGE 2 INTEGRATION) - WEEKENDSHIFT
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Supervise shop floor activity, including daily schedules and workflow
Resolve nonconformance issues including documentation of associated rework
Lead and manage a staff of technicians including all performance management related tasks
Review work instructions, and make change recommendations when needed
Assess and vet the appropriate skillset needed for stage integration
Identify training needs, and develop training programs
Provide required data and reporting to support departmental metrics and improvement objectives
Monitor labor hours and overtime, and implement improvement plans and time management with staff
Accomplish production results by communicating job expectations including planning, monitoring, and appraising job results
Develop and implement cost reductions processes and efficiency improvement measures
Initiate and foster a spirit of cooperation within and between shifts and other departments
Perform production risk identification and mitigation
Ensure product quality and conformance to specifications
Maintain tooling and consumable supply inventory
Improve area safety and efficiency through regular auditing and continuous improvement
Continuously improve process and manpower efficiency, utilization, and productivity

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree or 5 years of professional experience in a manufacturingproduction environment
1 years of experience leading a team or project

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

5 years of experience in structures manufacturing
Bachelors degree in an engineering or STEM discipline
Experience bringing teams and processes from development to production
Ability to effectively communicate (verbal and written) with engineering and production
Able to adapt to constant changing work assignments and fast paced work environment
Lean manufacturing training and experience
Experience monitoring, tracking, and continually improving total cost equation
Experience with applying lean manufacturing principles and efficiency methods
Demonstrated record of high-performance (rated 44 or above in previous review cycles)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be open to working the weekend shift (Thursday - Sunday, 5am - 5pm) and working extended hours and weekdays
Must be able to travel short andor extended trips as needed (up to 10)
Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:            
Pay range:      
Supervisor: 105,000.00 - 135,000.00per year      
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.      
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.