
SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
RFMICROWAVE ENGINEER (STARLINK)
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe.
Our Satellite Payload Engineering team develops the RF devices that power our satellites and ground antennas - from power amplifiers to waveguide components to reflectors to antennae. The ideal candidate will be part of a multidisciplinary team focused on developing all elements of new high performance wireless digital communication systems from antenna to protocol level. You will be responsible for the design, implementation and verification of the electrical hardware for the satellites and ground communication systems.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Simulatemodel RF front-end systems, working with system architects, modemDSP and ASIC engineers to partition functions between hardware and software domains
Participate in subsystem design and prototyping, schematic capture, prototype bring-up and debugging, hardware bug tracking, functional verification, and signal characterization
Derive RF HW specifications for the RF system and RF blocks
Develop RFmicrowave circuits, components, MMICs, board and packages
Evaluate and characterize prototypes and RF components
Characterize and analyze full radio performance
Support manufacturing engineers on production testing of RF avionics components and systems

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering, physics or other engineering discipline
1 years of research andor industry experience in RFmicrowave circuit design
1 years of professional or internship experience in analog, digital or mixed-signal design principles including designs using sensors, operational amplifiers, AD and DA converters, and filters

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in electrical or computer engineering discipline with emphasis in RFmicrowave circuits or electromagnetic theory
Experience with design of linear and non-linear circuits such as power amplifiers, low noise amplifiers, mixers, filters and PLLs
Thorough understanding of RF passive components
Familiar with radio related test equipment such as spectrum analyzers, vector signal analyzers, vector signal generator, network analyzers
Experience characterizing radio performance at microwave frequencies
Knowledge of digital communication systems, spread spectrum, single and multi-carrier techniques and modulation types such as QPSK, APSK and QAM
RFmicrowave design using ADS, HFSS, AWR or similar
Understanding of electromagnetic propagation and antenna systems
Schematic and layout using Altium Designer or other PCB design tool
Experience in Matlab, Python, C or equivalent tools for modeling and analyzing RF systems
Python andor LabVIEW programming experience for test automation
Digital communication theory with emphasis on bit error rate and system noise figure
RFmicrowave design in the Ku, Ka, V and E-band frequency range

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work extended hours or weekends as needed for mission critical deadlines

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
RF Systems EngineerLevel 1: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per yearRF Systems EngineerLevel 2: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.