
SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.


COMPOSITES LAMINATION TECHNICIAN
The composites production team is looking for talented individuals to join them! As a composites lamination technician, you will be responsible for building rocket and spacecraft structures. The task requires both high attention to detail and precision layup.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Laminate assemblies by determining proper placement of composite materials into molds
Prepare parts for bagging, including placement of bleeders, thermocouples, probes and vacuum connections
Perform vacuum bag processing, bonding, and ovenautoclave curing
Make basic layouts on parts or assemblies in order to establish reference points and to check dimensions using calipers, micrometers, precision scales and torque wrenches
Prepare surfaces using grit blast, hand abrade and power abrasion techniques

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of assembly experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience working with composite materials in either layup (lamination), bonding or assembly of composites (prepreg or wet layup)
Experience operating a ply cutting machine
Experience operating a laser projector to layout laminated assemblies
Experience reading and interpreting engineering drawings, an understanding for drawing symbols, flag notes and general notes
Ability to follow written and verbal instructions, read travelers and standard operating procedures
Attention to detail and accuracy while working within a fast-paced production environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing to work all required shift hours, overtime and weekends as needed. We have two shifts: 1st shift (est start time 5 am); 2nd shift (est start time 3:30 pm)
Standing for long periods of time, climbing up and down ladders, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, and stretching are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Able to lift and carry up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Able to climb ladders and work in tight spaces

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Lamination TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 24.50hour    Lamination TechnicianLevel 2: 23.00 - 29.00hour    Lamination TechnicianLevel 3: 27.00 - 35.00hour        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
