SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MANAGER, NDE OPERATIONS (STARSHIP)
The Manager of Nondestructive Evaluation Operations leads the team of inspectors, specialists, and supervisors who perform complex inspections on all of the Starship hardware produced at Starbase. This hardware includes everything from large metallic barrels, tanks, tooling structures, tubing, piping, brackets, coupons, and more. Ensuring the quality of the hardware and understanding how inspections are performed is a critical aspect of the role. This team is also responsible for ensuring that inspectors are available when needed and that inspections are performed in a timely and efficient manner. Inspection should not hold up the flow of hardware unless flaws are found and corrective actions are necessary.
SpaceX is a very dynamic environment and an organization that always challenges itself to do newer and more difficult things, with the ultimate goal of starting a colony on Mars. This leader must be able to adapt to rapidly changing requirements, schedules, deadlines, and shifts in company focus. The position requires a strong people manager who enables SpaceX to achieve its goals by investing in the people who work here, providing career growth opportunities, and valuable feedback to all team members.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Lead the team of NDE supervisors and technicians and provide daily support to all NDE inspections in multiple NDE resource centers across production, test, and launch sites
Identify process improvements and ensure operations are lean, efficient, and effective. Develop appropriate metrics and goals for each resource center and work with supervisors and the team to achieve improved results
Assess employee performance and provide positive and constructive feedback
Ensure adequate training plans are available for all employees to enable career growth and to meet the needs of SpaceX
Work with NDE Engineering, Production, Build Reliability, and Design Engineering partners to support our mission
Manage capital expenditures and operational expenditures for the NDE operations team
Maintain a positive, safe, and healthy work environment and continually promote SpaceX culture and values

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
5 years of industry product or process designdevelopment experience, specifically focused within production or integration systems
5 years of experience in a leadership position with direct reports 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

High degree of comfort in a manufacturing environment, working to identify and execute efficiency improvements in all aspects of production and manufacturing
Significant exposure to a wide variety of fabrication, integration, and testing methodologies
A proven track record of leadership and team building within a rapidly changing environment
Experience in a high-volumehigh-complexity production background, such as automotive, commercial aviation, or consumer electronics
Consistent record of exceptional personal achievements and contributions that have supported career progression to-date
Demonstrated examples of serving as a leadership focal point and decision-maker at an executive level
Experience in top-tier product companies, with a reputation for excellence in technology and product quality
Experience in both sub-assembly production and final vehicle assemblytest experience

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to bend, stretch, stand for extended periods of time, climb stairs, reach, twist
Must be available to work extended hours and weekends as needed
Must be willing to travel to remote sites as-needed (10-20)

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:NDE OperationsManager: 125,000.00 - 160,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.