SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MATERIAL TRANSFER DRIVER  WEEKEND SPLIT SHIFT
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Load, drive, and unload manufacturing, test, and support items within a 2.5-mile radius of the SpaceX campus
Safely load trucks at pickup points and transport truckload to destination following the rules of the road at all times
Safely load and unload trucks at designated drop off points
Forklift use will be the primary method of loading and unloading trucks
Ensure truckload contents are secure for safe and undamaged delivery to destination
Scan barcodes meeting business WMS requirements
Contribute to Receiving, Material Handling, and Inventory operations within the Distribution Center and across SpaceX as needed
Review all documentation for correct items to be delivered as well as precise delivery area
Maintain all applicable documents (paperwork) related to items being delivered to ensure they are not damaged during delivery
Monitor service records of the vehicle when driving and report all problems to manager immediately
Maintain cleanliness of vehicle and refueling when low

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of driving experience
Experience operating a forklift andor material handling motorized vehicles and equipment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Material handling and stake bed driving experience (under 26k GVW)
Trucking experience, preferably with customer-service oriented delivery background
Experience driving for a high-volume manufacturing environment
Excellent organizational and time management skills
Strong customer-service delivery background
Counter-balance sit-down forklift experience

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Valid California Class C license
Ability to work the following shift: Friday to Monday 11AM  11PM
Ability to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Willingness to work overtime and weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:       
Pay range:      
Level 1: 20.00 - 23.00hour           Level 2: 22.50 - 27.00hour           Level 3: 25.00 - 30.00hour           
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 