SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
EQUIPMENT RELIABILITY ENGINEER
As rocket, spacecraft, and engine production continue to push new bounds in order to satisfy the growing demands of the space industry, the complex and ever-evolving critical equipment required to build, integrate, and test our products must work harder than ever. Equipment Reliability Engineers hold the keys to the production machine; they not only help identify some of the most risk-heavy SpaceX production assets, but they technically diagnose, advise, implement, and execute a strategic path forward at the equipment-level to promote system reliability, minimize losses, and maximize critical asset efficiencies across the SpaceX factories.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Own equipment improvement plans for maintenance strategies and equipment availability to maximize production equipment availability
Define, develop and refine equipment reliability programs that include:

Preventive maintenance tasks performed by machine operators and experienced maintenance technicians
Comprehensive BOM development and selection of critical spare parts
Integration of existing equipment into SpaceX Internet of Things (IoT) to enable real time performance monitoring
Design and integration of new sensors onto machines to set predictive and condition-based monitoring triggers
Iterative design improvements


Develop engineering solutions to repetitive or high consequence failures on critical equipment through Root Cause Analysis (RCA)
Conduct Failure mode, effects and criticality analysis (FMECA) to create proactive reliability programs for critical equipment
Coordinate cross-functionally to drive process improvements, design iterations and complete equipment overhauls
Integrate with internal Tooling, Automation and Production teams to ensure maintainability of design is incorporated into new internally designed equipment
Develop and implement maintenance and reliability Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to drive equipment improvements and organizational efficiency
Support onboarding and commissioning of newly purchased or fabricated equipment; release reliability programs prior to equipment entering production
Provide technical support to production, maintenance management and technical personnel
Manage production requests for asset improvements and data collection

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
Experience in a manufacturing, reliability, or operations role (internship or project experience qualifies)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years of experience in a maintenance engineering role and reliability in a high-volume manufacturing, testing or operational environment
Hands-on experience with equipment control systems, machinery, tooling and industrial automation
Developed understanding of mechanical, fluid, and electrical component functions
Experience using Microsoft SQL and PowerBI
Ability to read and understand equipment schematics, PID, GDT and OEM manuals
Familiarity with aerospace manufacturing and test equipment; CNC, SMT, 3D printing, robotics, tooling, furnaces, chillers, etc.
Experience working with CMMS programs such as Maximo, SAP, Infor
Basic understanding of maintenance and reliability KPIs; OEE, MTBF, MTTR
Critical thinking and problem-solving skills
Detail oriented, organized, and able to demonstrate a high sense of urgency

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Physical effort including standing, lifting, and carrying equipment up to 30 lbs. unassisted
Ability to work in outdoor environments as needed
Must be available to work extended hours and some weekends
Willing to travel for short trips as needed, up to 10 travel

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Equipment Reliability EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year  Equipment Reliability Engineer Level II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.