SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. IT LINUX SYSTEMS ADMNISTRATOR - TOP SECRET CLEARANCE
SpaceX is looking for an experienced Sr. IT Linux Systems Administrator with strong knowledge and experience in world class IT service delivery. This employee will be a member of the Information Technology team and will support SpaceX personnel and proprietary systems. The ideal candidate will be flexible and flourish in a fast paced and challenging environment. They should be a self-starter, self-motivator and possess ingenuity to excel at this position.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Provide 1st and 2nd tier Linux support to SpaceX employees across proprietary systems.
Install and configure Linux-based computers and other common technologydevices for new and existing SpaceX employees.
Provide after-hours or weekend support when necessary to perform high-risk or planned downtime of SpaceX IT systems for upgrades and maintenance.
Write instructional documentation and convey highly technical ideas in non-technical terms.
Perform security hardening of systems using DISA STIGs and other best practice security guidelines.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate.
6 years of professional experience building, deploying and troubleshooting IT systems.
Experience supporting Linux systems and core Linux services.
DoD approved 8570 baseline certification (IAT Level II minimum). 
Active Top Secret or TSSCI security clearance.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Associate or bachelors degree in a technical field.
LPI, RHCSA, RHCE, or other technical certifications.
Experience with a scripting language (Bash, Python, etc.) to automate and solve reoccurring tasks.
Comfortable working with mission critical and sensitive systems, with a sense of urgency appropriate to the responsibilities.
Ability to address and resolve information technology issues promptly, effectively, and independently.
Motivated self-starter personality and ability to work independently.
Excellent written and verbal communications skills.
Experience with hardware (i.e. racking, troubleshooting, swapping components).
Active Top Secret or TSSCI with Polygraph.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Active Top Secret or TSSCI with Polygraph. Note that an active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions. If so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing.
Willing to work extended hours and weekends when needed.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              
Pay Range:         
IT Linux Systems Administrator Senior: 110,000.00 - 145,000.00per year                       
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.