SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SECURITY OFFICER 2
Security Officers are dedicated security professionals with a demonstrated ability to work independently and as a member of a team in a fast-paced high-tech environment. Security Officers work as a team, patrolling the companys properties via vehicle and foot andor ensuring security at a series of fixed locations in accordance with federal, state, and local laws as well as company regulations.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Serve as operator in the conduct of static guard posts
Support the execution of plans in support of SpaceX operations
Participate and assist in conducting advanced security training
Conduct research and analysis in support of SpaceX security missions
Provide mobile security support as directed by the operations center
Respond to emergency situations (firemedicalsuspicious personetc.)
Execute security support as dictated by SpaceX security leadership
Execute roving patrols of assigned locations

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
4 years of experience in the military, law enforcement, overseas security contracting, or advanced corporate security or 1 years on the SpaceX security team as a security officer 1

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree
Military deployment andor counterinsurgency experience
Aptitude for critical incident handling
CPRfirst aid for the professional rescuer or BLS for the healthcare provider
Computer based proficiency with Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook
Extensive team-oriented experience
Small unit leadership experience, demonstrated aptitude to lead a small unit, and shown ability to work as a team
An intense interest in protecting the future of spaceflight
Foreign language proficiency
Impeccable characterintegrity
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Ability to de-escalate disputes andor conflict(s)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Availability to work any schedule needed, to include; nights, overtime, weekends and rotating
Position is subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing
Ability and willingness to occasionally stand in a static position for extended periods
Able to wear approximately 20-30lbs of gear throughout a 12 hour shift
Willingness to travel up to 15 of time in support of SpaceX Security requirements should the need arise
Valid drivers license

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:       
Pay range:    Security Officer Level 2: 21.00hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.      
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.