SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
DATA SCIENTIST (STARLINK PRODUCT) 
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 2M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe
As a Data Scientist in the Starlink Product Hardware Reliability team, you will be responsible for developing the strategy, key metrics, tools, models, and processes for assessing the hardware health of the 2M Starlink Product devices worldwide. This individual will extract valuable insights from the Starlink Product fleet and work closely with technical and business teams to optimize field hardware reliability. As a data scientist servicing needs for the Starlink Product, you will bring in the latest and greatest machine learning technologies, and turn insights from hardware telemetry into actionable insights and autonomous applications. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Define the long-term vision for scaling up field monitoring processes as the fleet grows from 2M to greater than 10M
Develop and implement field monitoring systems and strategies to quickly detect fleet trends and failures as they arise
Combine statistical analysis, software, and field telemetry to draw correlations between production data, environmental factors, and field performance
Drive hardware, software and operational changes through root cause and analysis findings
Work closely with hardware, software and production teams to maximize reliability across all disciplines
Develop and validate models as predictors of field hardware health 
Perform technical and business analysis trades 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, physics, mathematics, or a STEM discipline 
Professional experience building solutions with Python and SQL
Professional experience with signal processing andor deep learning libraries (PyTorchTensorflow)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Professional experience in analytics, data science, or machine learning
Experience building predictive models and machine learning pipelines (clustering analysis, prediction, anomaly detection)  
Experience with developing and deploying tools used for data analysis, machine learning, and statistical modeling
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Demonstrated capability to parse technical subjects on a deep level
Demonstrated ability to jump into ill-defined problem spaces and drive positive outcomes  
Self-starter attitude, energy, and the ability to communicate effectively across business and technical disciplines  
Experience designing and utilizing relational database (SQL)
Background in linear algebra, statistics, and dynamical systems

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay Range:    
Level I: 120,000 - 145,000per year
Level II: 140,000 - 170,000per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k)-retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.