SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
NDE ENGINEER 
The Non-Destructive Evaluation (NDE) Engineer position at SpaceX sits within the NDE Engineering organization reporting to the NDE Development Manager. You will be required to interface across multiple business groups to develop and support state-of-the-art inspection solutions and advanced data analysis to deliver manufacturing process improvements to ensure flight reliability of the vehicle.  
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Design, prototype, and implement non-destructive sensor systems to solve manufacturing quality problems
Prototype early sensor development and bench-top validation to reduce risk for new technologies
Distill sensor product requirements for part or process quality validation into constraints and actionable engineering systems and design
Define integration test plans for sensing hardware products or software features with integration milestones that align with the program timeline
Drive cross-functional sensor design and analysis discussions with electrical, software, manufacturing, and vehicle design teams
Develop data collection and analysis pipeline at all stages of the project
Code and develop algorithms to transform high volumes of complex inspection data into usable interpretations for decision making
Understand and debug hardware and software interactions during design, launch, and deployment
Use field data to improve design and performance of the sensor system
Be responsible for overall functional and performance readiness of the sensing system and its features at any point in the product life cycle
Be able to present riskperformance analysis and recommendations to cross-functional teams including executives
Manage priorities and support a host of projects simultaneously

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline, physics, or computer science
1 years of hands-on technical experience building and debugging systems involving software-controlled electrical or electromechanical devices
1 years of experience with data visualization or statistical analysis 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree or PhD in an engineering discipline
Knowledge of a variety of NDE techniques such as ultrasonic testing, eddy current testing, digital radiography testing, etc.
Knowledge of statistical modeling, machine learning, and mathematical optimization
Understanding of hardware and software development and validation process
Familiarity with JIRA or similar taskfeature tracking systems
Experience implementing signal processing andor image processing algorithms
Experience with SQL and data visualization tools (E.G. PowerBI, Plotly, etc.)
Experience with version control tools such as Git, SVN, or equivalents
Experience with embedded systems
Experience with sensor design and characterization
Proficient in Python, LabVIEW, and CC

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work flexible hours and occasional weekend support as needed 
Ability to work at elevated heights occasionally (scissor lifts and articulated boom lifts)
Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral
Ability to travel to vendors and other SpaceX sites as needed     

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:                          
Pay range:         
NDE EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearNDE EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year         
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.        
    ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.