SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today, SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
STARLINK PRODUCTION SUPERVISOR (SPACE LASERS)
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Coordinate and maintain production technicians schedules, production processes, safety, and area standards
Lead, coach, and mentor Starlink technicians, including bi-annual reviews and managing corrective or disciplinary actions
Drive continuous improvement, risk reduction, root-cause analysis, and investigations in your area
Collaborate with area leadership in order to prioritize work based on production schedule and organizational goals
Ensure product quality and conformance to specifications
Establish and analyze area metrics as it pertains to personnel development:

Development and implementation of efficiency improvement projects
Optimization of product flow through the factory
Identification and elimination of defects within the area value stream
Reduction of downtime for product and personnel


Review and provide constructive feedback concerning manufacturability
Independently perform hands-on assembly of satellite components and vehicle integration assembly when required

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree or 5 years of experience in a manufacturingtesting environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience in a leadership position
Track record of success delivering on challenging production goals in an unstable environment
Experience monitoring, tracking and continually improving total cost equation
Demonstrated ability to read, interpret controlled documentation and processes such as: cable harnesses, wiring diagrams, layout drawings, mechanical drawings, GDT, assembly procedures, work instructions, schematics, engineering drawings, and parts lists
Harness, electro-mechanical assembly and prototype development experience
Experience preferred in fast-paced production environment with flight quality hardware
Able to adapt to constant changing work assignments and fast-paced work environment
Proficient with computers, the ability to use MS Office, shop floor management software (ERP) and related programs

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines
Standing for long periods of time, climbing up and down ladders, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, and stretching may be required to perform the functions of this position
Able to lift up to 25lbs. unassisted

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Supervisor, Production: 105,000.00 - 135,000.00per year                                 
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.         
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.