SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars. BUILD ENGINEER (STARSHIP)Build Engineers on the Starship Engineering team work with design and drive tooling and automation, manufacturing, assembly, testing, and integration of the most powerful rocket ever built. Innovation, high production rate, and build precision are core principles in our endeavor to place humans on the surface of the Moon, Mars, and beyond. You can make it possible by partnering with designers and production teams to develop structures, tools, mechanisms, aerodynamic control surfaces, and thermal protection systems that can be manufactured at unprecedented rates and low cost. Apply your creative thinking and problem solving skills in a fast-paced development environment, eliminating critical production bottlenecks and accelerating the Starship program by being integral to one of the most challenging and exciting engineering projects in history. RESPONSIBILITIES: Develop production proceduresprocesses and manage the transition of parts and assemblies from development to production.Review CAD models to ensure designs are optimized and efficient.Design the factory and process to deliver state-of-the-art hardware for Starship and Super Heavy.Integrate subsystems into full vehicle assemblies.Design tools for manufacturing.Own high level project management.Develop and execute test procedures.Question assemblytest requirements, delete parts and manufacturing processes, simplifyoptimize production flow, accelerate production, and cut-in targeted automation.Implement linear production flow, visual indicators of bottlenecksstock-outs, and product-specific buildtest cells for low-intervention production.Partner with other teams to generate ideas, designs, and improvements for current and next-generation vehicles.BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelors degree in manufacturing engineering, operations engineering, mechanical engineering, aerospace engineering, or physics.1 years of hands on experience driving the design, development and manufacturing (internship, personal projects, and academic project team experience is applicable).PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Leadership or mentorship experience and the ability to effectively communicate and build strong relationships with all levels in the organization (technicians, engineers, exec team).Experience in buildtest development and on-time delivery of new hardware.Experience with manufacturing processes, including but not limited to fabrication, welding, machining, or assembly.Solid understanding and application of GDT.Analyticalscientific programming experience (i.e. Python, Matlab, Excel).ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: Available to work long hours and weekends as needed.25 travel to production and launch sites at Starbase and Cape Canaveral.Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral.COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:Pay range:Build EngineerLevel 1: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearBuild EngineerLevel 2: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per yearYour actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.ITAR REQUIREMENTS: To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here. SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 