SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
FLUIDS SPECIALIST (STARSHIP)
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Provide technician GSE support which involves building, installing, maintaining and troubleshooting pneumatic and hydraulic equipment such as valves, plumbing and components related to the Starship tower build
Maintain, troubleshoot, and repair equipment and instrumentation as needed
Read and interpret planning documents, schematics, specifications, drawings, manuals, blueprints and engineering sketches
Operate and maintain hardware, high-pressure systems, and other ancillary equipment including mechanical, pneumatic and hydraulic components
Fabricate and repair GSE hardware and equipment
Collaborate with design engineers to develop and document GSE activities
Ensure all materials are clean and inspected according to Clean for Oxygen Service Standards
Obtain and maintain licenses, operator permits or certifications as required
Follow all necessary regulations and appropriate SpaceX procedures including quality policies, safety policies, OSHA, EPA, NIOSH, NFPA, ASME, NEC, etc.
Develop novel ways site-wide to streamline processes and increase the reliability of production and testing operations
Perform a variety of related duties in support of integrated system installation and activation

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
3 years of experience with high-pressure, pneumatic, or hydraulic systems

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Associate degree
AP license
Experience in the aerospace industry, military or other high-reliability operating environment
Experience in ground support equipment in an aerospace industry
Mechanical aptitude and experience (work with machines and general tooling)
Formalized mechanical training, skilled in hand and power tool usage
Willingness to learnexperience troubleshooting and repairing instrumentation and low voltage wiring
A demonstrated experience where quick-thinking and problem solving plays a critical role
Knowledge of all types of borescope inspection equipment
Knowledge of different fittings such as NPT and AN
Ability to utilize power tools and hand tools as well as heavy equipment
Use of precision measuring instruments
Ability to read and understand mechanical and electrical schematics
Knowledge of hazardous systems  cryogenic, flammable, hypergolic, pyrophoric
Knowledge of high-pressure system design and handling

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

General physical fitness is required for some work areas, hardware typically is built in tight quarters and physical dexterity is required
Willing to travel to alternate work sites to support fabrication activities
Typically exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain
Willing to work extended hours and weekends, as needed
General physical fitness is required for some work areas, hardware typically is built in tight quarters and physical dexterity is required.
Ability to work at elevated heights.
Typically exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain.
Work performed in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise.
Typically 50-hour work weeks, schedule varies depending on site operational needs, flexibility required.
Overtime is frequently required for particular tasks or test series.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
Pay range: 
Fluids SpecialistsLevel 1: 28.00hour
Fluids SpecialistsLevel 2: 32.00hour
Fluids SpecialistsLevel 3: 36.00hour  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.