SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MANAGER, LAUNCH INFRASTRUCTURE (STARSHIP)
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Assemble and lead a multi-discipline team of engineers, technicians, consultants, and contractors throughout the full project lifecycle, including engineering, procurement, construction, and commissioning
Outcome owner for safety, cost, schedule, and quality of projects
Work with internal operations teams to define overall scope and specific requirements
Mentor team members with contract management and project management efforts
Accountable for budgeting, scheduling, and general project controls
Manage the design, development, and issuance of drawings, documentation, and reports
Write, negotiate, and manage construction contracts with subcontractors across multiple disciplines
Responsible for planning, coordinating and executing various construction projects
Resolve design and construction conflicts in the field
Report project status to project stakeholders

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
4 years of professional experience in mechanical, aerospace, civil, or electrical engineering
2 years of integrated project delivery experience, including design, procurement, and construction

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Previous SpaceX engineering, procurement, and construction experience
Demonstrated complete project ownership in a fieldhands-on type role
Advanced competency with project control tasks including critical path scheduling, cost estimation and contingencyrisk classification, and thorough cost analysis skills
Advanced knowledge of construction contracting and procurement means and methods

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Manager, Launch Infrastructure: 135,000.00 - 185,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 