SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
OPERATIONS SOFTWARE ENGINEER (STARLINK)
One of the most ambitious missions that SpaceX has undertaken to date, the Starlink network is our solution to providing reliable internet to the entire world. We are looking for a talented engineer to help design processes and systems for a factory that will output millions of user terminals (a SpaceX designed and manufactured product that consumers will have in their homes to access our network).
The success of Starlink depends on the quality, reliability, cost, manufacturability, throughput, and security of the products that we deliver. If you seek a fast-paced, dynamic environment; if you thrive on solving difficult problems where resolutions have high impact; and if you love the challenge of building something from scratch, then this role will be an ideal next career step.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Deploy, operate, upgrade, and scale a suite of automation used to directly monitor, alert, and operationalize the high-volume Starlink user terminal production lines
Support troubleshooting the performance of on-the-floor automation
Develop interdisciplinary software solutions and tools to optimize engineering time and eliminate redundancies
Take full ownership of application life cycles, including need-finding and continuous improvement by working closely with engineering and production teams
Deliver production-quality code against aggressive timelines

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or scientific discipline; OR 2 years of professional experience building software
Experience in full stack development 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE (should know two or more):

Programming experience in Python, C.NET, Java, or similar object-oriented language
1 years of rigorous experience building single page web applications
Expertise in designing software systems
Familiarity working in a high-volume manufacturing  production environment
Deep understanding of testing, continuous integration, build, deployment  monitoring
Expertise in profiling and improving application performance
Front-end experience in Angular, React, or similar JavaScript framework
Database experience with PostgreSQL, SQL Server, or similar database technologies

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work extended hours, some nights andor weekends when needed
Must be able to travel - up to 5-15 work week travel may be required to other SpaceX facilities

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:Software EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per yearSoftware EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.