SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.SECURITY SOFTWARE ENGINEER At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe.As a Security Software Engineer you will influence the security of software across our product lines. We are looking for people with a track record of shipping reliable software and who have a broad understanding of the security design of todays Internet, including the cryptographic primitives involved. You see the big picture, prioritize accordingly, and are comfortable with working at different levels of abstraction. Ideally, you have notable skills in one or more of the following:Software engineeringApplied cryptographyNetwork securityOperating system securitySecureAuthenticated bootIncident response and adversary detectionVulnerability researchBeing flexible, communicating clearly, and establishing and maintaining productive working relationships with other engineering teams are paramount to success. If you are passionate about building quality products, love the challenges of outsmarting adversaries, and want to make an impact on an inter-planetary scale, then you will fit right in.RESPONSIBILITIES:Design and build security infrastructure for Starlink, including cryptographic services and other security-critical servicesDevelop security features for Starlink systems, including our router, dish, gateways, and satellitesDesign security into factory processes and provide network services in support of thisMaintain existing production systems and improve security posture via both direct implementation and recommendations to other teamsBuild prototypes and help identify, design, and test security improvementsFurther our mission of providing secure and reliable Internet to underserved communitiesBASIC QUALIFICATIONS:Bachelors degree in computer science or another STEM discipline; OR 2 years of professional experience in security software development in lieu of a degreeExperience with one or more software development languages (i.e. Python, C, Golang)Experience designing and implementing security solutions for operating systems, distributed systems, or other enterpriselarge-scale infrastructurePREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:Experience contributing security improvements to complex systemsExperience working with special purpose security hardware such as Trusted Platform Modules (TPMs) and Hardware Security Modules (HSMs)Fundamental understanding of network protocols; including the TCPIP stack as well as UDP based protocolsExperienced in navigating large, complex, interactive systemsFlexibility, communicating clearly, and establishing and maintaining productive working relationships with other engineering teamsExcellent communication skills, both written and verbalAbility to work both independently and in a teamDemonstrated ability to deal with ambiguity and to learn new technologies quicklyAdvanced degree in a technical or engineering disciplineADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as neededCOMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: Pay Range:Security Software Engineer Level I: 130,000.00 - 150,000.00per yearSecurity Software Engineer Level II: 145,000.00 - 175,000.00per yearYour actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.ITAR REQUIREMENTS:To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.