SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. SOFTWARE ENGINEER, DATA (STARLINK)
At SpaceX, were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe.
As a Data Engineer, you will be responsible for developing the strategy, key metrics, tools, software services, and processes for assessing how well key aspects of Starlink are scaling and how effective the Starlink Network is itself, in serving millions of users around the globe. You will work with operators, subsystem responsible engineers, software engineers, and network engineers inside the Starlink organization as well as key contacts with various major external partners to help ensure the growth of this program.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Build and maintain mission-critical infrastructure, tools, processes, and custom software to objectively assess growth areas for the Starlink program
Automate the aggregation of metrics and detection of widespread application issues across Starlink
Establish and maintain a relationships with key third-party applicationcontent owners
Lead technical investigations about chronic application-level issues
Build ground-based software systems that ingest, transform, and store data
Apply data analytics, models, and techniques to data products created by space vehicles 
Create catalogs of data and tools that can be used by you and other teams to perform analytics 
Fuse data from multiple sources to create usable information 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, data science, physics, mathematics, or a STEM discipline and 5 years of professional experience in data engineering; OR 7 years of professional experience in data engineering in lieu of a degree
Professional experience building solutions with object-oriented software languages including C, Java, Python, or C 
Professional experience working with in-stream, big data processing and analytics using Apache Kafka, Spark, Flink, or similar 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Programming experience in Python, C, Java, Scala, Go or similar languages
Experience with relational and non-relational databases, data lakes e.g. HBase, Hive, Delta Lake, PostgreSQL, CockroachDB or similar
Experience with data exploration tools like Grafana, Jupyter Notebooks, Metabase, PowerBI or similar
Good understanding of version control, testing, continuous integration, build, deployment and monitoring
Experience building predictive models and machine learning pipelines (clustering analysis, prediction, anomaly detection)  
Ability to work effectively in a dynamic environment that includes working with changing needs and requirements
Ability to take on projects that require taking initiative and developing new expertise

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Software EngineerSenior: 160,000.00 - 220,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k)-retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 