SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
INVENTORY SPECIALIST (FALCON) - WEEKEND
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Receive, store and issue raw material, parts, details and hardware to support shop operations
Store parts and materials in bins, drawers, and racks, identifying part and stored location
Perform picking function to make up necessary kits of parts, material and hardware as required, ascertaining that all parts are available and accounted for in kit
Maintain strict material handling practices in accordance with procedures
Monitor shelf-life storage and maintain proper rotation of stock
Verify all material received for conformity with accompanying paperwork, checking for damage, correct part numbers, quantity and revisions
Issue material against approved paperwork such as affixing verification and traceability on required serialized parts before issuing
Validate lot trace
Perform cycle counts
Perform good housekeeping chores in area
Support the organizations metric goals and objectives
Abide by all procedures, desk instructions and standard operating documents

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
3 years of inventory control experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree
5 years of inventory control experience in a warehouse
ERP system experience (SAP, Oracle, etc.)
Excellent computer skills including Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook)
Experience and understanding of inventory and kitting processes
Experience operating a forklift and other related inventory equipment
Experience within the aerospace, automotive, semiconductor, or electronic fields

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Must be available for at least one of the following shifts:

2nd shift: Monday to Friday from 3 PM  1:30 AM
Weekend Day: Friday to Monday from 5 AM  5 PM or 9 AM or 9 PM


Must be able to lift up to 25 lbs unassisted
Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Must be willing to work in an open-aired environment, lacking temperature controls
Must be able to work overtime andor weekends when needed to meet critical deadline

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:    
Inventory SpecialistLevel 1: 20.00 - 23.00hour    Inventory SpecialistLevel 2: 22.50 - 27.00hour    Inventory SpecialistLevel 3: 25.00 - 30.00hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.    
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.