SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
STARSHIP QUALITY SOFTWARE ENGINEER
Our software team is part of the Starship Quality organization, which seeks to guide and implement the Starship programs quality standards as it matures from a research  development program to a world-class human space flight program.Our small, focused software team is responsible for aligning emerging and legacy ERP software and systems to enforce standards of safety and reliability in the Starship program. Scope includes, but is not limited to, developing software and data reporting solutions that drive implementation of improved quality processes throughout the build and launch of Starship vehicles. We work closely with Starship Build and Flight Reliability Engineers to create new systems and update old systems to meet our standards of quality.
Aerospace experience is not required to be successful here - rather we look for smart, motivated, respectful, collaborative engineers who love solving problems and want to make an impact on a super inspiring mission. You will have full ownership of challenging problems, working with a team of enthusiastic engineers with diverse perspectives to design and produce solutions that enable SpaceX to move towards our goals at a rapid pace. The success of the missions at SpaceX depend on the software that you and your team produce. We are looking for engineers who treat fellow teammates with fairness, respect, and support.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop highly reliable software solutions
Create new applications that improve how SpaceX operates, with a strong focus on Quality-related systemic controls
Build prototypes to prove out key design concepts and quantify technical constraints
Own all aspects of software engineering and product development
Deep dive into your users problems to find and create efficient solutions
Bring your voice to the table in team collaborations on architecture, design, and code reviews
Build reporting tools to drive outcomes within Starship Quality

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or scientific discipline; OR 2 years of professional experience building software in lieu of a degree
Experience in full stack development

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Programming experience in Python, C.NET, Go, Scala, Java, or similar object-oriented language
1 years of rigorous experience building single page web applications
Experience with version control, continuous integration, and continuous delivery concepts
Expertise in designing software systems
Deep understanding of testing, continuous integration, build, deployment  monitoring
Expertise in profiling and improving application performance
Experience with build systems (Make, BazelPantsBuck, Gradle) and package management tools (pip, npm)
Experience with UNIX-like operating systems and tools like Terraform, Ansible, Puppet for managing them
Experience working with in-stream data processing using Apache Kafka, RabbitMQ, ActiveMQ, or similar technologies
Production experience with Docker and Kubernetes
Front-end experience in Angular, React, or similar JavaScript framework
Database experience with PostgreSQL, SQL Server, or similar database technologies

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

You may be asked to work extended hoursweekends dependent on launch cadence

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: Pay Range:Software EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per yearSoftware EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:
To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the