SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
ELECTRICAL TEST AND RELIABILITY ENGINEER (STARLINK)
SpaceX is leveraging its experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact. As we continue to upgrade and expand the constellation, were looking for best-in-class engineers to join the team.
As an Electrical Test and Reliability Engineer on Starlink, youll sit at the intersection of electrical, mechanical, thermal analysis, software, and antenna engineering - ultimately ensuring that our satellite hardware can withstand the harsh environment of space and maintain communication with millions of users on a global scale. There are several sub-teams within the larger Starlink hardware engineering group at our Redmond facility, each with a different area of focus. These teams work with a wide range of technical disciplines including high-speed digital communication, network system integration, power systems integration, RF systems, avionics, network computers, power electronics, failure analysis, on-orbit reliability, and testing automation. Your placement on these teams will be determined throughout the interviewing process after factoring in technical fit, expertise, and your personal preference. Sub-teams include:

Satellite Payload  design and implementation of RF systems, high-speed digital communication, and high-density power conversion hardware to the host design
Satellite Bus and Avionics  design, development, and test of space-hardened avionics hardware
Gateways - design, build, and test electronics for the worlds largest network of ground stations, which function as an intermediary between the satellites and our end-users to ensure smooth data transfer and transmission
Hardware Test and Factory Automation  design validation and testing from initial concept development to full-scale production
Failure Analysis  root cause analysis of systemic production issues to drive design and process changes for improving product quality
On-Orbit Reliability  monitor and support health of satellite electronics while in orbit, leading anomaly investigations, and performing lab experiments to replicate findings in orbit
Enterprise  Government - best in class solutions for large scale operations including the aviation, maritime, and defense industries

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Design and develop automated test solutions for our avionics and payload hardware
Select commercial-off-the-shelf hardware andor design custom PCBAs to measure signals, apply flight-like loads, and power units under test
Write automation software in Python to interact with units under test, test equipment, instrumentation, field data, and production documentation systems
Get hands-on and support hardware through production, satellite integration, and flight
Work closely with engineers from adjacent disciplines (mechanical, thermal, software, test engineering, supply chain, silicon design, etc.) to deliver tightly integrated, high-performance hardware
Perform electrical bench testing and develop engineering models of failures to replicate and inform mitigation of anomalies
Drive continual improvements to our designs by building physical and digital tools to analyze data collected both on-orbit and in the lab
Challenge assumptions and work to find simple solutions to complex problems

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering or other engineering discipline
1 years of experience with hardware development or electronics test engineering (internships, research, and project team experience are applicable)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering, or similar engineering degree
Strong understanding of computers and programming languages (Python, CC)
Experience analyzing circuits and developing functional test plans
Experience designing and troubleshooting PCBAs
Experience with test equipment and measurement techniques to verify and validate product requirements (oscilloscope, multimeter, electronic load, spectrum analyzer, network analyzer, vector signal generator, source measurement unit, etc.)
Thorough understanding of electrical schematics and electronics manufacturing to analyze and improve test coverage
Thorough understanding of electronics reliability and failure mechanisms
Thorough understanding and experience in environmental testing such as HALTHASS, thermal, vibration and TVAC
Thorough understanding of metrology, sources of measurement error, and uncertainty analysis
Demonstrated ability to work in a highly cross-functional role

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work extended hours or weekends as needed for mission critical deadlines
Some roles may require working on an on-call basis on a weeklong rotational schedule (On-Orbit Reliability only)

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Electrical Test EngineerLevel I: 100,000.00 - 120,000.00per year    Electrical Test EngineerLevel II: 115,000.00 - 135,000.00per year      
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.