
SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SOFTWARE ENGINEER, FACTORY AUTOMATION (STARSHIELD)
Starshield leverages SpaceXs Starlink technology and launch capability to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads.
The Starshield Test Team develops test and manufacture processes for the most advanced spacecraft components in the world. Our engineers serve as software and hardware experts for the flight control devices and mechanisms that drive the critical capabilities on our satellites - from inertial control devices, to network hardware and more. We design software and build the systems that test the flight components for maximum performance and reliability in extreme environments, with mission success being imperative.
Testing is a fundamental quality check and last line of defense before our products are installed for flight. As a Software Engineer, you will have the unique opportunity to design and develop test software infrastructure that will validate the performance of these components in a cross-disciplinary environment. You will be expected to create new test systems and infrastructure from the ground up including hardware, software, and the interface between the two.
We are looking for people who excel at solving complex problems, maintain a high sense of urgency in their work, and contribute as a team player to build new capabilities and innovate in our testing approach.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop modular, reusable test and automation software in Python and similar languages for manufacturing and engineering design verification
Write automation software to interact with flight hardware, test equipment, instrumentation, and production documentation systems
Develop custom automation solutions to engineering and manufacturing challenges using a combination of embedded electronics and innovative hardware
Develop algorithms to analyze complex test data to determine if components have met acceptance criteria
Maintain and troubleshoot existing automation infrastructure and work with partner teams to determine and correct root cause of failures
Define and implement project plans, manage milestones and hold reviews to assure reliable test systems are delivered to production

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or STEM discipline; OR 2 years of professional experience in software development in lieu of a degree
Development experience in C, C, or Python; or full stack software development experience 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Extensive knowledge of Linux and Windows operating systems
Experience with configuration management and version control software
Experience with continuous integration and agile development
Experience automating processes and testing to improve manufacturing yields and reduce production time
Experience developing application, test, or automation software in an interdisciplinary environment
Experience with control feedback loop design and implementation
Experience with numerical analysis techniques and signal processing in multiple domains
Extensive knowledge with a range of digital and analog interfaces including GPIB, USB, VISA, TCPIP, VLAN, CAN bus, SPI, I2C, Modbus, analog-to-digital conversion
Experience troubleshooting interactions between software and hardware such as network devices and lab instrumentation
Experience with spacecraft fluid systems
Experience with high power electrical systems
Experience with electro-mechanical systems
Experience with embedded hardware product development

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed
Note that an active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions; if so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay Range:    Software EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    Software EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
