SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
AVIONICS SYSTEMS ENGINEER (FALCON)
As a systems engineer in Falcon avionics, you will have the unique opportunity to be part of a cross functional team of engineers that bridge the gap between vehicle analysis, design, and production extending through vehicle operations. Youll be part of a team that owns a wide scope, combining mechanical, electrical and software engineering practices to enable an unprecedented launch rate while maintaining a high reliability to ensure mission success.
Your creativity and relentless commitment to quality will be expected to analyze systems designs, define new processes, develop system validation techniques and introduce new designs in order to improve vehicle performance, bring down cost and sustain an aggressive launch rate for the leading launch vehicle in the world. You will also put your engineering knowledge to the test by performing real-time troubleshooting on the vehicle as it goes from the integration phase through launch operations. Our fundamental goal is to allow humanity to explore the stars; with it comes extreme responsibility to ensure the safety of the crew and payload.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Represent the Falcon avionics system throughout all stages of integration, from production and test all the way through launch and refurbishment
Troubleshoot issues on prototype and production assemblies on an aggressive production schedule
Work collaboratively with other teams and customers to define the scope of development projects and initial product requirements as new designs move from concept, through prototype, and into production
Develop tools and processes to support an unprecedented launch rate
Perform design and manufacturing assessments of new designs and drive optimization for manufacturability, quality, and cost
Be the lead on system projects including creation, maintenance, and communication of development schedules with sufficient detail to ensure that all assigned personnel are aware of theirs tasks and deadlines as well as identify internal and external resources required to support the project
Develop, execute, and document the avionics system verification on flight and flight-representative hardware at the system-level and validate the as-built vehicle is go for launch

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering field, science or math
1 years of experience using software tools such as Matlab, C or Python
2 years of experience with electrical component design, system level integration of electronic components or system level testing

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Software fluency, enabling automation of test or analysis tasks and manipulation of large data sets
Experience with wire harnesses and associated sub-components
Experience with 3D CAD software
Experience installing and troubleshooting various electronic sensors and components.
Competence with electrical test equipment (multimeters, oscilloscopes, power supplies, etc.)
Creative problem solver that can bring multiple disciplines together with the ability to assess risk and make design and development decisions without all available data
Self-motivated with strong multi-tasking, organizational, communication and documentation skills
Strong sense of accountability and integrity with excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work in a fast paced, autonomously driven, and demanding atmosphere

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Extended hours and weekend work may be required to support critical project and mission milestones
Minimal travel will be required

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:
Pay Range: 
Avionics Systems EngineerLevel I: 100,000.00 - 120,000.00per year
Avionics Systems EngineerLevel II: 115,000.00 - 135,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.