SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
RELIABILITY TECHNICIAN (STARLINK)
Starlink is SpaceXs ambitious goal to bring high quality internet to the globe by building a constellation of thousands of satellites in low earth orbit (LEO) using our Falcon 9 reusable rockets. We are developing millions of devices for end users to link our customers to our satellites. As a Reliability Technician on the Starlink Aviation team, you will be responsible for ensuring reliability and quality of the product through manufacturing, test, and aircraft installation.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Communicate and resolve quality related issues as they relate to the Starlink product department
Document production non-conformances in accordance with prescribed procedures and processes as required
Support quality management system policies and procedure documentation
Support root cause investigations on Starlink products
Assess production compliance to company and industry standards

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of experience working in a production, mechanical, or manufacturing environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years of quality experience in a manufacturing environment
Degree in a technical or engineering field
Experience working with root causecorrective action systems
Self-motivated, proactive, and capable of managing priorities and tasks as delegated
Practical experience working within quality management systems (ISO 9001)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work overtime and weekends as needed
Must be available to work the following shifts: Monday to Friday, 1st shift (6am - 4:30pm) or 2nd shift (1pm - 11pm)

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              
Pay range:          Level 1: 20.00 - 24.50hour        Level 2: 23.00 - 29.00hour        Level 3: 27.00 - 35.00hour        
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.