SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TOOLING ENGINEER (RAPTOR)
As a member of the Raptor Tooling team, you will work with a team of elite engineers across multiple disciplines to design, build, and activate critical production assets required to deliver the next generation Raptor engine. This position is based at our production facility in Hawthorne, CA, but will involve work on designs that are implemented across all of SpaceXs sites supporting the Raptor program.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Own the design, development, and implementation of custom production equipment for the Raptor engine with a focus in automated production equipment and mechanical structures
Collaborate with production personnel, multidisciplinary engineering teams, and management to advance the production facility as required to meet rate, development and quality targets
Solve complex, open-ended problems with an emphasis on speed of execution and efficiency
Balance simultaneous projects of varying scope and complexity in a fast-paced environment
Set and maintain schedules and budgets for designs, getting buy-in from end users and management

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering or STEM discipline
1 years experience in the design andor commissioning of mechanical engineering projects (student project team and internship experience qualifies)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in mechanical or mechatronic engineering
Prior experience applying common manufacturing processes (such as welding, machining, assembly, laser tracking, and inspection)
Experience with CAD software design package (e.g. NX, CATIA, or ProE) and PLMPDM software (e.g. Teamcenter)
Experience with custom machine design; electromechanical systems, motors, actuators, linear rails, bearings, liftingrigging, etc.
Process integration and electromechanicalmechatronic systems experience
Experience in a variety of robotic weld applications (Kuka, ABB  Fanuc)
Experience with manufacturing process development, facilityline layouts and common inspection methods
Experience with production tooling or product design in either prototype or high-volume environments
Experience performing structural analysis in FEMAP, NASTRAN, ANSYS or NX Advance Simulation
Experience designing mechanisms, welded structures and mass efficient structures
Strong understanding and application of drafting standards and GDT (ASME Y14.5) in creating drawings
Ability to work well in an integrated collaborative team environment including daily interactions with technicians, engineers, and managers

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Travel to other SpaceX locations as necessary
Work schedule may vary depending on site operational needs, and flexibility is required
Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:
Mechanical EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Mechanical EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  


SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000
 