SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
STARLINK GATEWAY TECHNICIAN
One of the most ambitious missions that SpaceX has undertaken to date, the Starlink satellite constellation, is our solution to providing reliable internet to the entire world. We are looking for talented technicians to help full-scale production of the Starlink satellites. The success of Starlink depends on the quality, reliability, cost, manufacturability, throughput, and security of the products that you deliver. If you seek a fast-paced, dynamic environment; if you thrive on solving difficult problems where resolutions have high impact; and if you love the challenge of building something from scratch, then this role will be an ideal next career step.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Build small electrical sub-assemblies
Mechanicalelectrical assembly of gateway components, subassemblies, and integration of final vehicle assemblies
Mechanicalelectrical assembly of PCB assemblies into product chassis
Build-up battery cell modules
Build solar modules and solar arrays
Wire harnessing
Solder and desolder through-hole and SMT components
Support conformal coat, masking, epoxy application and coating
Run functional testing of built hardware, including setup, instrumentation, test execution, and teardown
Operate complex automated equipment, including troubleshooting and maintenance
Support the development of prototype test capabilities for spacecraft component development and life tests
Assist in the identification, installation and implementation of test equipment, instrumentation and data acquisition systems
Ensure lab equipment is maintained and calibrated, track calibration schedules
Responsible for some preventative maintenance activities on test equipment and data acquisition systems
Identify test equipment requirements for planned tests, maintain test consumables inventory, and develop test procedures and processes accordingly
Perform test setups as needed to support developments across several test regimes - thermal, shock, thermal vacuum, vibration
Manage schedule priorities and independently executing work to meet company deliverables

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school degree or equivalency certificate
1 years of hands on work experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years of experience in electro-mechanical assembly, integration or mechanical assembly experience
Associate degree
Airframe and Powerplant (AP) license
Demonstrated ability to read, interpret and work from drawings, controlled documentation and processes such as: layout drawings, mechanical drawings, assembly procedureswork instructions; schematics, engineering drawings, and parts list
Able to proficiently use a PC, Microsoft Windows, and Microsoft Office suite
Excellent communication and organizational skills
Experience working in an electro-mechanical manufacturing company, a precision manufacturing company, or high-volume manufacturing company
Experience with electrical wiring
IPC andor J-STD certification
Electro-mechanical assembly and prototype development experience
Experience setting up and running tests and experiments
Soldering experience

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing to work all shifts, overtime and weekends as needed. Estimated shift times 1st shift: 5 AM - 3:30 PM; 2nd shift: 3:30 PM - 2 AM
Standing for long periods of time, climbing up and down ladders, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, and stretching may be required to perform the functions of this position
Able to lift up to 25lbs. unassisted

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 
Pay range:    Starlink Production TechnicianLevel 1: 22.00 - 26.50hour    Starlink Production TechnicianLevel 2: 25.00 - 31.00hour    Starlink Production TechnicianLevel 3: 29.00 - 37.00hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.