SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars. DEVELOPMENT TEST ENGINEER (STARSHIP STRUCTURAL TEST) RESPONSIBILITIES: This position is a test engineer for the Starship Structural Test team. The team develops, design, builds, and executes large system-level static and dynamic structural tests. The test engineer role is highly multidisciplinary; the individual may be expected to: Working with vehicle engineers, develop and execute static and dynamic system level structural tests from conception. Including test article and test stand configuration, boundary conditions, fluid, electrical, and software schematics, and concept of operations.Design, modify, and build mechanical systems. Systems include small lugs and brackets through large structural weldments.Design, modify, build, and troubleshoot fluid systems. Systems include low to high pressure gaseous working fluids, rocket propellants (including cryogenic propellants), and hydraulic load control systems.Design, modify, build, and troubleshoot data acquisition and control systems, wiring, and instrumentation. DAQ systems are primarily NI based and instruments include strain gages, pressure transducers, deflection gages, load cells, thermocouples, and RTDs.Develop and maintain test procedures, sequences, scripts, configuration files, and software.Operate the test stand from test assembly and activation through test execution with a small team of engineers and technicians. Provide daily direction and instruction to technicians to integrate test articles and hardware (install instrumentation and wiring, assemble small and large mechanical components, repair metallic structures, pressurize and functional check of pressure systems, lift and transport large structures).Review data manually or using automatic scripts. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelors degree in mechanical engineering, aerospace engineering, electrical engineering or other engineering field1 years of experience with testing, mechanical or data acquisition and control system design (internships and college competition team count) PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Strong technical skills in one or more of the following areas: mechanical or structural design, data acquisition and instrumentation, programming, fluid and hydraulic design or operation, structural testingDemonstrated ability to learn new skills or adapt to new situations. Unphased by challenges that go beyond the traditional comfort zone or experience. Multidisciplinary approach to problem solvingExperience in project ownership under technical and schedule pressure and where the scope and definition were limitedExperience testing and operating with or around hazardous systems (high pressure, high energy, hazardous gases and fluids, etc.)Experience working on projects that involve the integration of electrical, mechanical, and software systems (launch vehicle andor spacecraft experience is not required) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: Flight hardware typically is built in tight quarters and physical dexterity is requiredAbility to work at elevated heights occasionally (scissor lifts and articulating boom lifts) Typically exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain Ability to perform job duties that require standing, kneeling, crouching, twisting upper body, working in cramped positions in small openings and climbing hand over hand Work performed in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise Schedule varies depending on site operational needs; flexibility requiredCOMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  Pay range: Development Test EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearDevelopment Test EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per yearYour actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.ITAR REQUIREMENTS: To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.   SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.   