SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
STARSHIP ENGINEER, CIVILSTRUCTURALLAND DEVELOPMENT
Our elite Starbase team is working on the toughest and most audacious project on our planet; making humanity multiplanetary. This challenge isnt for everyone  the working conditions can be hard on a desolate beach at the southernmost tip of the state  but hardcore projects require hardcore people. If you are a high performing engineer, want to immerse yourself in never-before-solved challenges, and are excited to put in the effort to make this goal a reality, we want to hear from you.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 
As a member of the team you can expect:

A dynamic role doing what youre best at. Our team is building high performance flight hardware, a high-volume rocket production line, and a launch system that can rapidly and reliably launch and land our rockets. Whatever your skill set, youll be aligned to the part of the program youre most effectively able to contribute to
A tremendously immersive, fast-paced environment. Youll be expected to own large business outcomes and experience a rate of personal and professional growth that is unmatched literally anywhere else
A flat organization with direct daily access to the most senior leaders in the field that will accelerate both your immediate learning and long-term career trajectory. The future leaders of the space industry and SpaceX will be forged at Starbase
The unique opportunity to witness an impossible idea manifest in real life. The next few years will be incredibly dynamic as we transition from the challenge of building hardware to actually flying reusable rockets to orbit
An unparalleled sense of accomplishment if we succeed. Excitement guaranteed - whether or not these rockets work, they will certainly put on the show of a lifetime

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical engineering, civil engineering, structural engineering, or other engineering discipline
1 years of engineering, project management, construction management, facilities management, mechanical or civil or structural engineering via project team, research, internship, andor professional experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Strong ability to use data and analysis to make fast data-driven decisions.
Professional Engineering (PE) or Structural Engineering (SE) license
Knowledge of American Institute of Steel Construction (AISC) steel manual, American Concrete Institute (ACI) code 318, American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) 7, and International Building Codes (IBC)
Experience creating structural detail drawings in AutoCAD, Revit, NX, Solidworks or similar drafting programs
Knowledge of ETABS, SAP2000, S-Concrete, ANSYS, FEMAP or similar analysis design programs
Ability to perform trade studies and make clear recommendations using first principles and engineering fundamentals even with partial information. Strong understanding of engineering fundamentals
Experience working at a nimble engineering organization or in a highly technical position that required a scrappy, entrepreneurial manner to accomplish tasks with tight time or budget constraints
Excelled in ultra-competitive environments. Youve nailed a podium finish in engineering, math, or science competitions, achieved scores in the top percentile of scholastic or standardized tests, or demonstrated other incredible feats of intellectual achievement
Experience building hardware or have a passion for contributing to a work product that operates in the real world
Succeeded in multiple endeavors at once. Maybe you worked through college, were a student athlete, or demonstrated strong work or academic performance in multiple fields
Demonstrated rapid growth. Youve held successive positions of increasing responsibility within an organization, were able to get yourself up to speed at a heroic pace, and accomplished something meaningfully difficult early in your career
Youve demonstrated resilience and the ability to overcome failure or extreme odds. Many critics would say that our goals are impossible but this isnt the first time weve proven that highly improbable goals like reusable rockets can become possible
Success in academics at a rigorous and highly regarded university: minimum GPA 3.54.0 or higher, standardized test scores minimum 95th percentile, merit-based scholarship recipient

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work extended hours and weekends as necessary

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          CivilStructuralLand Development EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearCivilStructuralLand Development EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.                     
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.