SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN
We are looking for a self-sufficient independent all-round technician, performing preventive maintenance and troubleshooting on various equipment. A systematic problem solver that understands a high-volume manufacturing environment and keeps the equipment running in optimal condition while collaborating with internal and external customers. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Maintain and repair all critical assets to ensure their proper operating condition
Provide maintenance on various equipment such as ovens, furnaces, vacuum systems, composite ply cutting machines, epoxy dispensing machines, environmental test chambers, tube-bending equipment, etc.
Ability to troubleshoot mechanical, electrical, and HVAC systems down to the component level
Read and utilize schematics (mechanical electricalpneumatichydraulic)
Perform other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate 
3 years of experience in a manufacturing or production environment
3 years of experience with repairing mechanical, electrical, pneumatic, or hydraulic systems 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Maintenance experience with Thermotron, Envirotronic, Mycronic, Unholtz-Dickie, and Acutronic equipment
Maintenance experience with various welding equipment (robotic, electron beam, friction, etc.)
Maintenance experience on gas and electric ovens, vacuum systems, environmental thermal testing, and ply cutting equipment
5 years of experience as a maintenance technician or field service engineer
Experience operating a forklift and other related inventory equipment
Ability to use power tools and hand tools as well as heavy equipment
Ability to read and interpret electrical, hydraulic and pneumatic schematics and drawings
Ability to write detailed repair reports (advanced MS Office skills)
Ability to maintain a safe and clean working environment while adhering to company policies, quality policies, and industry standards
Detail oriented, organized, and able to demonstrate a high sense of urgency
Familiar with Lean or Six Sigma tools like Five Whys Methodology
Analytic thinker that gets to the root of the problem and comes up with permanent solution to remedy the issue
Ability to navigate, utilize, and close out work orders 

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime and weekends as needed
Ability to lift 25 lbs. unassisted
Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Equipment Maintenance TechnicianLevel 1: 23.00 - 31.00hour    Equipment Maintenance TechnicianLevel 2: 28.00 - 37.00hour    Equipment Maintenance TechnicianLevel 3: 33.00 - 43.00hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.