SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MANUFACTURING ENGINEER (F9 INSPECTION)
The Falcon 9 Quality Assurance team is looking for a manufacturing engineer to lead the continuous improvement of our inspection processes. This role will have a broad scope with exposure to all areas of F9 production, including subassemblies, structures, Merlin integration, and stage integration.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Propose and implement changes to inspection processes that reduce processing time without sacrificing quality or reliability
Develop, qualify, and refine new inspection tools that meet all design and business requirements including safety, quality, cost, and delivery
Introduce and improve automation techniques that minimize manual processing time and reduce the possibility for human error
Drive inspection efficiency by identifying high-variance processes and standardizing or simplifying the inspection approach and acceptance criteria
Collaborate with inspectors, other engineers, and subject matter experts to solve large-scale production challenges caused by inspection bottlenecks
Perform process capability analysis and develop sampling plans

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering or STEM field
1 year of engineering experience in a manufacturing environment (internships and projects may be included)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in mechanical, aerospace, or industrial engineering
Ability to read and interpret design drawings and CAD models
Experience with precision measurement and visual inspection techniques of metallic and structural components
Experience with manufacturing methods for the fabrication, assembly, or integration of complex mechanical assemblies
Experience with performing data analysis and knowledge of programming languages such as SQL, R, or Python
Experience with applying gage RR and statistical process control
Strong computer and analytical skills including proficiency in spreadsheets, databases, shop floor management software (ERPMRP) and related programs
Experience with tool design (3D computer-aided design) and rapid prototyping
Familiarity with quality tools such as Lean principles, design of experiments, root cause analysis and corrective action, metrology, process failure mode and effects analysis (PFMEA), and control plans
Comfortable working in a fast-paced and ever-changing environment with flight quality hardware
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong interpersonal and collaborative skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Manufacturing EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearManufacturing EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.