SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. SUPPLY CHAIN PLANNER (STARSHIP ELECTRONICS)
SpaceX is on a fast track to become the market leader in various product categories like US based human spaceflight, rapid vehicle reusability, internet services through the Starlink constellation and others exciting projects. The SpaceX Supply Chain Department is a critical player in our operations. To capitalize on SpaceXs technological and market changing successes, our Avionics team will be part of managing an agile and innovative, yet robust supply chain that enables a competitive advantage for the company. Avionics Supply Chain plays a key role in enabling SpaceX to meet these ambitious growth targets and greatly contribute in making us a multi-planetary species.
This is a high-profile, cross functional position that plays an integral role in enabling production flow and supporting launch manifest and key developmental goals for our Avionics products. Working in close coordination with engineering and manufacturing departments, supply chain planners execute effective, creative, and smart supply chain strategies to achieve production goals. The functions within the department include procurement, planning and fulfillment, supplier development and quality, logistics and inventory.
RESPONSIBILITIES:  

Develop, lead, and execute sourcing strategies with consideration and results for end-to-end supply chain excellence through technical collaboration, product introduction, cost modeling, logistics, manufacturing, quality control, orderingdelivery, integration, and reusability
Analyze risks (such as single sourced parts, rate volatility, spend, etc.) and develop  execute on mitigation plans
Build cross functional teams and champion continuous improvement initiatives to meet or exceed cost, quality, and delivery goals
Proactively update SpaceX management and engineering teams on all critical supply issues
Be an extreme owner for the success of NPI including through advanced material purchasing, DFM conversations  feedback, make vs. buy decisions, should cost modeling, etc.
Provide guidance to internal customers on design for manufacturability and trade analysis for electronic components, onboarding requirements, and quality
Issue purchase orders and ensure delivery to production plan
Resolve purchase order discrepancies and invoice issues
Manage vendor relationships and grow the supply base as needed in alignment with the broader team sourcing strategy
Prevent stockouts and, as issues arise, tackle them with a ferocious sense of urgency
Support supplier visits and assess for capability to meet cost, quality, and delivery goals
Ensure compliance with all company policies  procedures and government regulations

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Advanced degree; or bachelors degree and 2 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or 6 years of experience working in one or more of the following:

Engineering
Purchasing
Contract negotiation
Material or production planning
Operations or supply chain management
Material cost control
Master production scheduling



PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Knowledge of active, passive, and electro-mechanical components 
Strong understanding of the semiconductor market, trends, technology leaders, and current pricing trends in the market
Technical knowledge and skills in coding and computer applications, (e.g. MS Office Suite, VBA, Smartsheet, SQL, Confluence, JIRA, Power BI, etc.)
Self-motivated, quick learner, and ability to prioritize efforts to meet customer and company goals
Experience reading technical drawings, data sheets, fabrication drawing, BOMs and all related PCBA and harness files
Ability to develop and maintain strong internal and external supplier relationships in a fast-moving and ever-changing environment
Proven track record of taking ownership, successfully negotiating preferred pricing and driving results
Exceptional analytical, problem solving, and organizational skills
Effective written, verbal and presentation communication skills
Holds self to highest ethical standards, and conducts all activities with the highest of integrity

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to travel - up to 30 work week travel may be required, including international travel
Must be able to work extended hours andor weekends as needed to meet major milestones
This position is based in Hawthorne, CA and requires being onsite - remote work not considered

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:
Sr. Supply Chain Planner: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k)-retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.   

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.