SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
CARPENTER 
 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 


Layout, installation, repair, finishing, maintaining various structures, fixtures and buildings
Frame floors, walls, roofs, sheds, decks, fences, and other structures
Construct cabinets, hang doors and windows, installs siding, sheetrock, insulation, and trim
Keep tools, materials and equipment in working condition
Advise in the selection of building materials; requisitions building materials and supplies
Transport various heavy materials in vehicles
Coordinate with project managers and engineers in the planning of projects
Meet with contractors for informal bids
Perform administrative tasks including entering and retrieving data, making reports
Define hazards, overall design and structure quality
Instruct apprentice carpenters and non-skilled helpers on trades-based projects
Perform related duties as assigned


BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:


High school diploma or equivalency certificate
5 years of experience in commercial or residential carpentry


PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:


Hands-on experience in working with carpentry materials


Excellent understanding of carpentry techniques and methods of installation and construction


Proficient in using electrical and manual equipment and measurement tools (powered saws, hammers, rulers etc.)


Ability to read technical documents, blueprints and drawings


Willingness to follow safety guidelines at all times


Good understanding of basic math


ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:


Valid drivers license
Ability to lift, pushpull and carry up to 50 lbs. unassisted
Basic mechanical aptitude and ability to perform regular manual labor
Ability to climb ladders and work in confined spaces


COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:              
CarpenterLevel 1: 18.00hour          
CarpenterLevel 2: 20.50hour          
CarpenterLevel 3: 23.00hour
 
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.   


SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
 
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.