SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PROCESS TECHNICIAN, PLASTIC INJECTION MOLDING - OVERNIGHT SHIFT
Working directly in the materials engineering group, this position will primarily support manufacturing and development of SpaceXs Starlink product components alongside a strong group of mechanical and process engineers. The goal of the team is to develop new manufacturing methods and qualify processes to be introduced into production. As a plastic injection molding technician, you will be responsible for maintaining daily production uptime of fully automated injection molding machines, including all subsequent post-mold operations. This position also involves the proper documentation of process settings through setup sheets and maintenance of process books and their contents. Other tasks relevant to the process technician include overseeing analyses, participating in work instruction development projects, and training others as necessary. Work area will be on the manufacturing floor running plastic injection molding machines, fixing the machines, setting upcalibrating the machines, operating the machines, and documenting as required. This is a hands on production job that includes meeting goals for production, quality, inventory of both parts and raw material, and personnel aspects.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Install, commission and validate intelligent equipment to support injection molding applications
Participate in process development of the injection molding process through parameter optimization, DOE experiments, and trials that will lead to a robust process
Oversee operator instructions, critical parameters, checklists and training materials for all molding operations, update special equipment service manuals including BOMs, drawings, wiring schematics, recommended needed processes, technical expertise, and tooling for optimization of production runs
Work closely with product design engineering teams to define requirements
Diagnose equipment failures, collect data to identify root causes and develop sustainable solutions

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years plastic injection molding experience in a production environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

3 years plastic injection molding experience in a production environment
Strong skills in troubleshooting with scientific, Paulson or RJG processes
Comprehensive knowledge and thorough understanding of robotics and auxiliary equipment used with plastics Injection molding machines
Experience of multi-shot molding, automated color blending and central material drying system
3 years experience with highly automated injection molding cells
3 years molding experience with Engel brand machines
Experience in independently troubleshooting advanced electrical circuits, electronic systems, motors  starters, electrically operated equipment and making successful repairs and modifications
Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Office, and Word
Able to interpret geometrical tolerances on part drawings
Electrical wiring experience and some knowledge of how PLCs, sensors, and other electrical components are wired and work

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work from 5:00 PM - 5:00 AM
Ability to lift up to 25 Ibs. unassisted
Standingwalking for long periods of time
Ability to work overtime and weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:    Process TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour    Process TechnicianLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour    Process TechnicianLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.