SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SECURITY OFFICER 3
Security Officers are dedicated security professionals with a demonstrated ability to work independently and as a member of a team in a fast-paced high-tech environment. Security Officers work as a team, patrolling the companys properties via vehicle and foot andor ensuring security at a series of fixed locations in accordance with federal, state, and local laws as well as company regulations.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Maintain proficiencyawareness of static guard post duties
Plan and execute security support for SpaceX operations
Plan and conduct advanced security training for all security officers
Conduct advanced research and analysis in support of SpaceX security missions
Mentor other security members to identify and report suspicious behavior to the operations center
Maintain a professional appearance and demeanor
Execute security support as dictated by SpaceX security leadership
Execute roving patrols of assigned locations
Conduct and review risk assessments of critical SpaceX facilities
Provide mobile security support as directed by the operations center
Respond to emergency situations and provide on-scene leadership to others (firemedicalsuspicious personetc.)
Develop and refine emergency response protocols based on data and experience
Plan and coordinate domestic flight hardware transportation operations
Learn advanced skillsets (EMTinvestigationssurveillanceVIP escortsecurity hardware)
Function as liaison with law enforcement, community leaders and key stakeholders in space industry

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
8 years of experience in the military, law enforcement, overseas security contracting, or advanced corporate security realm or 1 years as a SpaceX Security Officer 2
1 year of executive protection, mobile asset protection, or emergency response team experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors or advanced degree
Military deployment andor counterinsurgency experience
History of critical incident handling experience
Combat Medic, EMT-B, or Paramedic related experience
Advanced medical emergency training (TCCCTECCCombat Lifesaver)
Documented small unit leadership experience
Impeccable characterintegrity
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Ability to de-escalate disputes andor conflict(s)
History of critical incident handling experience
Experience instructing security tacticsoperationsprocedures
Computer based proficiency with Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook
Extensive team-oriented experience
An intense interest in protecting the future of spaceflight
Foreign language proficiency

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Availability to work any schedule needed, to include: nights, weekends and rotating
Position is subject to pre-employment enhanced screening, including a background check, psychological test, bi-annual physical fitness test, and a drug and alcohol test
Position is subject to random drug and alcohol testing
Ability and willingness to occasionally stand in a static position for extended periods
Willingness to travel up to 15 of time in support of SpaceX Security requirements should the need arise
Valid drivers license
Possess or be eligible for a valid state security officer license
Eligible for a US Government security clearance  

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Security Officer Level 3: 26.00hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.           
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.