SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
CNC MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN
The CNC Machine Maintenance team provides mechanical, electrical and control support to production and development machining and fabrication teams at SpaceX. A large variety of machine configurations and OEMs are supported including 5 axis gantries, 5 axis mill turn applications, large vertical lathes, horizontal boring machines, spin forming lathes, water jets, press brakes, etc. The CNC Machine Maintenance Technicians are responsible for repair, preventative maintenance and modification of that machinery. The position will require collaboration and critical thinking to troubleshoot unique equipment issues and develop quick resolutions in a demanding environment.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Maintain and repair all assets to ensure their proper operating condition
Provide preventative and correct maintenance on various complex CNCs: 5 axis milling, mill turn applications, horizontal and vertical lathes
Schedule and execute on-time preventative maintenance plans for a variety of machine fleets across SpaceX production areas
Troubleshoot, and repair control and electrical system failures involving PLCs, HMIs, servomotors, servo amplifiers, inputoutput, and field sensors
Troubleshoot and repair various machine tool hydraulic and pneumatic systems including actuators, valves, pumps, and filters
Troubleshoot and repair machine tool mechanical systems including ballscrews, linear rails, guideways, and gearboxes
Drive forklifts and company vehicles
Perform other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years in an industrial discipline operating or repairing machines, equipment, or facility systems

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

3 years of maintenance technician experience
3 years of experience with hydraulic, pneumatic, mechanical, and electrical repair
3 years of experience with one or more of the following CNC control systems: Siemens 840D, Okuma, Fanuc, Heidenhain, Allen Bradley
Bachelors degree in a technical discipline
5 years of experience as a maintenance technician or field service engineer
Experience installing, aligning and commissioning 5 axis machines in aerospace environment
Experience adjusting CNC geometry components including  straightness, squareness, linear accuracy, servo tuning, tool center point control
Experience using Renishaw calibration systems including XL-80 Laser Interferometer and Ballbar
Experience in the application  operation of precision machine tools in aerospace manufacturing environment
Experience operating a forklift and other related inventory equipment
Ability to read and interpret electrical, hydraulic and pneumatic schematics and drawings
Ability to write detailed repair reports (advanced MS Office skills)
Ability to use power tools and hand tools as well as heavy equipment
Ability to maintain a safe and clean working environment while adhering to company policies, quality policies, and industry standards
Detail oriented, organized, and able to demonstrate a high sense of urgency
Analytic thinker that gets to the root of problems and comes up with permanent solutions to remedy issues
Self-motivated and able to work well with others

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available to work extended hours and weekends as needed
Capable of being forklift certified
Capable of lifting up to 30 lbs and working at heights

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    CNC Maintenance TechnicianLevel 1: 23.00 - 31.00hour    CNC Maintenance TechnicianLevel 2: 28.00 - 37.00hour    CNC Maintenance TechnicianLevel 3: 33.00 - 43.00hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.