SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
NDE LEVEL II INSPECTOR, PENETRANT INSPECTION (PT) - WEEKEND SHIFT
The NDE operations organization at SpaceX is an inclusive, inter-disciplinary team that is committed to providing high-quality inspections of flight components and production assemblies. The breadth of exposure as an NDE Inspector is immense, as the organization is responsible for a large diversity of inspection types across Falcon, Dragon, Starship, and Raptor programs. You will have the ability to engage with the process and provide continuous improvements on the mission to make humanity interplanetary.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Perform surface inspections with dye penetrant materials
Interpret and evaluate results on a range of different weldments, castings, forgings, and materials produced from different methods
Perform visual inspections
Communicate and report findings to production and engineering teams
Interpret and review engineering drawings as required
Support the development of NDE inspection techniques for complex geometries
Assist in training and developing others within the team

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
NDT Level II certification in line with ASNT TC-1A or NAS-410 or DOD guidance in Dye Penetrant (PT)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years of experience as a level II NDENDT inspector
NDT Level II certification in line with ASNT TC-1ANAS-410 guidance in Visual Testing (VT)
Operational experience in the use of a range of facilitiestools including manual application, dip tanks, electro static
Experience in the use of florescent materials such as method A and C
Knowledge of AMS, AWSASME, ASTM standards
Basic computer skills and familiarity with Microsoft applications including Word, PowerPoint, and Excel

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to lift 25lbs unassisted, bend, stretch, stand for extended periods of time, climb stairs, reach, twist, sit, and walk
Must be willing to work overtime to meet critical deadlines
Ability to work the weekend shift: Thursday- Sunday (4:00am-4:00pm OR 4:00pm-4:00am)

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:             
Pay range:         NDE Level II InspectorLevel 1: 23.00 - 31.00hourNDE Level II InspectorLevel 2: 28.00 - 38.00hourNDE Level II InspectorLevel 3: 33.00 - 44.75hour      
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  


SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.