SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TEST SPECIALIST (STARLINK)
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe.
The Starlink teams are building highly reliable in-space mesh networks, designing secure systems to guarantee access to space, designing next-gen communication and sensing software, and more. You will be responsible for systems that enable rapid development and accurate testing of Starlink software and hardware, with continual focus on design, development and building innovative test systems, from hardware designs to software infrastructure.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Build, update, repair and validate our hardware-in-the-loop (HITL, HIL) test equipment, wiring harnesses, servers and network racks.
Electrical, mechanical and software troubleshooting and test data review.
Maintain fleet of test satellites, gateways, user terminals and related test equipment.
Develop and document procedures for execution, maintenance, assembly, and anomaly handling.
Work closely with software and hardware engineers to deliver capable and reliable test systems.
Maintain an organized, clean and safe work environment.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate.
2 years of professional experience in a hands-on engineering technician or similar role, or a degree in an engineering, math or technical discipline.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Strong hands-on skillset and comfortable with basic tools and electro-mechanical tasks.
Creative approach to problem solving, exceptional troubleshooting skills and engineering fundamentals.
Strong understanding of technical documentation, engineering drawings, and schematics.
Experience working in or administering a Linux environment.
Developed and deployed software that has been used in real world projects (Python preferred).
Understanding of computer networking.
Experience with high-frequency radio components, links and wiring.
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment.
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, andor weekends as needed
Must be able to lift and carry up to 25 lbs.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 
Pay range:    Test Specialist (Starlink)Level 1: 32.00 - 40.00hour Test Specialist (Starlink)Level 2: 36.00 - 4500hour Test Specialist (Starlink)Level 3: 40.00 - 50.00hour 
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.