SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TURBOMACHINERY ENGINEER, TURBINE AERO-MECHANICAL (RAPTOR)
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Aerodynamic design of new turbopump turbine stages
Mechanical design and qualification of rotating and stationary turbine components
Analysis of experimental turbine performance data
Work closely with engine leads to optimize turbomachinery to make the best overall engine
Work with designers to prepare accurate and correct models and drawings for turbopump assembly and components, ensure that these drawings are correct and manufacturable with the available processes (or develop a process to enable them)
Interface with our world-class production team to ensure designs are successfully translated into flight hardware that is revolutionizing access to space
Support both component and assembly testing. Be involved with defining the test configuration, and the test processexecution and review the results to confirm
Lead the resolution of issues encountered with the turbopump during developmentqualification testing
Support ongoing design improvements to turbopump assemblies andor subsystems including manufacturing improvements to reduce the cost and lead time of components

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline, physics or mathematics
1 years of experience in the design of turbomachinery or other turbomachinery experience (internship experience qualifies)
1 years of experience with commercial analysis (structural and fluids) software

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Strong understanding of turbine aerodynamic and mechanical design
Masters degree or higher in aeronauticalastronautical, aerospace or mechanical engineering
5 years of experience in turbine aerodynamics position, completion of several aerodynamic designs, with at least one designed, manufactured, and tested
Familiarity with turbine structural design requirements and qualification methodology
Ability and desire to take on new responsibilities and challenges
Rocket turbomachinery experience
Deep understanding of aerodynamics, hydrodynamics, and thermodynamics of rotating machinery
Structural analysis experience including stress, modal tuning, and thermal
Professional experience using Siemens NX (Unigraphics)
Professional experience with commercial CFD tools: Fine Turbo, STAR-CCM, CFX
Professional experience with ANSYS FEA tools
Desire to trainmentor entry-level engineers and interns
Positive and productive attitude in the face of extreme challenges

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Turbomachinery EngineerLevel 1: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearTurbomachinery EngineerLevel 2: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 