SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PROPULSION TECHNICIAN (DRAGON SPACECRAFT)This role will report to the Dragon Fluids Org (Propellant Tanks division), and will be directly involved in the building and testing of components for the Dragon Spacecraft. In order to assist in our goal to provide NASA and the ISS community with reliable and reusable crew and cargo transport, candidates should possess a combination of solid mechanical knowledge, hands-on experience and the willingness and ability to learn. This is a dynamic position which requires an individual who is capable of flexing across a variety of operations in a given day, and can work autonomously to help meet aggressive build schedules. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Use precision calibrated tools  torque wrenches, micrometers and calipers
Performs work according to procedures, specifications and test instructions 
Read and interpret technical drawings, and follow detailed work instructions
Use various mechanical tools without instruction
Perform other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment
Operate cranes and heavy equipment
Operate high pressure test stands
Perform blending, filing and shearing of sheet metal piece parts

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of experience working in a production, mechanical, or manufacturing environment 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience working in an aerospace environment  
Welding andor metallic fabrication experience
Experience with high pressure systems
Strong mathematical, basic computer, problem solving and decision making skills, and strong written and verbal communication skills 
The ability to work independently or as part of a team, meet aggressive schedules
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment
Proficient with computers and the ability to use MS Office

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to lift at least 25 lbs unassisted
Must be able to stand for extended periods  8 hours min 
Must be able to stoop, bend, crawl, and being able to maneuver in tight spaces 
Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, and weekends as needed; Approximate shift start times: 1st shift (5 AM); 2nd shift (3 PM)

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          Propulsion TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour        Propulsion TechnicianLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour        Propulsion TechnicianLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour        
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 