SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.  
PRODUCTION COORDINATOR - TEMPORARY
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Monitor, track, and move parts as required through the company to ensure timely delivery to next production location
Pushpull physical movement of parts through receiving inspection, stock rooms, purchasing, production resources or any applicable work center within SpaceX
Promote workflow consistency and accuracy across the company while working to drive down internal logistics lead-time
Ensure parts are handled and protected properly and within SpaceX specifications
Coordinate off-site processing of parts to ensure on-time delivery
Work with the planning, procurement, engineering, and production teams to ensure our MRPERP data is and remains clean and accurate
Assist with resolution of incorrect system data which is driving inappropriate demand, schedules, or could result in general failure
Update and utilize metrics to drive results as applicable with production personnel
Work with production supervisors and managers to ensure all metrics-driven action requirements are completed
Develop and maintain reports to highlight needs, deliverables and constraints as required for internal and customer use
Assist production leadership and project teams with action item updates
Support logistics process through innovative staging of workflow
Support management of material certifications as required  prevent use of uncertified materials
Support production and inventory personnel with return to stock and inventory purge actions
Support purchase requisition creation for scheduled contract work
Organize and maintain the physical and electronic library for production related tooling and calibration database
Support projects or productivity development activities within assigned production cells
Support assigned production cells with work order management activities

POSITION DETAILS:
This is a temporary position with SpaceX, for the length of time as stated, and is subject to change with minimal notice as business needs dictate.

LENGTH OF POSITION: 3 months
LOCATION: Brownsville, TX
SHIFT: 1st shift (6:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m.); 2nd shift (6:00 p.m. - 6:00 a.m.)

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of experience supporting departmental administrative processes

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Strong computer skills, familiar with the full suite of MS Office products
Bachelors degree
Experience in organizing files and documents
Experience in aerospace, automotive, semiconductor, or electronic manufacturing environments
SQL and Tableau experience
APICS certification
Knowledge of MRPERP systems

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Ability to stand for extended periods  8 hours
Must be available for overtime, all shifts, and weekend work as the schedule varies depending on site operational needs; flexibility is required

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:
Pay range: 
Production CoordinatorLevel 1: 18.00hour
Production CoordinatorLevel 2: 20.50hour
Production CoordinatorLevel 3: 23.00hour  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for potential discretionary bonuses. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, and various other discounts and perks. You will also be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 