SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. APPLICATION SOFTWARE ENGINEER, DATA
The application software team is the central nervous system of SpaceX  we create mission critical applications that are used throughout SpaceX to accelerate launch vehicle production and flight as well as systems that allow Starlink to grow into a worldwide fast, reliable Internet service. Our missions support scientific research, classified national security space, and commercial opportunities. Software engineering and innovation is at the core of these programs.
Our team is currently creating and evolving systems to enable rapid build and reuse of Starship as well as designing the next generation manufacturing software that will be used in high throughput factories for Starlink. Other applications range from platforms that support concurrent streams of data from many always-on assets to manage the worlds largest satellite constellation to public facing systems where customers can join our Starlink network globally. We work closely with engineers throughout the company to create and update our systems with respect to crewed launches, Starship flights, changes to the Starlink network and much more.
Aerospace experience is not required to be successful here - rather we look for smart, motivated, collaborative engineers who love solving problems and want to make an impact on a super inspiring mission. You will have full ownership of challenging problems, working with a team of enthusiastic engineers to design and produce solutions that enable SpaceX to move towards our goals at a rapid pace. The success of the missions at SpaceX depends on the software that you and your team produce.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Develop highly reliable software solutions that are used across SpaceX
Create new applications that improve how the business at SpaceX operates
Collaborate with peers on architecture, design, and code reviews
Build prototypes to prove out key design concepts and quantify technical constraints
Own all aspects of software engineering and product development
Deep dive into your users problems, find efficient solutions

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or scientific discipline and 5 years of software development experience OR 7 years of professional experience building software
Experience in full stack development

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Programming experience in Python, C, Java, Scala, Go or similar languages
5 years of rigorous experience building single page web applications
Experience working with in-stream, big data processing and analytics using Apache Kafka, Spark, Flink, SQL or similar
Experience with relational and non-relational databases, data lakes e.g. HBase, Hive, Delta Lake, PostgreSQL, CockroachDB or similar
Experience with data exploration tools like Grafana, Jupyter Notebooks, Metabase, PowerBI or similar
Good understanding of version control, testing, continuous integration, build, deployment and monitoring
Some front-end experience in Angular, React, or similar JavaScript framework
Good understanding of statistics, machine learning algorithms and frameworks
Active Top Secret or TSSCI. Note that an active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions. If so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing to work extended hours and weekends when needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
 
Pay Range: 
Software EngineerSenior: 160,000.00 - 220,000.00per year
 
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.