SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
COUNSEL  LITIGATION 
The Litigation Counsel position offers a unique opportunity to represent the business in a variety of litigation matters, with a focus on labor and employment, both in the United States and internationally.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Manage all facets of litigation, with a focus on labor and employment disputes but with opportunities to expand your portfolio to include consumer, contractual, commercial, or other kinds of legal disputes
Conduct internal investigations; support discovery efforts; draft and review discovery requestsresponses, pleadings, and briefs; direct litigation strategy; and negotiate settlements
Identify legal risks and mitigate them by designing and implementing controls

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

JD from an accredited law school
4 years of experience as a practicing attorney
Experience litigating labor and employment disputes
Active bar membership in at least one U.S. state

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:


Professional experience working at a law firm, in-house, andor the Government
Judicial clerkship experience
Experience leading litigation of labor and employment matters, including in court, arbitration, and administrative proceedings (e.g., EEOC, NLRB)
First or second chair trial experience
Specialized knowledge of California labor and employment law (Texas, Florida, and Washington State also helpful)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Prior in-house experience or client relationships with high-growth companies
Demonstrated ability to work cross-functionally and build strong relationships with other business groups andor clients
Proven ability to work both collaboratively and independently in a fast-paced and constantly changing environment


ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to travel approximately 10 of the time

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:
Counsel, Litigation: 190,000.00 - 230,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.