SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SUPPLIER DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER, IC PACKAGE SUBSTRATE (STARLINK)
SpaceX is looking for a highly motivated and technical Supplier Development Engineer focusing on Integrated Circuit (IC) package substrates with excellent problem solving and communication skills. A successful Supplier Development Engineer (SDE) is technical, committed, organized, detail oriented, adept at driving actions and resolving conflicts while communicating with ease at all levels. The SDE should be a quality and reliability expert with a track record of improving the quality of electronics components during New Product Introduction (NPI) as well as maintaining it throughout the life cycle.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Work with the design, RD, commercial supply chain, hardware reliability, and production teams to manage various package substrate suppliers
Develop deep understanding of product, process, and testing to ensure world class products for our customers
Drive failure analysis and resolve process  quality issues in the product and manufacturing processes
Identify quality gaps among components, module, and system and drive them to closure
Review and approve package substrate fabrication technology, assembly processes, and quality control plans
Develop and manage internal and supplier-facing quality, reliability, and technical specifications and requirements for package substrates
Ensure suppliers are conforming to SpaceX quality specs and requirements
Ensure qualification and reliability activities at suppliers are in line with requirements
Drive and track substrate failure analysis internally and develop appropriate root cause and corrective action (RCCA) with suppliers
Work with SpaceX and supplier engineering to set standards for DPPM, Failure-In-Time (FIT), and Mean Time to Failure (MTTF) for substrates
Monitor, review, and present monthly performance data and metrics to stakeholders to enable data-driven decision making
Internal owner of suppliers statistical process control (SPC), production yield improvements, new tool qualification, and new process development to address production quality, efficiency, performance, and supplier quality escape prevention

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
1 years of experience in an engineering, supply chain, or quality role

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years of experience with package substrate fabrication and high-volume global manufacturing
5 of relevant experience with substrate process, test (functionalreliability), failure analysis, and product engineering
Strong quality background, including working knowledge of PPAP, APQP, FAI process, RCCACAPA and failure investigation, lean methods, etc.
Advanced degree in engineering
Electronics manufacturing experience, preferably with substratesICs andor PCBs for high-speed  RF applications
Experience with capacity modeling, process mapping, and fault analysis
Knowledge of electronics and electrical components, statistical techniques, DOE (Design of Experiments), SPC, quality systems, and basic ISO9000 framework
Advanced use of Excel and Minitab (or equivalent); basic proficiency with SQL and database structures
Ability to work in a fast-paced, cross-functional environment with minimal oversight
Ability to learn new skills on-the-job, both quickly and efficiently
Ability to identify and maintain priorities for tasks and projects while staying organized
Demonstrated ability to be agile, a quick thinker, self-motivated, and innovative
Strong communication and technical writing skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to work long hours and weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines
Ability to travel: Up to 25-60 travel required (domestic and international)
Valid drivers license

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  Pay range: Supplier Development EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearSupplier Development EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year  Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS: 

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.    

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.