SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. PCB DESIGNER (STARLINK)
SpaceX is leveraging its experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact. As we continue to upgrade and expand the constellation, were looking for best-in-class engineers to join the team.
As a Senior PCB Designer at SpaceX, youll be responsible for creating the layout for all our in-house board designs. Youre not just connecting the dots. Here youll partner closely with Hardware Development Engineers as they develop their schematics, providing your expertise and recommendations at each design review, and iterating your designs to come up with the best possible solutions. Youll contribute to a variety of design mixes from radio phased arrays to solar power converters and more.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Determine layer stackup, perform component package selection, component placement, routing feasibility studies, and signal routing of digital, analog, RF and power conversion of printed circuit boards (PCB)
Library creation and maintenance
Create and release documentation for fabrication of PCBs
Collaborate with internal teams and PCB vendors to continually improve design rules, constraints and design for test and manufacture guidelines
Utilize PCB design tools, maintain and evaluate new tools, and train team members to use tools 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering and 5 years of professional experience with PCB layout OR 7 years of professional experience with PCB layout in lieu of degree

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering or other technical or science discipline 
2 years of experience with PCB layout and routing in one or all of the following areas: modern passive and active electronics components, surface-mount, RF components, ball-grid array and similar fine pitch, or high pin density components 
1 years of experience with ECAD libraries and library configuration management
Demonstrated understanding of design for manufacturability, assembly, and test
Experience with Mentor Xpedition andor Altium Designer (Mentor Xpedition preferred)
Experience with layout of mixed analog and digital designs, high speed buses, FPGA, DRAM and CPU designs, power supplies, DC-DC converters, transmission lines, impedance-controlled traces and power traces
Experience with MIL-STD, commercial and IPC standards and design
Experience monitoring industry-wide parts 
Ability to visualize component placement and interconnectivity
Experience with scripting and automation
Excellent communication skills and ability to work effectively with others

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work extended hours or weekends as needed for mission critical deadlines

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
PCB DesignerSenior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.