SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
INDIRECT TAX ANALYST 
SpaceX is looking for an Indirect Tax Analyst with experience in U.S. indirect taxes to assist in all aspects of compliance, planning, and controversyaudit matters for sales  use tax, property taxes, and other indirect taxes. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Gather and manipulate data and coordinate with external service providers to prepare sales and use tax returns, and various property tax returns across all U.S. states
Resolve tax notices and similar matters
Perform tax technical research related to sales and use tax and other indirect tax matters
Assist with invoice sales tax reviews and use tax accrual reviews
Assist in validating data and proper calculation and collection of sales tax in all states in Thomson Reuters OneSource and AvaTax
Work with vendors and internal purchasing teams on sales and use tax matters, including claiming various exemptions or abatements
Document indirect tax issues and resolutions
Assist with indirect tax audits, refund claims and coordinate responses to various tax authorities
Prepare and maintain tax calendar for indirect tax licenses, filings, as well as assist in various administrative matters
Assist with general ledger account reconciliation
Validates and manages sales tax exemption certificates

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in accounting, tax or finance
1 years of work experience as an indirect tax professional in public accounting or at a multinational company
Experience with MS Excel and tax research tools

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Prior experience working for a Big 4 public accounting firm
CPA license
Experience with Checkpoint
Exceptional Microsoft Excel skills
Experience with general corporate tax compliance and consulting
Experience working with large datasets and various data analysis tools such as Alteryx and SQL
Detail oriented, organized, and efficient in work processes
Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

This position is based in Hawthorne, CA and requires being onsite - remote work not considered
Must be able to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:                 
Pay range:
Indirect Tax Analyst Level I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per year
Indirect Tax Analyst Level II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 