SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
INTEGRATION TECHNICIAN (DRAGON)
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Assemble, install, and test flight hardware.
Use precision calibrated tools  torque wrenches, micrometers and calipers.
Hands on operations with both large and small fragile assemblies.
Read and interpret technical drawings, and follow detailed work instructions.
Perform high pressure pneumatic testing.
Perform work according to procedures, specifications, and test instructions.
Use various mechanical tools without instruction.
Collaborate with production engineers and quality personal to develop and document activities.
Ensure all production services are performed on time, safely and in a professional manner.
Perform other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate.
1 years of experience in hardware assembly, test, maintenance, material handling, andor installation OR certificate from an accredited trade skills program in AP, manufacturing, andor electronics.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience in the aerospace industry, aviation, military or other high-reliability operating environment.
FAA Airframe and PowerPlant license.
Experience in fast-paced production environment with flight hardware.
Knowledge of pressure, temperature and flow measurement devices, mechanical and electrical systems, and propulsion engines.
Skill in operating and manipulating machinery and various hand and power tools requiring manual dexterity.
A demonstrated ability in readingunderstanding technical drawings, manuals and reports.
NASA-STD-8739.3 certification (currently or previously held).
NASA-STD-8739.4 certification (currently or previously held).
Ability to use precision measuring instruments.
Experience working in a cleanroom environment.
Ability to work effectively in a team environment.
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment.
Ability to effectively communicate (verbal and written) with engineering and production.
Proficient with computers and the ability to use MS Office.
Experience with forklifts, cranes and heavy equipment.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, andor weekends as needed. Approximate shift start times: 1st shift (5am), 2nd shift (3:30pm).
Must be able to lift at least 25 lbs. unassisted.
Must be able to climb ladders and be comfortable working in tight spaces.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          Integration TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour        Integration TechnicianLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour        Integration TechnicianLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour        
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.