SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MANUFACTURING ENGINEER (FALCON COMPONENTS) 
The Propulsion Components team develops the most advanced launch vehicle components in the world. Our engineers serve as hardware experts for the flow control devices and mechanisms that drive the critical capabilities on our Falcon vehicles - from engine throttling to attitude control. We design and build valves, regulators, and actuators for maximum reliability in extreme environments, with temperatures ranging from 900F to -400F and pressures beyond 5,000 psig. 
Propulsion Component engineers (manufacturing focused) take full ownership over their hardware: urgently troubleshooting issues at testlaunch sites, performing hands-on testing to inform development or root cause investigations, implementing design or test upgrades to improve reliability or reuse, and enabling high rate valve production. Falcon is approaching 20-flight reuse and its highest-ever launch rate in support of our Starlink satellite deployment. We are seeking hands-on engineers to tackle open-ended failure investigations, rapidly implement design and build upgrades, perform flight-like testing to ensure mission success, and deliver components at an industry-leading rate without sacrificing quality or capability. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Own the production, assembly and testing of propulsion, environmental and thermal control system components for our Falcon programs 
Create assembly and test work instructions, as well as design fixtures and tooling to enable high rate production 
Design, manufacture and maintain automated high pressure test equipment
Question existing requirements and lead creative changes to production process and hardware 
Collaborate and work closely with design engineers, build and test technicians, internal machine shops and external vendors to make parts that are designed for manufacturability
Resolve and analyze manufacturing and test discrepancies, while interfacing with the quality team (resolving issues for design, fabrication, and assembly)
Support component level testing such as proof and leak, fluid flow and functional checkouts 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

Bachelors degree in engineering discipline or physics 
1 years of experience manufacturing, building, testing, or troubleshooting hardware via professional work experience andor projectresearch-based student experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

1 years of research or professional experience in technical fields
Experience with developing production processes, factory optimization, or manufacturing and machining methods
Experience with instrumentation, data acquisition, and data review
Hands-on experience trouble-shooting, building and testing hardware
Understanding of fundamental principals in fluid systems and solid mechanics 

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg
Ability to travel to vendors and other SpaceX sites as needed 
Ability to work flexible hours and occasional weekend support as needed 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          Manufacturing EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year            Manufacturing EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.