SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PRINCIPAL RF SYSTEMS ENGINEER
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe.
Our Satellite Payload Engineering team develops the RF devices that power our satellites and ground antennas - from power amplifiers to waveguide components to reflectors to antennae. As a RF Systems Engineer, youll be responsible for simulating and modeling the terrestrial and orbital communication systems for Starlink and help define their architectures and specifications. Youll also support our certification efforts as a liaison with our regulatory teams and various governmental bodies and industry organizations.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Simulate and model communication systems
Work with system architects, RF engineers, antenna engineers, modemDSP, and ASIC engineers to partition functions between hardware and software domains
Assess the feasibility of various designs in support of architecture definition
Derive top level specifications for RF links and RF and antenna subsystems
Characterize and analyze system performance
Provide technical support to regulatory, coordination, and market access teams

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
Experience in MATLAB, Python, C or other tools for modeling and analyzing RF systems
10 years of research andor industry experience in RFmicrowave system specificationdesign

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree or PhD in an engineering discipline with emphasis in RFmicrowave circuits or electromagnetic theory
Experience modeling complicated communications systems for analysis
Thorough understanding of RF passive components
Thorough understanding of digital communication systems, spread spectrum, single and multi-carrier techniques, modulation types such as PSK, APSK, QAM
Thorough understanding of electromagnetic propagation and antenna systems
Knowledge of RF transceiver architectures and digital communication theory
Experience in RFmicrowave design in the Ku, Ka, V and E-band frequency range

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              
Pay range:
Principal RF Systems Engineer: 200,000.00 - 270,000.00per year         
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 