SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars
SUPPLY CHAIN RELIABILITY ENGINEER (FALCON)
The Supply Chain team is responsible for the sourcing, planning, procurement, warehousing, and transportation of all raw materials and components needed to build our revolutionary spacecraft and launch vehicles. Our mission is to get the right part in the right place at the right time, every time.
SpaceX demands a new type of supply chain. We require our suppliers to provide premium quality with rapidly evolving designs at increasingly ambitious volumes. We are actively looking for candidates who possess comprehensive knowledge of manufacturing and quality tools and have unrelenting motivation to enable supply chain for success.
To be successful, you will need:

A deep technical and practical knowledge of manufacturing processes and standards
An ability to lead projects, help develop strategy, drive cross-functional team accountability, and deliver results
A passion for continuous improvement and a patience to shepherd ideas from initial requirements through execution
A willingness to roll up your sleeves and step into unknown situations to understand the current state and most optimal path forward
Be a voice of reasoning for reliability and ensure that product reliability risks are taken into account within Supply Chain process
Build relationships with cross-functional groups to identify, prioritize, and close any reliability or process gaps
An ability to lead groups in creating and refining ideas or solutions to problems, communicating the benefits of change, and keeping related projects on track

RESPONSIBILITIES:

A deep technical and practical knowledge of manufacturing processes and standards
Interface with Production operations, Inspection, ShippingReceiving, and Engineering teams to develop appropriate quality signals and processes to meeting overall program reliability goals
Maintain established quality processes and necessary procedures to ensure the identification, segregation, control, and disposition of all nonconforming materials, parts, components, and subassemblies at the business and supplier level
Responsible for Containment actions associated with non-conforming product, including identification of product location, coordination with Build Reliability Engineers of potential Flight risk and the coordination of actions required to identify root cause analysis
Identify opportunities for risk reduction and removal of complexity in designs and processes to improve manufacturability, collaborating with integrated product teams to drive improvements and address high-impact and repeating non-conformances
Responsible for tracking yield, testinspection escapes, and ensuring past failures and lessons learned are incorporated into NPI

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering field
1 years of experience in quality systems, quality assurancecontrol, andor manufacturingproduction (school projects, clubs, or internships qualify)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in engineering or supply chain
Good written, oral, and presentation skills
Ability to operate autonomously and self-direct
SQL, software development  project management, process flow mapping, material planning systems, warehouse management systems
Ability to think big, align teams and organizations behind a goal, and execute with sustained results
Knowledge of quality tools such as Lean principles, Six Sigma, root cause analysis and corrective action, advanced product quality planning (APQP), metrology, process failure mode and effects analysis (PFMEA), control plans, and various problem-solving approaches
Experience with high volume manufacturing (i.e. small or large machined components, hardware, COTS, fittings, etc.)
Knowledge of supplier quality processes (production part approval process, advanced product quality planning, first article inspection reports, etc.)
Disciplined approach to problem solving - 8D
Knowledge of AS9100, ISO 9000 andor Nadcap AC7004

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Position requires extended hours and some nights and weekends when required
Ability to travel - up to 40 work week travel is required, valid drivers license mandatory  

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              
Pay range:          
Supply Chain Reliability EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year       Supply Chain Reliability EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.