SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. FALCON RESPONSIBLE ENGINEER
The Falcon team tackles space explorations toughest problems through the ongoing development of our reusable launch vehicles, Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy. These vehicles are currently responsible for delivering commercial, national security, and NASA satellites into orbit, as well as vital cargo and science payloads to the ISS. Soon to launch the first astronauts aboard American-made rockets since the retirement of the Space Shuttle, these vehicles will be instrumental in extending humanitys reach to the moon, Mars, and beyond.
As a Senior Falcon Engineer, you will have substantial vehicle-level project scope, spanning a variety of structures, fluid systems, and components that must withstand the harsh environment of space. You will work with other engineering groups to enact large-scale changes that align with company priorities, including reliability and extreme launch cadence. You will serve as a mentor and provide a focal point for enacting technical best practices. You have a proven track record of thorough, high-level analysis of sophisticated engineering systems, and employ a ground-up, fundamental physics approach to problem solving.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Full ownership of primary and secondary structures, mechanisms, andor fluid systems for our Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy launch vehicles
Serve as a technical lead for the overall development of design criteria, analysis tools, and software
Lead design reviews and hardware qualifications
Create test plans for partssystems through development, qualification and acceptance testing
Perform peer review of structural, vibration, and fluid system analysis
Serve as technical interface with suppliers and customers
Own the hardware delivery timeline and success through inception, design, assembly, launch and re-use

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
3 years of experience with progressively responsible structural or fluid systems engineering experience
3 years of experience with at least one CAD or one commercial FEA software package (NASTRAN, ABAQUS, ANSYS, CFD codes, etc.)
3 years of experience with hands-on hardware experience performing fabrication, assembly andor testing (can be in a professional, academic, entrepreneurial, or hobby setting).

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Masters degree in an engineering discipline
5 years of professional experience in complex, multi-disciplinary mechanical design and analysis
Experience with NXTeamcenter designing parts and assemblies
Experience with multiple FEA packages, including advanced analysis (nonlinear, dynamic, fluid-structure interaction, etc.)
Demonstrated ability to own hardware or systems within an integrated engineering team in a professional setting
Experience with fatigue andor fracture analysis, including usage of NASGRO
Analyticalscientific programming experience (Python, Matlab, Excel, etc.)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Able to work longer hours and weekends to support critical needs
Willingness to travel in support of hardware test and launch

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Responsible EngineerSenior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year            
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.