SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.SR. TEST ENGINEER, SPACECRAFT INTEGRATION (DRAGON MAINTENANCE)
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and manage test requirements and procedures for integrated testing of both Crew and Cargo Dragon flight hardware and subsystems during teardown, maintenance and pre-flight processing
Develop novel test solutions for Dragon subsystems
Be a Dragon vehicle controller and test conductor during Dragon integrated system tests
Evaluate flight vehicle requirements and work scope definition for capsule refurbishment campaigns, including evaluation of change, risk, and previous as built conditions
Manage projects driving change in how we test and process Dragon during production and refurbishment
Manage multiple electrical and mechanical facility improvement projects, prioritizing highest return on investment projects and how to effectively communicate those returns
Design and develop software tools to enable and optimize test operations and vehicle processing
Work with and improve unique SpaceX application software to develop automated solutions to test processing, requirements management, test campaign management, and data reviews
Lead collaboration projects with test and responsible engineers to resolve technical problems, integrate new processes and hardware, and continuously improve upon automated testing tools
Troubleshoot vehicle or test equipment failures to root cause and create resolution disposition and planning
Lead communication of test priorities, including personnel safety, vehicle safety, and schedule when coordinating with other teams
Provide technical guidance on and lead efforts with achieving long term department and program-wide goals
Be a mentor to junior engineers and a resident subject matter expert for the team

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in aerospace engineering, mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, computer engineering, or other engineering disciplinephysics
5 years of experience with hardware development, manufacturing, or test engineering

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in an engineering discipline
Experience developing object oriented software in Python
Demonstrated project or professional experience in launch vehicle andor spacecraft systems
Understanding and experience in environmental testing such as vibration, shock, thermal, burn-in, and TVAC
Experience working on spacecraft or launch vehicles
Experience working with high pressure and electrical systems
Experience in writing test plans and test procedures
Experience interacting with CAD software and large CAD models
Capable of solving complex problems with little to no supervision on schedule as an individual or as a member of an integrated team
Excellent communication skills both written and verbal

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Test EngineerSenior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.