SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today, SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
FACILITIES TECHNICIAN
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Perform routine building maintenance tasks including non-technical troubleshooting and repair of plumbing, electrical, HVAC andor carpentry requests
Conduct site-wide maintenance to our facilities including painting, patching walls, replacing ceilingflooring tiles and carpet
Perform inspections and repairs to assigned site interior and exterior areas to include walls, floors, installed fixtures, roofing systems, and lighting
Aid janitorial and hospitality staff with general requests for support including moving furniture, racks  equipment, disposing of garbage using forklifted dumpster bins, set-up and tear down of special event areas
Manage other campus-wide operations and maintenance programs as assigned by facilities management
Operate forklifts, scissor lifts, and boom lifts when needed
Open, track and resolve electronic work tickets on SpaceXs custom work order system
Adhere to proper safety guidelines at all times

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of facilities maintenance experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience in construction, project management, equipment maintenance, and tenant improvements
Experience with plumbing systems, backflows, lift stations, sewer machines and pumps
Experience with concrete, forming and pouring
Experience with engineering and construction principles, methods and codes
Experience with industrial compressed air systems and maintenance
Experience with carpentry maintenance tasks including routine sheetrockdrywall installation andor repair, window replacement, cabinetcountertop replacement, paintingtexturing (interior and exterior) and doorhardware installation
Ability to read instructions and blueprints
Experience with project management software, MS Excel, Word, or other project tracking software
Good written and verbal communication skills - MS Outlook and Teams
Ability to understand and follow specific instructions and procedures
Self-motivated, works well with others and autonomously
Safety training and use of fork lifts, scissor lifts, cranes  hoists, fall protection equipment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Able to lift 35 lbs. unassisted
Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Able to work at elevated heights (up to 300 feet), including the use of ladder
Ability to pass Air Force background check for Cape Canaveral

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Facilities Technician Level 1: 20.00 - 23.00hourFacilities Technician Level 2: 22.50 - 27.00hourFacilities Technician Level 3: 25.00 - 30.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.