SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
ELECTRICAL TEST ENGINEER, CONSUMER HARDWARE (STARLINK)
SpaceX is leveraging its experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact. As we continue to upgrade and expand the constellation, were looking for best-in-class engineers to join the team.
As a Starlink Electrical Test Engineer, youll have complete ownership over the development of test solutions for characterizing the reliability and performance of millions of customer-facing devices that we install on planes, ships, mobile vehicles and homes (Starlink dishesuser terminals, Wi-Fi routers, power supplies, etc.). You will be responsible for the design, implementation, and verification of development, production and reliability test solutions. You will interact regularly with senior leadership to influence the fundamental operation of our products while collaborating with electrical, silicon, software, mechanical, and manufacturing teams to steer this project from initial concept development to full scale production.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Design and develop automated test solutions for our high-volume consumer phased arrays, WiFi routers, power supplies and upcoming products
Select commercial-off-the-shelf hardware andor design custom PCBAs to measure signals, apply flight-like loads, and power units under test
Write automation software in Python to interact with units under test, test equipment, instrumentation, field data and production documentation systems
Work closely with and consistently provide feedback to responsible design engineers, manufacturing engineers, and test lab teams to drive design or infrastructure improvements to increase product reliability and yield
Challenge assumptions and work to find simple solutions to complex problems

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering or other engineering discipline
1 years of experience with hardware development or electronics test engineering (internships, research, and project team experience are applicable)
1 years of programming experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience analyzing circuits and developing functional test plans
Experience designing and troubleshooting PCBAs
Experience with test equipment and measurement techniques to verify and validate product requirements (oscilloscope, multimeter, electronic load, spectrum analyzer, network analyzer, vector signal generator, source measurement unit, etc)
Understanding of electrical schematics and electronics manufacturing to analyze and improve test coverage
Understanding of metrology, sources of measurement error, and uncertainty analysis
Experience developing object-oriented software
Thorough understanding of electronics reliability and failure mechanisms
Understanding and experience in environmental testing such as HALTHASS, thermal, vibration and TVAC
Strong understanding of computers and programming languages (Python, CC)
Demonstrated ability to work in a highly cross-functional role

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work extended hours or weekends as needed for mission critical deadlines

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Electrical Test EngineerLevel I: 100,000.00 - 120,000.00per year    Electrical Test EngineerLevel II: 115,000.00 - 135,000.00per year     
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.