SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
ANTENNA ENGINEER (STARSHIELD)
Starshield leverages SpaceXs Starlink technology and launch capability to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads. As an antenna engineer on the Starshield team, you will be working on advanced development programs in support of U.S. National Security. SpaceX is looking for antenna engineers with experience in small antenna design, phased array and reflector antenna systems, andor antenna test and design validation. You will work in a highly collaborative and fast-paced environment, where we are exploring unsolved problems and applying the SpaceX mindset of iterating rapidly to go from design and demo to operational capability at lightning pace.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Design of advanced antenna and feed systems in support of next generation products including phased array and reflector products
Fabricate and characterize prototypes of antennas, feed systems and RF front ends
Contribute to development of software and testing of digital beamforming systems to demonstrate full phased array functionality
Provide phased array expertise to set specifications and debug problems covering satellite phased array products
Lead or support integration of antennas to spacecraft and other systems
Analyze in-the-field operational RF performance data of units and investigate methods to improve performance and debug issues

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer engineering, electrical engineering
1 years of research or development experience in the areas of RF and antennas (internship and thesis work are acceptable)
1 years of experience using one of the 3D EM simulation tools such as CST, HFSS, FEKO, EMPro, TICRA, or XFDTD
Experience with basic RF concepts such as impedance matching, linear and aperture antennas, smith chart, power handling metrics (IIP2, IMD), microwave network analysis, or RF filter design

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree or PhD in electrical engineering with some researchthesis work on RF or antennas
Experience with RF systems including SIGINT, ELINT, radar, or communications
1 years of programming experience in Python, C, C, or MATLAB 
Experience designing RF systems including radio astronomy, SIGINT, ELINT, radar, or wireless communications
Familiar with antenna measurement techniques and tools such as anechoicreverb chambers, near field EM measurements
Familiar with one of the mainstream RF circuit simulation tools: AWR, ADS, Genesys
Familiar with antenna prototyping tools and techniques
Ability to work in a fast paced, autonomously driven, and demanding startup atmosphere
Excellent communication skills both written and verbal
Passion for advancing the commercial and National Security space industry
Ability and willingness to obtain a Top-Secret clearance

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

An active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions; if so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing
Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Antenna EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    Antenna EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.