SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MANAGER, CRANE OPERATIONS (STARSHIP)
The manager of crane operations plays a critical role in the day-to-day operations of the Starbase rocket development facility. It will be your job to lead all crane lifting and to ensure that SpaceXs goals and objectives are being met. Ensure that crew members and materials are hoisted and maneuvered in a safe and proficient manner by performing site surveys, task analysis, and critical lift calculations. Youll be responsible for handling, inspecting and maintaining cranes, rentals and tools. Itll be a challenge each and every day.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Lead the daily activities of your assigned area at the rocket development facility
Manage a team of crane operators and supervisors who specialize in heavy crane lifting
Learn and apply qualitative and quantitative methods to measure team effectiveness and performance
Identify process improvement and modifications to develop strategies, increase efficiency, and improve upon existing company objectives
Follow applicable local, state, and federal safety; environmental and system principles
Act as lift manager for all heavy crane lifts
Write and implement lift plans and critical lifts plans
Tilt, dip and turn suspended loads to maneuver over, under andor around obstacles using multi-point suspension techniques
Coordinate and direct crane riggers and operators in all areas, as well as performing inspections, operator level maintenance, selection and configuration of slings, cables, ropes, pulleys, winches, blocks, shackles and sheaves according to weight and size of load to be moved
Inspect and maintain overhead cranes and smaller hydraulic cranes (200 tons or less)
Inspect and schedule maintenance for rental equipment
Perform other related duties as assigned for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment
Above all, remain dependable which means be unfazed by ambiguity or major changes in strategic direction

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
5 years of experience with rigging, critical lift, or crane operations
5 years of experience leading a team

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

10 years of crane operations or rigging experience
Understanding of all rigging equipment - shackles, straps, slings, rope, hoists, etc.
Bachelors degree in engineering or physics
Ability to calculate and determine appropriate lifting equipment and write lift plans
Strong working knowledge of lifting signals and communications
Strong working knowledge of operating and inspecting heavy equipment
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to pass Air Force background check for Cape Canaveral
NCCER certification
NCCCO crane operator certification
Must have a valid drivers license
Ability to perform job duties that require standing, kneeling, crouching, twisting upper body, working in cramped positions in small opening and climbing hand over hand, lifting 50 lbs. unassisted, and working on ladderslifts at elevated heights
Typically exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments - heat, cold, rain
Work performed in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise
Must be available to work extended hours and weekends
Able to travel for short and extended trips as needed - up to 5 travel

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Crane OperationsManager: 130,000.00 - 180,000.00per year              
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.                 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.