SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. MANAGER, GLOBAL LICENSING  ACTIVATION 
Starlink will provide high-speed broadband to the world. As a member of the Global Licensing and Activation team, you will manage a portfolio of countries, interfacing internally and externally, to enable Starlink to become licensed as an internet service provider and bring the country online, so it can serve people and enterprises around the world in the near future. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:
For each country assigned:

Develop comprehensive and accurate understanding of market licensing requirements and timelines
Drive the schedule for initial market licensing and activation to enable rapid growth of operations
Obtain authorization to operate by applying for and obtaining necessary licenses and approvals, including the preparation of applicationsinformation submittals and coordination of necessary internal inputs and reviews
Support and educate internal stakeholders on market licensing timeframes, working collaboratively to achieve company objectives
Represent and promote Starlink to national administrations, regulators, legislatures, and regional organizations
Coordinate and take complete ownership for the activation of each market post-licensing including but not limited to driving the internal organization by completing necessary steps required to launch a country (such as entity formation, tax readiness, customs approvals, importlogistics planning, terms and conditions formatting, e-invoicing, payment processor onboarding, website updating, etc.)

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree
5 years of experience with international business or regulatory affairs
3 years of direct people management experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bilingual
Experience interpreting and negotiating technical requirements
Demonstrated success working in an environment with competing priorities and aggressive schedules
Experience with licensing telecommunications hardware andor services
Ability to define and manage a project independently
Advanced coursework or work experience in international businessstudies or regulatory affairs
Knowledge of radiofrequency spectrum technology

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to travel (up to 50)

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:     
Pay range:  
Sr. Manager, Global Licensing  Activation:  150,000.00 - 205,000.00
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.     
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:
To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here. 
SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.