SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TOOL ROOM ATTENDANT (LAUNCH HARDWARE)
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Receive, store and issue hand tools, replacement tools, shop supplies and equipment
Keep records of tools issued to and returned by workers
Search for lost or misplaced tools and notifies supervision as required
Prepare inventory and requisitions stock as needed
Unpack and stores new equipment
Visually inspect tools for wear and defects, and order replacement tools as necessary
Attach identification tags or engrave identifying information on tools and equipment as needed
Assist weld leads in maintaining inventories on parts, tools and equipment (REMOVE)
Assist management team with the ordering of tools, parts, and equipment within the control of the tool room facility
Handle and dispose of hazardous materials
Maintain technical order files, e-tools, bench stock, shop stock, calibrated tooling and hazardous waste areas
Practice good housekeeping, tool control, FOD awarenessprevention, and safety at all times
Follow technical data, manuals, regulations, and other maintenance directives as required

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of professional experience working in an aviation or aerospace tool room environment or 4 years of professional experience working with inventory in a manufacturing setting

PREFERRED SKILLS  EXPERIENCE:

Associate degree in a mechanical, electrical or computer field
Solid foundation with streaming low latency live video
Experience with Windows Server 2003, 2008 R2 and Windows 10
Experience with Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook)
A strong passion for space exploration
Ability to safely rig and move items under 20,000 lbs
Ability to work effectively in a team environment
Ability to assist with hydrotest andor pneumastat testing on any component (REMOVE)
Demonstrated ability to coordinate, create and drive projects to completion
Familiarity with calibrated measurement devices including torque wrenches, dew point meters, etc.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Ability to pass Air Force background check for Cape Canaveral 
Flight hardware is typically built in tight quarters and physical dexterity is required
Physical effort including sitting or standing for extended periods of time, lifting and carrying weight such as materials or equipment (up to 35 lbs.)
Work performed in an environment with exposure to fumes, odors and noise
Role may require extended hours, weekend work and shift schedules, that vary depending on site operational needs; flexibility required

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              
Pay range: 
Tool Room AttendantLevel 1: 20.00hour
Tool Room AttendantLevel 2: 22.00 - 26.00hour
Tool Room AttendantLevel 3: 24.50 - 28.50hour                        
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.                                         
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.