SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
COOK - TEMPORARY POSITION
SpaceX is looking for passionate, experienced individuals looking to join our culinary team! Daily tasks will be focused on food preparation set up, and operation of a station at one of our various food outlets according to leaderships specifications. The Cook position supports SpaceXs success by providing quality food options that boost morale and productivity.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Complete daily prep tasks
Ensure consistency and compliance with the restaurants recipes regarding portioning, cooking, and waste control guidelines
Provide courteous and informative customer service in an open kitchen format
Follow restaurant guidelines concerning guest services, food and physical safety, maintenance, and equipmentspace cleaning requirements at all times
Maintain a clean and safe work station

POSITION DETAILS:
This is a temporary position with SpaceX, for the length of time as stated, and is subject to change with minimal notice as business needs dictate.

LENGTH OF POSITION: 6 months (permanent hire conversion based on performance and business need)
LOCATION: Brownsville, TX

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of experience in the food service industry

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Restaurant experience
High volume experience
Experience with a daily changing menu 
Possession of or willingness to obtain food handlers card or equivalent
High level of professionalism
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to carry large heavy items, such as dishes in tubs or trays unassisted (up to 25 lbs.)
Ability to stand for long periods of time  up to 8 hours a day
Ability to work all shifts and available for overtime and weekends, as needed
Ability to perform frequent bending, stooping, and lifting of object

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
 
Pay range: 
CookLevel 1: 19.00hour
CookLevel 2: 21.00hour
CookLevel 3: 23.00hour
 

Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
 
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for potential discretionary bonuses. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, and various other discounts and perks. You will also be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. 

ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.description available.