
SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
NDE LEVEL II INSPECTOR, PHASED ARRAY ULTRASONIC TESTING (PAUT)
The Non-Destructive Evaluation operations organization at SpaceX is an inclusive, inter-disciplinary team that is committed to providing high quality inspections of flight components and production assemblies. The breadth of exposure as an NDE Level Inspector is immense, as the organization is responsible for a broad range of inspection types across Falcon, Dragon, Starship, and Raptor programs. You have the ability to engage with the process to provide continuous improvement to execute on the mission to make humanity interplanetary.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Perform volumetric NDE inspections with advanced phased array ultrasonics: Triple transducer crawler arrangement
Interpret, evaluate, communicate, and report findings to production and engineering teams
Interpret and review engineering drawings as required
Support the development of NDE inspection techniques for complex geometries

Assist with training and developing other team members

Support research and development into full matrix capture phased array ultrasonic for operational improvement and optimization

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
NDE level II certification in line with ASNT-TC-1A, NAS-410, or DOD guidance in ultrasonic (UT) including phased array ultrasonic (PAUT)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years of experience as a level II NDENDT inspector
NDE level II certification in line with ASNT-TC-1A guidance in eddy current (ET) and dye penetrant (PT)
Operational experience of utilizing PAUT systems for the inspection of weldments
Knowledge of Olympus Tomoview software
Hands on experience using portable digital equipment such as Olympus EPOCH 600
Knowledge of UniwestNortec eddy current machines or equivalent
Knowledge of AMS, AWSASME, ASTM
Basic computer skills: Microsoft applications  word, power point, excel

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Able and willing to travel as needed to various SpaceX sites
Ability to pass Air Force and Space Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg
Must be able to lift 25lbs unassisted, bend, stretch, stand for extended periods of time; climb stairs, reach, twist, sit, and walk
Must be willing to work overtime and on weekends if needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:NDE InspectorLevel 1: 25.25 - 34.00hourNDE InspectorLevel 2: 30.75 - 41.75hourNDE InspectorLevel 3: 36.25 - 49.25hourNDE InspectorLevel 4: 41.75 - 56.75hourNDE InspectorLevel 5: 47.25 - 64.00hour             
 Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.