SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MANAGER, ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH  SAFETY
This position requires a dedicated Environmental Health and Safety professional who will be able to use their skill, knowledge and experience to further our Environmental Health and Safety programs within our fast-paced work environment that includes operations that have never been attempted before! 
RESPONSIBILITIES:
The Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) Manager will:

Manage the day-to-day and long-term activitiespriorities of the EHS team which will include a combination of technicians, specialists and engineers

Coordinate with site leadership to ensure appropriate EHS involvement in department developmentmodification plans and procedure development
Represent the EHS department at site wide management meetingsbriefings
Provide instructional guidance of job assignments, correct procedures and applicable techniques to perform specific skills; ensure accuracy and completion
Ensure mission and values are communicated to the team and are integrated within team goals, objectives, and work tasks


Implement all aspects of an occupational safety program, including processes, programs and documentation outlined by OSHA standards
Maintain, develop or implement site specific environmental policies which include but are not limited to:

Hazardous and non-hazardous waste management
Air permitting
Spill preventionresponse
Storm water management
Waste water


Coordinate with and serve as the main point of contact for local resource agencies

BASIC REQUIREMENTS:

Bachelors degree
5 years of experience in the design, development, and general operational oversight of EHS disciplines
3 years of EHS management experience

PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS: 

Experience working in aerospace industry
Experience leading a team of EHS engineers and technicians
Experience implementing an occupational safety program, including processes, programs and documentation outlined by OSHA standards
Bachelors degree in engineering with an emphasis in occupational health and safety, environmental engineering or system safety engineering
Advanced knowledge of National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Position is subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing
Must be able to work extended hours andor weekends as needed

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
EHSManager: 150,000.00 - 190,000.00per year         
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 