SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
CONSTRUCTION PROJECT MANAGER, STARBASE DEVELOPMENT (STARSHIP)
As a member of the construction projects team you will work with a group of elite engineers across multiple disciplines to design, build, and activate infrastructure for a variety of projects at Starbase as well as other SpaceX Facilities. This role is responsible for the design, build, and activation of infrastructure, facilities improvements and large capital projects.  You will have the opportunity to drive positive change and own projects from start to finish, with the goal of making the SpaceX campus a world-class facility. This position is based in South Texas (BrownsvilleSouth Padre area). RESPONSIBILITIES:

Write and manage construction contracts with subcontractors across multiple disciplines through contract close-out
Perform project control tasks, including project scheduling, budgeting, and cost control
Manage all aspects of multi-discipline construction projects in the field
Interact with contractors, fabricators, and internal customers
Resolve design and construction conflicts in the field in real time
Oversee and own full lifecycle of projects to achieve on-time and under budget delivery with customer satisfaction. The following project management responsibilities are applicable:

Manage tools and folder systems relating to the organization of our construction projects
Provide budgetary costs based upon the preliminary scope of the project
Gather proposals from architects, engineers and contractors; assign contracts upon receipt of all proposals
Develop the final cost and schedule for the project, and implement controls as needed to manage cost, schedule and scope
Facilitate city, county, and governmental approvals
Coordinate project implementation and track project status
Work with the facilities team and end user in order to operationalize the post-construction building operations and maintenance functions
Coordinate with end user and facilities team for building operations and maintenance
Manage night shift contractors as project work requires
Take on new projects ad-hoc as the business needs



BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

3 years of professional experience in architecture, engineering, construction management, or facilities management

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in architecture, construction management, or an engineering discipline
Previous experience with project management and scheduling software
Design experience in a technical field
Basic proficiency with AutoCAD
Knowledge of processes of jurisdictional permitting andor environmental agencies
Understanding of multiple disciplines such as civil, structural, mechanical, electrical, piping, geotechnical, and surveying
Experience with project management of major construction projects including estimating, cost control, schedule, and contractor management
Experience reading, reviewing, and approving shop and fabrication drawings, blueprints, and technical manuals
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while maintaining a high sense of urgency in a high-paced, challenging work environment
Ability to work independently and in a team, take initiative, and communicate effectively
Professional Engineer (PE) license
Manufacturing facility experience

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work at elevated heights (200 feet)
Physical effort with lifting and carrying materials or equipment (up to 25 lbs.)
Typically exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain
Work performed in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise
Must be available to work extended hours and weekends when needed based on site operational needs; flexibility required
Valid drivers license
Occasional travel may be required to support vehicle operations at production and launch sites

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Construction Project ManagerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    Construction Project ManagerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.