SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. PRODUCT COMPLIANCE ENGINEER, ENVIRONMENTAL (STARLINK)
Starlink believes everyone should have access to fast, reliable internet, no matter where they live. The Starlink Product Engineering team designs and manufactures products that enable people around the world to connect to our constellation of satellites. We strive to create consumer electronics that are both technically sophisticated and easy for people to use everywhere.
Product Compliance Engineers will play a critical role as SpaceX strives to deliver internet to those that need it most. They will drive regulatory efforts, impact internal design decisions, and obtain the product certification needed to sell and ship millions of consumer-facing devices. These devices - including Starlink dishes, Wi-Fi routers, power supply, accessories, etc.  are designed and manufactured completely in-house by SpaceX. Engineers on the team will be hands-on, regularly interact with multiple technical disciplines, and ultimately ensure that Starlink is a global success.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Own and drive product-level compliance, ensuring all regulatory requirements are met to facilitate global market access, brand protection, and product safety
Drive engagement with business groups to incorporate regulatory and certification requirements into product design and ensure their successful execution and compliance
Collaborate with engineering teams to generate technical construction files
Drive engagement with external 3rd party test laboratories and oversee compliance testing to applicable domestic and international standards
Become an advocate of new compliance initiatives working with internal or external partners

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering, math, chemistry, or physics discipline
5 years of professional experience in compliance engineering of consumer electronics, industrial equipment, or information technology equipment (Safety, EMC, Wireless, or Environmental Compliance)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

8 years of experience managing product technical requirements, scope, schedule, or cost
Familiarity with U.S., Canadian, EU, and other international regulatory requirements and standards
Experience with NRTL, NEC, NFPA, IEC, and CB Scheme and other safety requirements and regulations
Experience with FCC, ISED, ETSI, and other international requirements for radio products
Experience with RoHS, REACH, WEEE, Prop 65, and other environmental requirements and regulations
Demonstrated ability to work in a highly cross-functional role
Outstanding project management skills
Excellent communication skills both written and verbal

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: Pay Range:Compliance EngineerSenior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.