SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. SUPPLY CHAIN RELIABILITY ENGINEER, SPECIAL PROCESS
The supply chain reliability engineering team is chartered with global quality surveillance of the supply base, reducing supply chain risk through external evaluations and internal risk reviews, leading failure investigations and proactively driving source qualification activities. As a special process supply chain reliability engineer, you manage and lead cross functional risk activities to meet technical, production, and regulatory requirements at the point of qualification and throughout the suppliers lifecycle. You would be responsible for monitoring for supplier flight risk and driving failure investigations to resolve issues immediately and effectively. As supplier surveillance activities deal with suppliers that support all areas of SpaceX, you would build an extensive network within materials and processing, build reliability, production, supply chain management, and a deep understanding of SpaceX systems and processes. This experience would enable you to become a critical voice in the development of group and company strategy.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Act as the reliability engineering point of contact for all outsourced special processes, e.g., thin film coatings, thermal spray coatings, chemical processing, plating, thermal protection systems, etc. used on our vehicles and engines, solving emergent risks at suppliers and mitigating risk to the manifest by addressing high-impact quality challenges and escapes
Interface with production operations, inspection, shippingreceiving, and engineering teams to develop appropriate quality signals and processes to meeting overall program reliability goals
Drive changes that make the system more reliable, more manufacturable, and more efficient
Lead cross functional supplier quality failure investigations in production, test and flight, identifying and mitigating the immediate and underlying root causes in order to quantifyreduce risk and improve reliability of designs and processes
Coordinate failure resolution and follow-up actions to avoid further mishaps
Responsible for containment actions associated with non-conforming product, including identification of product location, coordination with Build Reliability Engineers of potential flight risk and the coordination of actions required to identify root cause analysis
Identify opportunities for risk reduction and removal of complexity in designs and processes to improve manufacturability, collaborating with integrated product teams to drive improvements and address high-impact and repeating non-conformances
Review acceptance and qualification of new capabilities at suppliers
Monitor supplier capabilities for unknown flight risk and work to resolve issues
Assess changes in supplier processes and cross-functional impacts
Run ongoing reliability risk review activities, including performing data reviews and executing mitigation plans
Work with cross-functional teams to drive improved verification and changes for improved reliability

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
5 years of experience in a manufacturing environment or process engineering role

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience in special processes such as thin film coatings, thermal spray coatings, chemical processing, plating, thermal protections systems or similar productsprocesses
Masters degree in engineering or business
Broad familiarity with the environmental protection systems used on parts for rocketsrocket engines
Broad familiarity with the ancillary processes associated with the production of metallic parts, e.g., Non-destructive evaluation, heat treatment, etc.
Technical capabilities including knowledge of 2D blueprints and model drawings
Knowledge of supplier quality processes; production part approval process, advanced product quality planning, first article inspection reports, etc. 
Knowledge of statistical techniques and methods like design of experiments, Six Sigma, etc.
Experience with quality systems (ISO 9000TSAS9100NADCAP)
Disciplined approach to problem solving - 8D
Knowledge of lean concepts
Experience with sharing information and influencing others; strong written and verbal communication skills, able to liaise cross functionally, internally and externally, make presentations to team members and management
Experience with MRP or ERP systems

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Must be able to work extended hours, some nights andor weekends when needed
Must be able to travel - up to 25-50 work week travel may be required, including international travel
Valid drivers license

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          Supply Chain Reliability EngineerSenior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year     
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.         
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 