SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
METAL SPINNING TECHNICIAN (COPV)
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Drill, ream, and countersink full-size holes in partsassemblies, in proper sequence and to correct size using a drill motor, bits, reamers and countersinks to meets specified dimensional requirements
Deburr holes using deburring tools, and files to prepare for installation of fasteners, clamps and positioners
Assemble and disassemble tools in accordance with process specification
Perform metal blending to achieve close tolerance surface finishes
Move, mount, configure and setup work pieces to meet machine requirements prior to machining, spin forming or heat treating
Run machinery and equipment to perform tasks including but not limited to: CNC machining, spin forming, and heat treating

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of structural assembly, machine operation, andor part setup in a manufacturing environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Prior experience working with large moveable structures, machines or parts requiring the use of cranes, forklifts, jacks or stationary lifts
Knowledge of large machining operations, precision assembly operations andor close tolerance equipment 
Heat treating experience (artificial aging, solution heat treating andor annealing)
Lifting and rigging experienceforklift operation
Able to generate charts, graphs, pivot tables, slicers and reports from a dataset and explain trends and anomalies
Experience utilizing different root cause analysis methods such as 5 whys, fishbone, and Pareto analysis
Able to perform basic arithmetic calculations accurately (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, decimals and fractions)
Able to read and interpret engineering drawings, blueprints, and specifications
Experience with drilling, reaming, honing and countersinking straight and close tolerance holes
Experience using various types of hand tools andor hand-held power tools, floor-mounted power tools and precision measuring tools on structures materials
Able to adapt to constantly changing work assignments and fast paced work environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, andor weekends as needed. Estimated start times: 1st shift (5am), 2nd shift (3pm)
Ability and willingness to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Ability and willingness to wear required personal protective equipment as defined by SpaceX during the conduct of this job, including but not limited to, safety glasses, gloves, safety toe shoes, face masks, hard hats and respirators
Lifting, standing, kneeling, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Willing and able to tolerate loud noise levels, heat, odors and lubricant remnants in order to perform the functions of this position

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    Pay range:    Metal Spinning TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour    Metal Spinning TechnicianLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour    Metal Spinning TechnicianLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour           Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.           ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 
 