SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. SUPPLY CHAIN PLANNER 
The SpaceX supply chain department is a critical player in our operations. This role will be part of the launch site supply chain team and will be based out of Vandenberg, CA. The functions within the team include procurement, planning, fulfillment, supplier development, supplier quality, inventory and logistics. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Manage inventory level targets, reviewing line of balances, aligning demand supply signals and allocations, maintaining product master data and developing expertise in in-house systems and reports
Mitigate risk and ensure continuity of supply by constructing and executing to a well thought out supply plan that fulfills the needs of the product on time and with quality
Execute material resource planning (MRP) planning messages for production parts
Be the go to resource for engineering, supply chain, manufacturing, and new product introduction teams when determining best value suppliers, NPI sourcing plans, make vs. buy, should cost, buy complete strategies, and lead times, etc.
Drive design for manufacturability reviews with support from supplier quality and engineering
Champion value-add and value engineering projects to improve part quality and reduce cost
Mitigate solesingle source risk and ensure continuity of supply
Proactively update SpaceX management and engineering teams on all critical supply issues
Develop and maintain strong supplier relationships
Visit suppliers facilities and accurately assess technical capability, equipment, and capacity
Execute MRP planning messages for production parts
Resolve purchase order discrepancies and invoice issues
Analyze procurement data and report metrics
Ensure compliance with all company policies and procedures and government regulations

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Advanced degree; or bachelors degree and 2 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or 6 years of experience working in one or more of the following:

Engineering
Purchasing
Contract negotiation
Material or production planning
Operations or supply chain management
Material cost control
Master production scheduling



PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

1 years of experience using SQL in business analysis, product management, applicationssoftware development, or enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems support
Technical procurement, manufacturing, and vendor management experience
Experience reading datasheets, drawings, and blueprints
Proven track record of leadership and team building skills
Exceptional analytical, problem solving, and organizational skills
Familiarity with ERP systems and purchasingplanning functions
Knowledge and skills in current technologies and applications (e.g. MS Office Suite, Access, SQL, etc.)
Effective written, verbal, and presentation communication skills
Ability to learn quickly and prioritize appropriately to meet customer and company needs
Excellent customer service skills
Detail-oriented, self-motivated, and able to respond quickly to a fast-moving and ever-changing environment
Conducts all activities with the highest levels of integrity

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to pass Air Force background check for Vandenberg
Must be willing be willing to travel between launch sites up to 50 of the time
Must be available for the following shift: Monday to Friday from 11AM  8PM
This position is based in Vandenburg, CA and requires being onsite  remote work not considered

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:Sr. Supply Chain Planner: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k)-retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 
 