SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. SECURITY ANALYST
We are a target of both nation states and actors focused on brand destruction. Information drives our business and we must protect against unauthorized changes, improper destruction, loss, or theft of that information. As a highly visible and dynamic organization, we must also value and guard against damage to our reputation and brand. Finally, it is paramount that we defend against loss of control or confidence in our systems in order to guarantee the highest probability of mission success. SpaceX Security Analysts are responsible for analyzing and responding to threats directed at our environment.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Support SpaceX as our front line responder by identifying, triaging, and remediating security detections and anomalies.
Assess newly published vulnerabilities and attacker tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) to identify possible defensive measures to locate and stop threat actors.
Provide incident response support as a key stakeholder. Collaborate with SpaceX engineering teams to proactivity improve and secure systems from future attacks.
Operate and help mature playbooks to protect SpaceX people, missions, and assets.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

5 years of security, networking andor systems engineering experience and a Bachelors degree in security engineering, cybersecurity, computer science, computer engineering or other STEM discipline; OR 7 years of security, networking andor systems engineering experience in lieu of a degree
Experience with operating system internals for Linux, Windows, or macOS platforms.
Experience with network and host-based collection tools.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Understanding of classic and emerging threat actor tactics, techniques, and procedures in both pre- and post-exploitation phases of attack lifecycles.
Deep understanding of incident response processes.
Experience using Elastic, Splunk andor other SIEMs.
Experience scripting language(s) for the purposes of automating security operations and incident response processes.
Experience with reverse engineering, C2 exploitation, and broader systemnetwork forensics.
Security community contributions (blog posts, conference talks, CTFs, tool development, etc.)
Knowledge of cloud infrastructure and cloud security.
SANSGIAC, OSCP or similar certifications.
Technical degree.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to work extended hours and weekends as needed.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    Pay Range:    Information Security AnalystSenior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.    Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.