SpaceX is seeking a talented, self-driven Internal Communications Manager.The Internal Communications Manager will be responsible for the development and implementation of internal communications and employee engagement strategies. This role will work cross-functionally with internal stakeholders to support key initiatives. The successful candidate is a strategic thinker with a can-do attitude, exceptional verbal and interpersonal communication skills, and who thrives in a fast-paced, dynamic environment where no problem is too great and no detail too small.INTERNAL COMMUNICATIONS MANAGERRESPONSIBILITIES:Collaborate with senior executives to identify internal communications gaps and opportunities across the company to ensure employees are well-informed and to increase employee engagementProvide strategic guidance to ensure departments and teams are using the most effective communications tools available to reach their intended audienceRevamp our company intranet, and produce internal style guides and templatesManage internal communication response to crisis situations that affect organizational perception and reputationConsult on key internal announcements, including occasionally drafting and editingEnsure internal communication messages are consistent with external communication messagesBASIC QUALIFICATIONS:Bachelors degree5 years of professional experience in businessorganizational communicationsPREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:Experience in internal communications10 years of experience in communications or public relationsImpeccable writing skills, with attention to detail and ability to communicate information to multiple audiencesAbility to quickly grasp and synthesize complex issuesEstablished skills in strategic and critical thinking, decision-making, negotiation, and relationship-buildingHighly organized, detail-oriented and possess a proven ability to thrive under deadline pressure and to execute on a number of projects simultaneouslyExperience with intranet platformsExperience working in a fast-paced, dynamic, results-oriented team environmentADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:Available to travel to SpaceX locations on occasion (10)Ability to share writing samples and examples of previous internal communications campaignsThis position is based out of our Hawthorne, CA headquarters. Remote or hybrid work will not be considered.COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    Pay range:    Internal Communications Manager: 110,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.ITAR REQUIREMENTS:To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.