SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
INVENTORY SPECIALIST - TEMPORARY
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Pick, lift, organize, and move standard hardware, raw material, purchased parts, machined details, and assemblies to support inventory control for the F9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft production at Cape Canaveral Launch Site 
Assemble racks, look for parts, organize supplies, and any other tasks directed by inventory control lead and manager
Perform picking function to create necessary kits of parts, material, and hardware as required and ensure that all parts are accounted for and available in kits
Frequently use forklift and other machinery to transport large material on site
Maintain strict material handling practices in accordance with good practiceprocedures
Monitor shelf-life storage and maintain proper rotation of stock
Perform daily cycle counts
Effectively utilize ERP system

POSITION DETAILS:
This is a temporary position with SpaceX, for the length of time as stated, and is subject to change with minimal notice as business needs dictate.

LENGTH OF POSITION: 3-6 months
LOCATION: Cape Canaveral, FL
SHIFT: Weekends, Thursday  Monday 6AM to 4:30PM

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of inventory control experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree
5 years of inventory control experience in a warehouse
ERP system experience (SAP, Oracle, etc.)
Excellent computer skills including Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook)
Experience and understanding of inventory and kitting processes
Capability to operate a forklift and other related inventory equipment
Experience within the aerospace, automotive, semiconductor, or electronic fields

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to pass Air Force background check for Cape Canaveral
Ability to lift 25-30 lbs
Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
Pay range: 
Inventory SpecialistLevel 1: 20.00 - 23.00hourInventory SpecialistLevel 2: 22.50 - 27.00hourInventory SpecialistLevel 3: 25.00 - 30.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for potential discretionary bonuses. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, and various other discounts and perks. You will also be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.   
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 
 