
SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
INTEGRATION TECHNICIAN (DRAGON COMPONENT MAINTENANCE)
We are seeking an individual who is motivated, adaptable, inquisitive, has a high-level of attention to detail, and is eager to learn new things. The Dragon Component Maintenance team is a fast-growing team that will be taking charge of a wide scope of work, ranging from vehicle teardown, back shell component refurbishment, clean line maintenance, and engine refurbishment. We are looking for someone that is not only a hard worker but constantly looking for ways to implement improvements and streamline processes.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Use precision calibrated tools  torque wrenches, micrometers and calipers
Ability to pass SARSCAPE medical qualifications and perform operations in SARSCAPE
Assembly of structures including fit-up, bonding and fastener installations
Prepare parts for vacuum bagging, including placement of bleeders, thermocouples, probes and vacuum connections etc.
RTV molding injection, co-bonding, secondary bonding
Select drill bits, reamers andor countersinking tools for pilot and full size holes
Drill, ream, countersink full size holes in partsassemblies, in proper sequence and to correct size using drill motor
Set countersinking tools to proper depth as required
Proficiently use various mechanical tools and heavy machinery
Install fasteners in correct sequence per drawing, using correct tools (e.g., rivet gun and bucking bar, drill motor, power screwdriver, C-squeeze, ratchet wrench, nut runner)
Handle and dispose of hazardous materials in approved manner
Complete tasks related to site preventative maintenance in accordance with the asset management system
Perform other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of hands on experience in assembly, test, maintenance, repair andor installation, OR a certificate from an accredited trade skills program

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience with thermal protection systems (TPS) or phenolic impregnated carbon ablators (PICA)
Experience reading and interpreting engineering drawings, an understanding for drawing symbols, flag notes and general notes
Ability to follow written and verbal instructions, read SOPs (standard operating procedures)
Attention to detail and accuracy while working within a fast-paced production environment
Experience around composite structures, to include TPS removalbonding, fastener removalinstallation, and drilling

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to pass Air Force background check for Cape Canaveral
Ability to work the following shift: Monday  Friday 6:00am  4:30pm
Available to work all required shift hours and be available to work overtime, and weekends, as needed
Ability to lift heavy objects (up to 25 lbs.) unassisted
Ability to perform job duties that require standing, kneeling, crouching, twisting upper body, working in cramped positions in small openings and climbing hand over hand
Ability to work at elevated heights (up to 100 feet)
Work performed in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:                          
Pay range:          
Integration TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour      
Integration TechnicianLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour      
Integration TechnicianLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour                             
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.                         
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
