SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
GLOBAL SUPPLY MANAGER (GSM), STARLINK HARNESSING 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Conduct comprehensive global harnessing supply base analysis to formulate a strategic sourcing plan that includes strategic direction, technology roadmaps, price trends, market and industry position, and risk assessment
Collaboratively work with engineering, supply chain team, and production to identify a reliable supply base to support all prototype builds, design changes across multiple Starlink sub-assemblies and production schedule with appropriate supply resource, setup, material, test plan and production plan for clear to build (CTB)
Manage PO line health, purchase orders and follow through the project milestones for on time delivery and quality conformance
Prepare, issue, and analyze RFx packages, ensuring all commercial terms are agreed and documented, using scalable processes for vendor selection, pricing analysis, risk assessment and decision metrics for one-time and ongoing project requirements
Manage cost aggressively to ensure adherence to project-specific budgets and forecasts. Ability to develop should-cost models for competitive cost analysis
Optimize weeks of supply within the target level and reduce inventory while ensure part readiness for CTB.
Ensure SpaceXs pricing met Best-In-Class expectations, while meeting Supplier Industrialization standards of Best-IN-Class quality, in addition to driving continual cost reduction and avoidance initiatives through ad-hoc price negotiations.
Manage respective supplier relationships and performance, including but not limited to dispute resolution, supplier scorecards, and periodic business reviews.
Be the harnessing Go to resource for Engineering, Supply Chain, Manufacturing, and Build Reliability stakeholders and determine and execute sourcing strategies to deliver the best value suppliers, NPI Sourcing Plans, and lead time optimization. 
Participate in design reviews, change control meetings, and other technical discussions with Engineering partners; participate in DFM review with Engineering and prospective suppliers and drive decisions from a cost and source reliability perspective.
Survey supplier facilities and accurately assess technical capability, equipment, and capacity for rapid deployment in support of new product development, mass production and product warranty and repair services
Lead cross-functional teams to manage project trimlines, including developing and maintain action trackers, supplier plan vs. actual, and other program management tools related to on time deliver of supplier parts against Program timing.
Communicate key supply, cost and or quality issues with management teams. Develop corrective action plans to mintage identified risks.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Advanced degree and 4 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or bachelors degree and 6 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or 10 years of experience working in one or more of the following:

Engineering
Purchasing
Contract negotiation
Material or production planning
Operations or supply chain management
Material cost control
Master production scheduling



PREFERRED SKILLS  EXPERIENCE:

Experience with mechanical andor special process manufacturers and suppliers
Experience in managing outsourcing contract manufacturing partners
Proven track record of taking ownership, successful contract negotiation, NPI and Production sourcing strategy development and execution.
Prior experience managing Contract Manufacturing, harnessing, wiring and connectors.
Lean Manufacturing six sigma training and certification
Knowledge of Harness Manufacturing, Bill of Materials, Testing and Final Assembly processes
Technical procurement, product development, NPI, manufacturing and negotiating high volume electronic, assemblies and warranty services
Logistics operations, VMI program management and export compliance experience
Exceptional analytical, problem solving, and organizational skills
Effective written, verbal and presentation communication skills
Ability to learn quickly and prioritize appropriately to meet customer and company needs
Detail-oriented, self-motivated and able to respond quickly to a fast-moving and ever-changing environment
Conducts all activities with the highest level of integrity

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              
Pay range:          Global Supply Manager: 125,000.00 - 180,000.00per year                    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.