SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. AUTOMATION AND TEST ENGINEER (STARLINK)
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe.
The Starlink engineering teams are building highly reliable in-space mesh networks, designing secure systems to guarantee access to space, designing next-gen communication and sensing software, and more. You will be responsible for systems that enable rapid development and accurate testing of Starlink software and hardware, with continual focus on design, development and building innovative test systems, from hardware designs to software infrastructure. Our engineers are responsible for the life cycle of the products they create, including development, testing, and operational support giving you a chance to have critical ownership of the projects youre working.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Design, develop and build test platforms to best validate Starlink software.
Develop software that allow for test execution across multiple environments: hardware-in-the-loop (HITL, HIL) and virtualized hardware simulations.
Invent tools that enable more frequent and reliable software deployment, test execution, and data analysis as part of a continuous integration and release system.
Analyze test results and identify bugs that require in-depth investigations with engineers across the organization.
Work closely with developers to provide a reliable, fast, accurate and easy-to-use integrated test platform.
Hands-on integration and troubleshooting of Starlink hardwaresoftware.
Identify areas for improvement in the test systems and create innovative solutions.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or a STEM discipline and 5 years of professional experience in test system development, system administration, DevOps, software or hardware development; or 7 years of experience in test system development, system administration, DevOps, software or hardware development in lieu of a degree.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience building, testing, or working with hardware test setups.
Linux and Bash proficiency and experience with networking protocols.
Developed and deployed software that has been used in real world applicationsprojects.
Data analysis skillset and experience with simulation software.
Experience with containerization technologies (i.e. Docker, Kubernetes).
Radio frequency (RF) system-level design, modems and diagnostic test equipment experience.
Strong skills in troubleshooting, debugging, performance optimization, and unit testing.
Experience with continuous integration and monitoring.
Solid fundamental knowledge of networks, electronics, RF communications, math, and physics.
Creative approach to problem solving, exceptional analytical skills and engineering fundamentals.
Excellent organizational and communication skills.
Ability to learn quickly and work effectively in a dynamic environment.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
 Pay range:    Software Test EngineerSenior: 160,000.00 - 220,000.00per year      Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 