SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
ANTENNA ENGINEER
The Avionics RF team is responsible for communication systems and RF sensors on our spacecraft and launch vehicles. New development will largely focus on our Starship vehicle. We design systems and architectures that enable new vehicle capabilities, and take the necessary components and products from concept to flight. Join our mission to take humans back to the lunar surface, ultimately enabling us to establish permanent communities on the Moon, Mars, and beyond.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Design and test RF antenna hardware for communications and sensorsinstruments  in VHF through Ka-band  from concept to production
Create EM simulation models of hardware (antennas, filters, PCB layout) to design or evaluate performance
Analyze wireless systems (antenna isolation, patterns with large structures, propagation effects, etc.)

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline with emphasis in electromagnetic theory andor microwave circuits
2 years of professional or project experience designing, building, or testing antennas 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in electrical engineering (electromagnetics or circuits)
Hands on experience with test equipment such as spectrum analyzer, signal generator, network analyzer, power meters, and RF passive components
Experience with Near-field or Far-field chamber design and operation
Proficiency with electrical schematic capture software (Altium, Orcad or similar)
Experience with electromagnetics simulation tools such as HFSS, CST, Savant, or similar  including tradeoffs of FEM, MoM, FDTD, and PO methods
Experience with Python, MATLAB, or CC programming for data analysis or test equipment interfacing
Basic CAD skills for prototype designs and working directly with mechanical engineers
Experience with phased array calibration and testing
Must be able to navigate the smith chart and experience with transmission line theory, impedance matching, filters, and S-parameters
Excellent communication and documentation skills, and ability to collaborate with other engineering disciplines

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Extended hours and weekend work may be required to support critical project and mission milestones

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Antenna EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    Antenna EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.