



SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
BARISTA - TEMPORARY POSITION
SpaceX is looking for experienced, passionate, and driven team members to launch and grow world-class coffee bars inside our corporate facilities. We are searching for candidates who have superior experience working with coffee, espresso, and tea. The current positions are best suited for those with several years of barista experience who possess hands-on knowledge of espresso drink preparation, coffee tasting, and general coffee bar operations.  
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Operate espresso machines with a high degree of proficiency
Provide world-class customer service to all customers, whether fellow SpaceX employees or external visitors to our sites
Prepare a variety of coffee-style beverages and food products
Adhere to proper safety guidelines at all times
Order supplies and maintain inventory accuracy as needed
Assist in regular upkeep of the caf

POSITION DETAILS:
This is a TEMPORARY position with SpaceX, for the length of time as stated, and is subject to change with minimal notice as business needs dictate.

LENGTH OF POSITION: 6 months (permanent hire conversion based on performance and business need)
LOCATION: Starbase, TX

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of customer service experience in a food service environment that includes coffee and beverage services

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

1 years of barista experience
Experience in a customer service or guest interaction capacity
Self-motivated and works well with others
Comfort with high-volume output
Strong time management skills
Ability to obtain valid ServSafe or state issued food handler card
Previous work experience in team settings

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work in a continuously-standing position for five or more hours
Ability to work all shifts and available for overtime and weekends, as needed
Ability to perform manual labor tasks (lift up to 30 lbs. from the floor) 
Ability to perform frequent bending, stooping, and lifting of objects
Willingness to work weekends and nights

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range: 
Level 1: 18.50hour
Level 2: 20.50hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for potential discretionary bonuses. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, and various other discounts and perks. You will also be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.



