SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TEST TECHNICIAN (COMPOSITE STRUCTURES) - 2ND SHIFT
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Ensure all structural test stand related equipmentservices are performed on time, safely, and in a professional manner
Maintain, troubleshoot, and repair equipment and instrumentation as needed
Fabricate and repair structural hardware and test equipment
Collaborate with engineers to develop and document activities
Ensure all engine components and materials are clean and inspected according to clean for oxygen service standards
Operate and maintain hardware, high pressure systems and pumps, and other ancillary equipment including pneumatic components
Develop novel ways site-wide to streamline processes and increase the reliability of testing operations
Obtain and maintain licenses, operator permits or certifications as required
Perform a variety of related duties in support of engine testing and structural test stand programs
Monitor and maintain a reasonable inventory of cryogenic equipment, including transfer tubes, fittings, hoses, and other supplies
Maintain inventory of spare parts and equipment to repair or replace defective components
Process work orders and maintenance tickets
Prepare test articles and test stands and systems for test operations

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate 
2 years of experience working with and troubleshooting mechanical systems (professional work experience or personal project experience will be considered)
2 years of experience using power tools, hand tools, or heavy equipment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Associates degree
AP license
Experience with structural test equipmentservices
Experience with testing process and optimization of test processes
Experience with high performance systems and optimization of these systems
Experience in ground support equipment in aerospace industry
Experience in the space exploration industry, aviation, military or other high-reliability operating environments         
Basic computer skills, including experience using MS Office suite
Experience with crane operations
Knowledge of high vacuum systems
Knowledge of all types of borescope inspection equipment
Knowledge of different fittings such as NPT and AN
Ability to utilize power tools and hand tools as well as heavy equipment
Demonstrated ability in readingunderstanding technical manuals and reports
Use of precision measuring instruments
Communication skills for relaying data (verbally and in-writing) between other employees and customers
Ability to work effectively in a team environment
Able to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

This is a 2nd shift role working from 3:30 PM - 2:00 AM
Must be able to lift up to 25lbs. unassisted
Must be able to stand for extended periods  8 hours minimum
Must be able to stoop, bend, crawl, and able to maneuver in tight spaces
Must be able to work all shift hours, able to work overtime and weekend as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Test TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour    Test TechnicianLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour    Test TechnicianLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.