SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PRODUCTION SUPERVISOR (STARLINK)
SpaceX is developing a low latency, broadband internet system to meet the needs of consumers across the globe. Enabled by a constellation of low Earth orbit satellites, Starlink will provide fast, reliable internet to populations with little or no connectivity, including those in rural communities and places where existing services are too expensive or unreliable. We are looking for organized, creative, and driven supervisors to spearhead the production of millions of consumer-facing electronic devices called user terminals that we will ship to customers homes around the world. As a Starlink Production Supervisor, you will manage large teams of technicians and assemblers while working closely with manufacturing and design engineers, ultimately driving the transition from initial prototyping to full-scale production. We have multiple openings across two shifts (1st and 2nd).
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Coordinate and steer the collective efforts of electronics production associates
Enforce area standards and run rules (includes bi-annual reviews and disciplinary action)
Interface with area leadership and prioritize work based on production schedule and organizational goals
Schedule risk identification and mitigation
Coordinate support organization efforts to minimize production interruptions
Ensure product quality and conformance to specifications
Process non-conforming hardware to efficiently return them to conforming state and normal product flow
Improve area safety and efficiency through regular auditing and continuous improvement
Optimization of product flow through the factory
Root cause analysis and the implementation of corresponding corrective action plans
Identify and eliminate defects within the area value stream
Reduce downtime for product and personnel
Support efforts to transition product from engineering development to full rate production
Review drawings and technical data packages for manufacturability while providing constructive feedback to engineeringdesign community

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree or 5 years of professional experience in a manufacturingtesting environment
1 years of experience leading a team or project

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree
Lean manufacturing training and experience
Experience monitoring, tracking and continually improving total cost equation
Experience with applying lean manufacturing principles, efficiency methods
Demonstrated ability to read, interpret controlled documentation and processes such as: cable harnesses, wiring diagrams, layout drawings, mechanical drawings, GDT, assembly procedureswork instructions, schematics, engineering drawings, and parts lists
Familiarity with Design for Manufacturability, Kaizen, Lean Manufacturing, Six Sigma, and Failure Mode Effects Analysis
PCBA, harness, electro-mechanical assembly, optical component manufacturing and prototype development experience
Experience preferred in fast-paced production environment with flight quality hardware
Six Sigma certification
Able to adapt to constant changing work assignments and fast-paced work environment
Proficient with computers, the ability to use MS Office, shop floor management software (ERP) and related programs

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available for either 1st shift (5 AM to 3:30 PM) or 2nd shift (3:30 PM to 2 AM)
Ability to work extended hours and weekends as needed
Able to travel for short and extended trips as needed. Up to 10 travel
Ability to lift 25 lbs. unassisted
Ability stoop, bend, crawl, and being able to maneuver in tight spaces

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:    Production SupervisorSupervisor: 105,000.00 - 135,000.00per year  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.