SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
COMMUNICATIONS MANAGER
SpaceX is seeking a talented, self-driven individual for a position as a Communications Manager. As a key member of the team, the Communications Manager will be responsible for the development and implementation of communication strategies to support our key government relationships with the goal of getting the general public excited about space exploration. This role will work cross-functionally with internal stakeholders to support key initiatives. To be a successful candidate, youll need to be a strategic thinker with a can-do attitude and a natural verbal and written communicator who thrives in a fast-paced, dynamic environment where no problem is too great and no detail too small.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and help lead the companys communication strategies to promote SpaceXs immediate initiatives and long-term goals.
Serve as the communications teams point of contact and for key government customers and partners.
Create compelling communications materials in support of our efforts to increase access to space and our position as an industry leader.
Provide clear and tactical public relations support to internal stakeholders.
Prepare SpaceX leaders for speaking engagements and other public relations activities.
Manage effective communication activities in response to strategic priorities and crisis situations.
Other responsibilities as assigned.

BASIC REQUIREMENTS:

Bachelors degree.
5 years of experience in communications or public relations.
2 years of experience leading communications strategies to enable legislative matters in the private sector, a Congressional office, or an executive agency.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Exceptional verbal and interpersonal communication skills.
Impeccable writing skills, demonstrating the ability to communicate information to multiple audiences.
Established skills in strategic and critical thinking, decision-making, negotiation, and relationship-building.
Ability to quickly grasp and synthesize complex issues.
Strong project management skills.
Highly organized, detail oriented and possess a proven ability to thrive under deadline pressure.
Experience with social media strategies and tactics.
Successful experience working in a fast-paced, dynamic, results-oriented team environment.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to travel to other SpaceX locations; 20.

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:    Pay range:    Communication Manager: 110,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.