
SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
STRUCTURAL DESIGN ENGINEER (STARSHIP)
Our elite Launch Infrastructure team is working on the toughest and most audacious project on our planet; designing and building the foundation for making humanity multiplanetary. This challenge is not for everyone; hardcore projects require hardcore engineers. If you are a high performing engineer, want to immerse yourself in never-before-solved challenges, and are excited to put in the effort to make this goal a reality, we want to hear from you.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
As a member of the team you can expect:

A dynamic role where you will perform structural analysis and design for large steel and reinforced concrete structures, launch platforms, launch towers and ground support equipment foundations
Create structural design drawings, calculations, and design summary presentations
Estimate material quantities, schedules, and costs for construction projects
Write and manage construction contracts with subcontractors across multiple disciplines
Perform project control tasks, including project scheduling, budgeting, and cost control
Manage multi-discipline design and construction projects
Interact with other engineers, contractors, fabricators, and various stakeholders
Provide direct onsite field observations and resolve field conflicts in real time

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in engineering
1 years of professional experience in civilstructural design (internship experience qualifies) 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Strong ability to use data and analysis to make fast data-driven decisions.
Professional Engineering (PE) or Structural Engineering (SE) license
Knowledge of American Institute of Steel Construction (AISC) steel manual, American Concrete Institute (ACI) code 318, American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) 7, and International Building Codes (IBC)
Experience creating structural detail drawings in AutoCAD, Revit, NX, Solidworks or similar drafting programs
Knowledge of ETABS, SAP2000, S-Concrete, ANSYS, FEMAP or similar analysis design programs
Ability to perform trade studies and make clear recommendations using first principles and engineering fundamentals even with partial information. Strong understanding of engineering fundamentals
Experience working at a nimble engineering organization or in a highly technical position that required a scrappy, entrepreneurial manner to accomplish tasks with tight time or budget constraints
Excelled in ultra-competitive environments. Youve nailed a podium finish in engineering, math, or science competitions, achieved scores in the top percentile of scholastic or standardized tests, or demonstrated other incredible feats of intellectual achievement
Experience building hardware or have a passion for contributing to a work product that operates in the real world
Succeeded in multiple endeavors at once. Maybe you worked through college, were a student athlete, or demonstrated strong work or academic performance in multiple fields
Demonstrated rapid growth. Youve held successive positions of increasing responsibility within an organization, were able to get yourself up to speed at a heroic pace, and accomplished something meaningfully difficult early in your career
Youve demonstrated resilience and the ability to overcome failure or extreme odds. Many critics would say that our goals are impossible but this isnt the first time weve proven that highly improbable goals like reusable rockets can become possible
Success in academics at a rigorous and highly regarded university: minimum GPA 3.54.0 or higher, standardized test scores minimum 95th percentile, merit-based scholarship recipient

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Able and willing to travel to other sites as needed (up to 25)
Ability to pass Space Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        
Pay range:    CivilStructural EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    CivilStructural EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
