SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
OPERATIONS ENGINEER (STARSHIP)
At the forefront of SpaceXs mission to make humanity an interplanetary species, Starship is the vehicle that will deliver humans to Mars and beyond. This operations engineering role will support production programs through strategic planning, optimization of production processes, and alignment of resources to tasks.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop tools to analyze delivery, capacity, cost problems for production, supply chain, and operations to guide decisions
Work as part of a team to develop and manage production strategy to mitigate future production risks and seize emerging opportunities to improve quality, output, safety, and cost
Develop process flow models to analyze production system behavior and synchronize output with other elements of the company
Identify operational challenges within the organization, determine root cause, and develop appropriate solutions
Develop and track key performance measures, and identify decision points and actions to optimize production to meet demand
Actively develop system and process improvements within and between production elements
Collaborate with cross-departmental partners in supply chain, engineering, operations, and accounting groups to synchronize efforts
Capture best practices of production systems, and manage organizational knowledge and lessons-learned

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical, software, industrial engineering or physics.
2 years of professional experience in manufacturing or industrial project management, or 1 years of experience in using Excel, SQL, or PythonR for analysis or modeling dynamic systems

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Proficiency with statistics, data analysis, costbenefit analysis, and visualization
Experience with CAD software, Power BI, and discrete event modeling tools
Experience with inventory, production, and capacity planning (including MRPERP systems)
Experience as an industrial, operations, process or manufacturing engineer in a developmental manufacturing environment
Experience with lean, six sigma, and related production principles
Experience or education in management science and engineering, operations engineering, operations research, or industrial engineering
Experience as a contributor to multi-disciplinary and cross-functional teams
Ability to work in fast-paced, high stress environments
Excellent written and communication skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work extended hours andor weekends as needed to meet major milestones
Must be able to travel - up to 10 work week travel may be required to other sites
This position is based in Brownsville, TX and requires being onsite - remote work not considered

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
Pay range: 
Operations EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Operations EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.