SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
DIRECTOR, GLOBAL PAYMENTS 
As Starlink continues to expand to deliver high-speed, low-latency satellite broadband internet globally, SpaceX is looking for a candidate to join the treasury team as Director, Global Payments.  This role will be responsible for managing payments across different payment types and payment processors throughout the world.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Manage payments for Starlink across different payment types and payment processors in all countries in which Starlink is or will be available
Research and build out alternative payment methods and functionality in new and existing markets
Monitor performance, trends, and opportunities to optimize payments, improve authorization rates, and reduce involuntary churn
Analyze and minimize card processinginterchange fees
Partner with engineering, sales, customer service, and fraud departments, as well as other stakeholders, on payments

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in finance, business, accounting, economics or STEM
12 years of experience in payments, treasury, or finance

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Extensive knowledge of domestic and international payment methods, payment processing, card networks, payment technology and overall global payments industry
Experience with multinational companies and e-commerce businesses
Experience working with large datasets, data analysis, and visualizationreporting tools (SQL preferred) to build dashboards and reports
Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range: 185,000.00 - 230,000.00per year       Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.