


SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
RECEIVING SPECIALIST (STARLINK)
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Acknowledge and take receipt of all incoming materials and packages, identify receipts in ERP system, and sort for transportation to the identified location
Perform receiving inspection verification on incoming components, assemblies, and materials in accordance with certifications, specifications, and conformance to design requirements
Verify all material received for conformity with accompanying paperwork, checking for damage, correct part numbers and quantity as required
Approve or reject items and document inspection results as required
Document production non-conformance occurrences in accordance with prescribed procedures and processes as required
Communicate with internal customers and suppliers to resolve inspection discrepancies
Use electronic MRP system to route parts and components to the proper departments
Take direction from receiving lead andor supervisor
Createprint routing labels and other required identifiers for the receipt of materialpackages
File and maintain records of incoming paperwork
Maintain strict material handling practices in accordance with good practice and procedures
Perform good housekeeping chores in area
Evaluate hazardous receipts, inform the requestor, and organize delivery to an appropriate location for hazardous materials

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of receiving, precision, mechanical, inventory, or electronics inspection experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

3 years of experience in a receiving, inventory or materials management role
Experience in a high-volume manufacturing, aerospace, automotive, or commercial aircraft environment
Ability to read and interpret engineering drawings and specifications
Experience with GDT and use of metrology tools and gauges
Good communication skills and the ability to articulate aerospace hardware and systems problems to technical professionals to initiate resolutions
Experience with the control of nonconforming hardware, failureroot cause analysis, corrective  preventative processes
Experience operating a forklift or other material handling motorized vehicles and equipment
Strong computer skills, including familiarity with the Microsoft suite

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work overtime andor weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines
Must be available for at least one of the following shifts:

1st Shift: 6:30 AM - 3 PM
2nd Shift: 3:30 PM - 12 AM


Must be able to lift up to 25 lbs
Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Must be willing to work in an open-aired environment, lacking temperature controls
Must be able to standwalk for up to 75 of shift time

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:
Receiving Specialist Level 1: 22.00 - 25.00hour
Receiving Specialist Level 2: 24.50 - 29.00hour
Receiving Specialist Level 3: 27.00 - 32.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.


