SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
CUSTOMER SUPPORT ASSOCIATE, BILINGUAL CZECH (STARLINK)  MULTIPLE SHIFTS
Starlink, our revolutionary satellite constellation, will deliver low-latency broadband internet worldwide. As an early member of the Starlink Customer Support team, you will be the face of Starlink to our customers, ensuring they have an exceptional overall experience.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
In this role, you will triage, troubleshoot, and resolve customer issues. You will analyze trends, identify gaps, and design simple, effective support interventions that improve our customers experience. Were looking for excellent problem solvers who move quickly and proactively, and are obsessed with the success of our customers. This role is ideal for someone looking join a scrappy, early-stage Support team and set the tone for how we help our customers.

Triage and resolve customer issues across multiple channels (digital, voice, etc.). Be a relentless internal advocate for the customer within SpaceX
Provide technical support to customers using hardware, software, and network expertise
Surface product, process, and training issues by pairing quantitative and qualitative methods. Be the voice of the customer, in the language of the business
Collaborate with internal teams to create and improve troubleshooting workflows and resolve root cause issues
Create and maintain internal knowledge base and help center collateral

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of experience in a front-lines customer support role
Fluent in Czech and English

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Excellent problem-solving and sleuthing skills. You go beyond just the apparent and available answer and do what it takes to satisfy the customer. You are relentless and own it
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Talking with others comes naturally, you derive satisfaction from resolving their issues, and you can distill complex concepts into the simplest explanations
Excellent empathy, active listening, and resiliency skills. You internalize customer concerns, solve them, and keep it positive
Strong attention to detail and time management skills. You take pride in your craft
Willingness and ability to flex weekend and night shift hours as needed to support our growth
Experience in a training, learning and development, analytics, service design, vendor management, or content management role
Start-up, consulting, or other demonstrated experience in high-growth, fast-paced environment
Technical aptitude - experience with networking, hardware troubleshooting, software development, etc.
Writtenverbal business fluency in Czech

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available to work holidays 
Must be willing to work in-office
Must be available to work 12 hours a day on one or more of the following shifts: 

1st shift: Alternating Weekend Schedule (6AM - 6PM)

Thursday - Sunday
Friday - Sunday


1st shift: Alternating Weekday Schedule (6AM - 6PM)

Monday - Thursday
Monday - Wednesday





COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:             
Pay range:       
Customer Support Associate Level 1: 24.00hour       
Customer Support AssociateLevel 2: 26.50hour       
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.