SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. SOCASIC DFT ENGINEER (SILICON ENGINEERING)
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1.5M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe. 
We are seeking a motivated, proactive, and intellectually curious engineer who will work alongside world-class cross-disciplinary teams (systems, firmware, architecture, design, validation, product engineering, ASIC implementation). In this role, you will be developing cutting-edge next-generation ASICs for deployment in space and ground infrastructures around the globe. These chips are enabling connectivity in places it has previously not been available, affordable or reliable. Your efforts will help deliver cutting-edge solutions that will expand the performance and capabilities of the Starlink network.   
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Responsible for evaluating design readiness for scan insertion through RTL and physical design Scan Design Rule Check (DRC) tools
Integration and verification of Design for Test (DFT) fabrics and IP within Subsystems
Running and evaluating scan insertion through synthesis tools and refining scan insertion recipe for maximum coverage
Run ATPG (Automatic Test Pattern Generation) analysis to ensure quality scan chain construction and meeting basic coverage goals
Run and debug non-timing and SDF annotated gate level simulations
Creating ATPG content for use in post-silicon testing and validating that content through gate level simulation
Collaborate with circuit physical design team, ATPG team and manufacturing team to facilitate high quality scan coverage in silicon

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering or computer science
1 of experience working with ASICs
Experience in scan insertion and DFT setup, integration and validation

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Understanding of ASIC design flow, methodologies, physical design, and verification
RTL experience to understand, trace and debug RTL connectivity issues as they pertain to DFT
Ability to solve complex problems including clock domain crossings and power optimization
Experience with UPF (unified power format), formal verification, and DRC rule checking experience
Familiar with advanced silicon process and technology nodes for high speed and low power consumption
Experience with high reliability design and implementations
Excellent scripting skills (cshbash, Perl, Python etc.)
Familiar with implementation or integration of design blocks using VerilogSystemVerilog
Ability to work in a dynamic environment with changing needs and requirements
Team-player, can-do attitude, and ability to work well in a group environment while still contributing on an individual basis
Enjoys being challenged and learning new skills

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:        Pay range:    DFT EngineerSenior: 160,000.00 - 220,000.00per year     Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.