SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
STRUCTURES ENIGNEER (STARSHIP)
The Structures (Mechanisms) Engineer will be responsible for driving design, analysis and validation of mechanism systems and actuators across Starship and Super Heavy vehicles. These mechanisms span across the multiple use cases for these vehicles including propellant delivery, the human moon lander, thrust vector control and beyond. In order to enable rapid reusability of thousands of vehicles, mechanical systems will need to be greatly simpler, more reliable, and easier to manufacture. The role will serve to both improve existing systems while also helping to shape and design the next generation.  
RESPONSIBILTIES:

Drive architecture and development of mechanical systems across the vehicle
Partner with peer design teams such as avionics, power systems, and structures to deliver integrated systems optimized for packaging, build, and operations
Conduct design reviews with stakeholders and customers
Manage on-site integration support and implement integration feedback into the design.
Diagnose and operate on vehicle mechanisms during ground testing and flight.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical or aerospace engineering
2 years of experience analyzing, designing, building and testing complex systems

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Consistent record of exceptional personal achievements and contributions that have supported career progression to-date
Strong innovative systems design experience
Strong demonstrated CAD and FEA skills
Prior experience leading and mentoring engineers
Experience designing and validating large metallic structures
Strong interpersonal and organizational skills
Experience as a successful technical project lead in a fast-paced team environment
Understanding of design considerations including: Design for rapid manufacturability, design of tests, weld joint and allowable development, corrosion resistance, and inspection techniques

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work extended hoursweekends as needed
Flight hardware may be built in tight quarters; physical dexterity is required
Must be able to travel frequently to Starbase, TX

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:
Pay Range:Structures EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearStructures EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year 
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.