SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MANAGER, INTERNATIONAL ACCOUNTING (LATAM)
As the company expands its international footprint and provides Starlink (our revolutionary satellite low-latency broadband internet) across the globe, we are seeking an experienced Manager, International Accounting to support the LATAM and Caribbean regions. The Manager, International Accounting will play a key role in defining and scaling accounting, reporting and statutory compliance activities to support the international growth in the region and at SpaceX generally.
Starlink provides satellite internet coverage to over 60 countries around the world.  Its mission is to deliver global internet access, and it is ideally suited to support rural and geographically isolated areas where internet connectivity is unreliable or nonexistent.  Based in Hawthorne, CA and reporting to the Senior Manager, Accounting, this role will be responsible for managing the audit process and financial reporting obligations across the LATAM and Caribbean regions.  The ideal candidate will have experience in a multinational environment, including audits, and is a flexible individual who is prepared to support the rapid growth of Starlink as the global broadband business matures.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Coordinate preparation, review and filing of statutory financial statements for LATAM and Caribbean entities, and other entities as assigned
Prepare monthly, quarterly and annual financials as required for local statutory compliance
Partner with local service providers as needed to review and coordinate international statutory filings, including bridging statutory financial and tax books to U.S. GAAP
Partner with Accounts Payable and Treasury to ensure invoices are recorded and paid on the correct entities records
Collaborate with tax team and local service providers to meet international regulatory and tax compliance needs, including VATGST
Develop global accounting policies and procedures to satisfy US and foreign compliance requirements
Complete assigned elements of the accounting close process for international entities
Prepare andor review monthly journal entries, balance sheet reconciliations, and flux analysis for international entities, as assigned
Partner with Tax team to record intercompany entries (transfer pricing) and reconcile intercompany balances
Establish intercompany elimination and multi-level consolidation rules and record monthly consolidation and intercompany elimination entries
Establish and strengthen policies and procedures, internal financial controls and other related documentation as needed
Identify opportunities for process improvements and implement solutions
Other ad-hoc projects as directed

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in accounting, finance, business or STEM
8 years of experience in accounting within global organizations, including at least 3 years in a managerial capacity
Experience with intercompany transactions, consolidations, foreign currency translation, andor statutory reporting compliance requirements
Bilingual in Spanish

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

High level understanding of both US GAAP and international accounting standards (IFRS or other local accounting standards)
Certified Public Accountant with Big 4 experience
Excellent technical, analytical, and communication skills, both written and verbal
Experience and a desire to work in dynamic and face paced environment that demands creativity and flexibility
Experience with MS Dynamics 365 or other ERP accounting systems
Proficient computer skills, particularly with Excel
Ability to analyze high volume of transactionsdata
SQL experience

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:             
Pay range:          
Manager: 130,000.00 - 180,000.00per year   
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.         
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.