SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MECHANICAL ENGINEER, INSOURCE MANUFACTURING (STARLINK)
SpaceX is developing a low latency, broadband internet system to meet the needs of consumers across the globe. Enabled by a constellation of low Earth orbit satellites, Starlink will provide fast, reliable internet to populations with little or no connectivity, including those in rural communities and places where existing services are too expensive or unreliable.
Working directly in the materials engineering group, this position is responsible for the design, build and activation of custom machines critical to the production of the Starlink product line. You will personally own high impact projects and drive them from concept to completion on a time scale measured in months, not years. You will get hands-on and build the things you design to create the factory of the future for high volume, highly automated user terminal production. The correct individual will bring an open mindset, challenge the status quo with regards to traditional vs. emerging technologies and utilize a logical and disciplined approach to evaluate and select the correct set of solutions.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Design and develop structures, mechanisms and automation equipment to enable high volume production of Starlink user terminals
Demonstrate extreme ownership of projects through their entire lifecycle, from initial concept generation through fabrication and production bring-up
Balance simultaneous projects of varying scope and complexity in a fast-paced environment
Collaborate with design teams to develop the product and production processes in parallel and ensure production success
Solve complex, open-ended problems with an emphasis on speed of execution and efficiency
Hone your organizational skills as you coordinate with internal SpaceX resources and external vendors and maintain a project schedule and budget
Assemble and commission the equipment you design

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical, manufacturing, materials, or other engineering discipline
1 years of experience with high precision machining

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience with custom machine design including electromechanical systems, end-of-arm tooling, motors, actuators, linear rails, bearings, liftingrigging, etc.
Prior work experience with structural analysis
Experience designing mechanical systems using 3D CAD software and 2D drawings
Experience applying common manufacturing and machining processes where it applies to design (such as welding, machining, assembly, inspection, etc.)
Experience sizing basic mechanical components and structures
Solid understanding of drafting standards and demonstrated experience of applying GDT
Solid understanding of common manufacturing processes and machines including mills, lathes, manual and CNC, and hands-on machining experience
Experience with Siemens Unigraphics (UGSNX) and Teamcenter CADPDM systems
Experience with FEA and structures hand calculations

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to travel to other SpaceX sites andor vendors for significantextended periods of time (30 travel normally, more during urgent manufacturing and test campaigns)
Ability to lift up to 25Ibs unassisted
Standingwalking for long periods of time
Willingness to work long hours and weekends as necessary to accommodate manufacturing and test campaigns

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              
Pay range:
Mechanical EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Mechanical EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

 To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.