SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEER (NEPA)
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Responsible for applying and ensuring National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) compliance
Research, analyze, and summarize applicable NEPA coordination requirements for various projects
Prepare, revise, and review NEPA-related technical documents, including:

Categorical Exclusions
Environmental Assessments
Environmental Impact Statement
Biological Assessments


Interpret and integrate various technical studies into NEPA documentation
Collect and analyze data to support the preparation of environmental documents
Prepare and develop coordination efforts pursuant to Section 106 of the NHPA, DOT Section 4(f), Section 7 and Section 10 of the Endangered Species Act.
Develop, manage, and implement current or future environmental mitigation andor monitoring plans that may result from a NEPA coordination
Provide guidance to project leads on NEPA-related guidelines and facilitate coordination on new projects
Develop project schedules and meet deadlines in accordance with project schedules
Preparation of environmental permits, which could include air, wastewater, stormwater, and wetland, permits

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree
3 years of experience with environmental and NEPA planning

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

Bachelors degree in an environmental management, engineering or planning related field
Demonstrated strong propensity for document preparation and attention to detail in either academic or career pursuits. 
Experience with Federal Aviation Administration, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and Department of Defense NEPA regulations and processes
Experience in the preparation or coordination of environmental studies such as air, noise, cultural resources or natural resources to support NEPA coordination
Working knowledge of Clean Water Act, Endangered Species Act, National Preservation Act, Section 4(f) and other state and federal environmental laws and regulations
Strong knowledge and experience in interpreting, applying and documenting federal, state and local safety; Department of Transportation, and environmental regulations
Knowledge of area-specific federal and state environmental laws and regulations required, as they apply to the Aerospace industry
Ability to multi-task, prioritizing multiple projects at once, and follow through with a project until completion with minimal oversight
Strong organizational skills and ability to document and manage key project details is essential
Strong verbal and written communication skills is required and the ability to lead and organize large meetings
Excellent document delivery skill, report organization and technical editing is required.
Experience using Windows operating systems and Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing to work extended hours when necessary
Ability to travel for to various locations included but not limited to: Florida, California, Texas
Ability to travel internationally if required
Ability to pass Air Force background check for Cape Canaveral
Position is subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:
Environmental EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearEnvironmental EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.