SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. ANALYST, PAYMENT RISK  FRAUD 
SpaceX is looking for a Senior Analyst, Payment Risk  Fraud with experience in payment risk and fraud to work on risk-based processes and procedures to minimize payment fraud and chargebacks related to Starlink payments across numerous countries, currencies, payment types, processors and banks as Starlink continues to expand to deliver high-speed, low-latency satellite broadband internet globally. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Monitor, identity, review and investigate transactions for fraudulentsuspicious activity, including assessing trends and patterns of fraud and chargebacks
Analyze large amounts of data from numerous internal and external sources, and prepare necessary reports and analysis on fraudulent activities and chargebacks
Perform reconciliations as needed
Implementing risk-based policies and procedures to mitigate fraud and chargebacks 
Coordinate necessary administration work related to payment fraud, chargebacks and other disputes with relevant internal and external parties 
Liaison with and provide support and guidance to the customer service team regarding chargeback, authorization and other customer dispute issues related to payments

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree
5 years in the payments industry working on fraudchargebacksdisputes

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Knowledge of merchant dispute process and prior chargeback dispute experience
Experience working with large datasets and various data analysis tool such as SQL and visualizationreporting tools to build dashboards and reports
Knowledge and experience with fraud management tools and software
Experience with international payments and working with multiple payment processing platforms
Strong research, analytical, investigative and communications skills
Multinational experience dealing with risk and fraud across multiple countries  regions across the world in e-commerce setting
Knowledge of and experience working with third party vendors related to payment risk and fraud mitigation tools

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

This position is based in Hawthorne, CA and requires being onsite - remote work not considered
Willingness to work long hours and weekend when needed to meet critical deadlines

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:                     
Pay range:      
Sr. Analyst: 110,000.00 - 145,000.00per year                   
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.