SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
LAUNCH QUALITY INSPECTOR - 2ND SHIFT
Our quality inspectors are responsible for being the last line of defense in assuring mission success. You will perform in-process inspections and verify that all key performance and design characteristics are met or exceeded during test preparation and acceptance testing. You will be working hands on with the most cutting-edge rocket technology currently available and will be part of history. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Perform inspections (in-process and final) on structural and propulsion components and subassemblies (mechanical, electrical, electro- mechanical, pneumatic, and hydraulic)
Inspect, verify, and proactively support structures and propulsion development and acceptance testing; assure adherence to design, specification, and testing requirements  
Document production and test anomalies in accordance with prescribed procedures and process as required  
Communicate and help resolve quality related issues as they relate to the site and other SpaceX locations
Process non-conforming product  
Routinely observe technical operations and offer guidance andor serve as an additional technical resource  
Determine manufacturing compliance to NASA and customer, as well as internal, specifications to meet launch and mission requirements 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of inspection experience in an aerospace, military or manufacturing environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Associate degree or higher in quality, engineering, or related field 
Airframe and powerplant license (AP)
Knowledge of quality assurance principles, methods, and processes 
Knowledge of avionics and electrical systems 
Knowledge of aerospace propulsion and principles 
Knowledge of aerospace structures 
Knowledge of ground support equipment (GSE) systems and general associated equipment 
Strong knowledge and experience in aerospace standards and its general practices 
Intermediate level skill with Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook) 
Intermediate level skill with Windows operating systems

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to pass Air Force background check for Cape Canaveral
Ability to work the 2nd shift: 4:00pm - 2:30am 
Ability to climb ladders and work in tight spaces  
Willing to work overtime as needed

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:Pay range: Launch Quality InspectorLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hourLaunch Quality InspectorLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hourLaunch Quality InspectorLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.