SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TRANSPORT LOGISTICS SPECIALIST (FALCON)
The Transport Logistics Specialist will coordinate Flight Hardware  Ground Support Equipment (GSE) load  ship scheduling, inventory  transports. Tasks will be geared towards supporting production rate  launch manifests while maintaining a safe, team driven work environment as we work towards manned missions and Mars.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Coordinates the transport of flight hardware (Falcon 1st2nd stage, Fairings, Payload Attachment Fittings, Dragon Capsules, etc.), equipment and vehicles interfacing with manufacturing, engineering, mission management, and outside transportation vendors to ensure timely delivery
Utilizes master schedules to coordinate resources ensuring teams and transport hardwareequipment are available
Reviews relevant transportation documentation prior to departure to ensure transport strategy is in proper order for flight vehicle transport (permits, height checklist, prepost trip). Implements contingency plans to mitigate risk
Assists in transport readiness of transport equipment as necessary
Assists with managing, maintaining, repairing  acceptance testing of transport equipment and material needed for operational success
Travels with the assigned flight module at times
Develops, documents, and coordinates work instructions with logistics management teams to ensure efficient packaging of flight vehicles, modules, and equipment maintenance
Assists in the development and implementation of annual and long-term technical, schedule, quality, business, and financial objectives for logistic activities and participates in the development of overall annual and long-term objectives
Make recommendations to Logistics Management to improve the health, timing, and safety of all movements
Communicates with internal teams and suppliers
Continuously generates ideas to improve our systems and processes

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
3 years of experience of experience with scheduling, process planning, project management, oversize load transport, inventory management or maintenance operations within an aerospace or manufacturing environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in engineering, business, or supply chain
Experience with ERP systems for receiving, maintenance, inventory or work order systems
Knowledge of DOT (Department of Transportation) regulations and CFR (code of federal regulations)
Ability to maintain a positive working attitude during stressful working conditions
Team oriented and driven work ethic to contribute to continuous improvements
Knowledge of onsite and offsite transportation requirements, including over the road shipping
Experience operating heavy equipment such as forklifts, man lifts, etc.
Advanced skills with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Strong communication skills (verbal and written)
Experience working in a challenging and fast pace environment
Valid hazmat certification

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available to work all shifts, overtime, and weekends as needed based on operational needs; flexibility required
Must be available to travel 25-50 of the time
Valid drivers license
Ability to work at elevated heights
General physical fitness is required for some work areas; flight hardware typically is built in tight quarters and physical dexterity is required
Physical effort including standing, lifting and carrying light weight such as materials or equipment (up to 25 lbs. unassisted)
Typically exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain
Work performed in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise
Ability to pass Space Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Transport Logistics SpecialistLevel 1: 23-31Transport Logistics SpecialistLevel 2: 28-37Transport Logistics SpecialistLevel 3: 33-43
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.