SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. DESIGN RELIABILITY ENGINEER
The SpaceX engineering teams tackle space explorations toughest problems through the development of our reusable launch vehicles (Falcon 9, Falcon Heavy) and spacecraft (Crew  Cargo Dragon). These vehicles are responsible for delivering satellites into orbit, crew and cargo to the ISS, and they will be instrumental in extending humanitys reach to the moon, Mars and beyond.
The design criteria  reliability team is responsible for ensuring that flight hardware and operations lead to successful completion of missions while meeting or exceeding design requirements. We perform a unique engineering role, evaluating and guiding engineering designs from concept to flight. We facilitate cross-disciplinary action and solve problems across all SpaceX programs.
You do not need to meet 100 of the preferred qualifications to be considered. We encourage anyone who meets the basic qualifications and is interested in the role to apply  we are looking for enthusiastic, dedicated people to join our team, and want the opportunity to talk to you!
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop design criteria, requirements, and verification approaches for new systems
Setup novel processes to enable unprecedented, aircraft-like operations of launch vehicles and spacecraft.
Drive improvements to vehicle design through close integration with hardware owners and vehicle operators
Review vehicle changes to ensure all hardware and operations are qualified
Develop specialized design and analysis tools for other engineering groups
Ensure that the SpaceX design process  design criteriarequirements are being followed for all flight, launch, and recovery systems

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
5 years professional experience in a hardware development or ownership role

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in an engineering discipline.
Experience with aircraft, launch vehicles, spacecraft, or other aerospace systems.
Experience with electromechanical system design, analysis, testing, and fabrication for use in high-performance or safety critical applications.
Hands on experience with various industry standard manufacturing tools, techniques and processes, including mills, lathes, electronics assembly, composite layup, etc.
Experience with at least one commercial FEA package (NASTRAN, ABAQUS, or ANSYS)
Experience evaluating fatiguefracture with industry-standard tools (i.e. NASGRO, nCode)
Scripting and data analysis experience using Visual Basic, Matlab, Python or Excel

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available to work long hours and weekends as necessary

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              
Pay Range:         
Design Reliability EngineerSenior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year           
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.   
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.