SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
FACILITIES ENGINEER, MEP 
As a member of the Construction Projects Team, you will work with engineers across multiple disciplines to design, build, and activate infrastructure that will enable SpaceX to achieve its long-term mission. This team is responsible for the delivery of large capital projects to various internal customer groups across the company. This position is based out of the Austin area. Travel may accompany this role, and based on business needs, opportunities to work at other SpaceX facilities may occur in the future.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Lead the project team, consulting engineers and contractors throughout the entirety of the MEP engineering, procurement, construction, and commissioning process
Develop and issue drawings, design documentation, and reports for aerospace, industrial, and commercial type projects
Write, negotiate, and manage construction contracts with subcontractors across multiple disciplines through contract close-out
Resolve design and construction conflicts in the field in real time
Coordinate with electrical utility provider for designengineering to ensure reliable power service to critical site infrastructure
Interact with engineers, contractors, fabricators, and project stakeholders

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, or other engineering discipline
3 years of professional experience with the design or build of MEP building systems

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Primary experience with electrical and power distribution systems (600Vac)
Knowledge of HVAC operation and design principles including refrigeration, chillers, boilers, and air handling equipment
Experience with plumbing design and operation including domestic water, waste water, venting, and storm systems
Working knowledge of deltawye transformers, building lighting, building construction specifications, and facility grounding
Experience with critical power infrastructure including UPS systems, backup generators, and automatic transfer switches
Experience creating and implementing processdesign solutions with minimal impact to business operations
Able to quickly assess an issue and assist technicians with troubleshooting and repair
Ability to work in a high-concentration, high-stress environment, under possible extended work hours and tight deadlines
Acute attention to detail, ability to see interactions with other systems to avoid problems
AutoCADRevit  Beginner to intermediate skill level
Familiarity with National Electric Code, ASHRAE, National Fire Protection Association, and International Building Code

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Perform hands-on work in all environments (heat, cold, rain), in tight quarters or at heights
Must be able to work extended hours and weekends as needed
Remain focused while working in hazardous environments, while wearing appropriate PPE
Must be able to lift up to 25lbs unassisted
Must be able to travel to other SpaceX sites as needed (up to 25)

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Facilities EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    Facilities EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.   
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.