SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
AP TECHNICIAN (STARSHIP)
 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 


Stage, set up, assemble, test and install flight hardware
Use precision calibrated tools  torque wrenches, micrometers and calipers
Hands on operations with both large and small fragile assemblies
Read and interpret blue prints
Perform work according to procedures, specifications, and test instructions.
Use various mechanical tools without instruction
Collaborate with production engineers to develop and document activities.
Ensure all production services are performed on time, safely and in a professional manner
Perform other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment
Perform hydro and pneumatic testing


BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:


High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of professional experience in an aerospace, aviation, automotive andor manufacturing environment


PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:


AP certification
3 years of professional experience as a technician with propulsion systems
2 years of relevant professional experience interpreting technical data and using manual and powered tool
Experience in the aerospace industry, aviation, military or other high-reliability operating environment
Experience with forklifts, cranes and heavy equipment
Knowledge of pressure, temperature and flow measurement devices, mechanical and electrical systems, and propulsion engines
Skill in operating and manipulating machinery and various hand and power tools requiring manual dexterity
A demonstrated ability in readingunderstanding technical drawings, manuals and reports
Ability to use precision measuring instruments
Ability to work effectively in a team environment
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment


ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:


Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, and weekends as needed
Must be able to lift at least 25 lbs unassisted
Must be able to climb ladders and work in tight spaces
Must be willing to travel up to 5
Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg


COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
 
Pay range: 
Level 1: 18.00hour
Level 2: 23.00hour
Level 3: 28.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.