SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
DEVELOPMENT TECHNICIAN (STARLINK)
SpaceX is developing a low latency, broadband internet system to meet the needs of consumers across the globe. Enabled by a constellation of low Earth orbit satellites, Starlink will provide fast, reliable internet to populations with little or no connectivity, including those in rural communities and places where existing services are too expensive or unreliable. The Starlink RD team is responsible for the fabrication and assembly of prototype development, production tooling and automation equipment for the rapidly growing Starlink consumer electronics business. Technicians work closely with the engineering team to support high impact projects to grow the Starlink device assembly line from development to the highest volume production system at SpaceX on a rapid timeline.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Fabricate piece parts to print using machine shop equipment: mill, lathe, etc.
Assemble Starlink consumer electronics production equipment to print, including on-assembly fabrication operations
Assemble complex integrated assemblies that may include mechanical assembly, high and low voltage wiring, or pneumatics
Maintain and run the tooling development lab including shop workflow, tidiness, and inventory
Promote 5S principles of organizing and sustaining efficient and presentable team work spaces

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
3 years of experience in mechanical fabrication (component assembly, welding, machining, hand tools, etc.)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Able to read mechanical and engineering drawings and interpret tolerances (including GDT)
Able to read and interpret fluid or electrical schematics
Knowledgeexperience with electromechanical systems (harness wiring, stepper motors, solenoids, etc.)
Knowledgeexperience with fluid and pneumatic connections
Able to work independently and problem solve efficiently with minimal supervision
Positive attitude and able to work well on a team
Willingness to provide constructive feedback to the engineering and production teams to improve tooling designs, processes and parts
Able to stay organized with strong attention to detail
Proficient computer skills; comfortable with using email and the Microsoft Office suite

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Physical effort including standing, lifting, and carrying equipment up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Must be available to work extended hours and some weekends

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:                      
Pay range:          
Development TechnicianLevel 1: 23.00 - 31.00hour 
Development Technician Level 2: 28.00 - 37.00hour
Development Technician Level 3: 33.00 - 43.00hour                     
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k)-retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.                          
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.