SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SOFTWARE ENGINEER (STARSHIELD)
Starshield leverages SpaceXs Starlink technology and launch capability to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads.
The Starshield software team is building highly reliable in-space mesh networks, designing secure systems to guarantee access to space, designing next-gen communication and sensing software, and more. Aerospace experience is not required to be successful here - we want our engineers to bring fresh ideas from all areas. We look for engineers who love solving problems and seek to make an impact on an inspiring mission. As we expand this team, were looking for versatile, motivated, and collaborative engineers. 
Our team is involved in designing the vehicle systems at every phase of development. We build tools that enable us to work more efficiently, and that help us build software systems that are secure, reliable, and autonomous. Our software engineers are responsible for the life cycle of the software they create, including development, testing, and operational support.  
An active Top Secret security clearance, or ability to obtain one, is desired but not required.  
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Create highly reliable software systems that control hundreds of satellites in low earth orbit
Leverage software design to improve satellite constellation performance, security, and availability to meet the needs of a wide range of users
See your software through from start to finish: from figuring out the core needs to prototyping, developing, and testing; to on-orbit rollout and beyond
Work with interdisciplinary teams to brainstorm, design, and build the next generation of satellite capabilities, from cutting-edge sensors and inter-satellite lasers to space-based cloud compute

There are several roles within the Starshield software team with different focus areas. Applicants will interview for specific focus areas based on hiring needs and qualifications. Specific role responsibilities may include: 

Write high quality Linux-based C software for common processors and micro controllers (e.g. ARM, PowerPC, x86, etc.) 
Implement networking technologies to direct data across a variety of satellites, ground operations centers, and users 
Build automated ground-based software systems that integrate smart data processing with command and control of the satellites
Develop models and simulations for flight-like vehicle software testing, network performance analysis, or research  development projects
Develop tools that allow for test execution across multiple environments: virtualized hardware, real hardware-in-the-loop, and even vehicle-in-the-loop testing 
Invent new systems that enable more frequent and reliable software deployment, test execution, and data analysis as part of a continuous integration and release system  

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or STEM discipline; OR 2 years of professional experience in software development in lieu of a degree
Development experience in C, C, or Python or full stack software development experience 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Developed and deployed software that has been used real-world applications and projects 
Solid fundamental knowledge of computer architecture and networks 
Strong skills in debugging, performance optimization and unit testing 
Ability to work effectively and creatively in a dynamic environment with changing needs and requirements 
Ability to work independently and in a team, take initiative, and communicate effectively 
Ability to obtain and maintain a Top Secret or Top Secret SCI clearance

Some preferred skills and experience depend on the specific team within flight software and may include: 

Experience with networking protocols (TCP, UDP, etc) 
Experience developing in the Linux kernel 
Experience in C for high performance systems 
Experience with image data processing and machine learning 
Strong background in math and physics 

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Note that an active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions; if so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing
Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay Range:    Software EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    Software EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year      Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here. 

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence, and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 