SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SOC PHYSICAL VERIFICATION ENGINEER (SILICON ENGINEERING)

At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1.5M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe. 


The Starlink modem team is seeking motivated, proactive, and intellectually curious engineers who can work with world-class cross-disciplinary teams (firmware, architecture, design, validation, product engineering and ASIC implementation). In this role, you will implement system algorithms and silicon solutions for cutting-edge communication systems for deployment in space and ground infrastructures. These systems are enabling connectivity in places it has previously not been available, affordable or reliable. Your efforts will help deliver cutting-edge solutions that will expand the performance and capabilities of the Starlink network.   

RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Develop and support block and full chip automated physical verification (PV) flows and scripts
Perform block and full chip physical verification and work with physical design (PD) team to close design issues
Execute SOC GDSII integration, seal ring addition and tapeout collateral generation to send to the foundry
Work closely with semiconductor foundries on installation, maintenance of process design kits (PDKs) for SOC physical design teams
Be the bridge between physical design team and the foundry, doing PV electronic design automation (EDA) tool support across all silicon projects

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering or computer science
2 years of experience working with block or full chip physical verification, voltage drop andor powersignal electromigration analysis

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience in industry standard physical verification EDA tools
Experience in developing block and full chip physical verification flows for Design Rule Check (DRC)Layout Versus Schematic (LVS)Antenna (ANT)Electrical Rule Check (ERC)Design for Manufacturing (DFM)Electrostatic Discharge (ESD) etc.
Experience in top-level integration of connectivity, system bus, peripherals and CPU IP 
Experience in ASIC physical design and strong experience in mixed-signal IP integration
Proficiency in writing Linux shell scripts and general programming (e.g., Perl, shell, TCL andor Python)
Experience working with foundry, installing PDKs, libraries, IPs and setting up design environments for PD teams
Strong knowledge of deep sub-micron FinFET technology nodes (7nm and below)
Self-driven individual with a can-do attitude, and an ability to work in a dynamic group environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to travel when needed (typically 10)

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Physical Verification EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year
Physical Verification EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.