SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
INTEGRATION TECHNICIAN (MERLIN)
The Integration Technician is responsible for the assembly, integration and build of the thrust structure comprising the engines, to the fuel stage. The task requires both avionics and mechanical integration skills along with pneumatic and avionics checkout activity. In short, its the final integration of the first and second stage of the Falcon 9 rocket, which was designed from the outset to deliver humans into space.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Stage, set up, assemble, test and install flight hardware
Use precision calibrated tools  torque wrenches, micrometers and calipers
Hands on operations with both large and small fragile assemblies
Read and interpret blue prints
Perform work according to procedures, specifications, and test instructions
Use various mechanical tools without instruction
Collaborate with production engineers to develop and document activities
Ensure all production services are performed on time, safely and in a professional manner
Perform other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment
Perform hydro and pneumatic testing

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of experience with propulsion, avionics or automotive hardware installation

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience in the aerospace industry, aviation, military or other high-volume operating environment preferred
A demonstrated ability in readingunderstanding technical drawings, manuals and reports
Ability to use precision measuring instruments
Experience with forklifts, cranes and heavy equipment is a plus
Knowledge of pressure, temperature and flow measurement devices, mechanical and electrical systems, and propulsion engines
Skill in operating and manipulating machinery and various hand and power tools requiring manual dexterity
Ability to work effectively in a team environment
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, andor weekends as needed. Nominal hours: 1st shift (5:00 AM  3:30 PM)  2nd shift (3:30 PM  2:00 AM)
Must be able to lift at least 25 lbs. unassisted
Must be able to climb ladders and work in tight spaces

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Integration TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 27.00hourIntegration TechnicianLevel 2: 25.00 - 32.50hourIntegration TechnicianLevel 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour        
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.       
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.