SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PORTER - TEMPORARY POSITION
As a Porter at SpaceX, you will be interacting with our guests (employees), fellow staff members, and management staff in our private restaurant in a polite courteous manner. You will also help with restocking supplies and other duties assigned by kitchen management.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Demonstrate sanitation and food safety practices consistently
Help evaluate receiving spaces to ensure a safe and secure environment
Complete daily, weekly, and monthly tasks timely and accurately
Follow company safety standards at all times and looks out for the safety of other team members and guests
Coordinate job duties around other opening team members to help ensure efficient preparation for opening
Put food order away accurately, rotate stock in cooler, freezer, and dry storage area using the first in-first out (FIFO) method while monitoring shelf life and code dates
Maintain a basic working knowledge of the operation of all the equipment in the restaurant
Complete other miscellaneous tasks as assigned by the manager on duty

POSITION DETAILS:
This is a TEMPORARY position with SpaceX, for the length of time as stated, and is subject to change with minimal notice as business needs dictate.

LENGTH OF POSITION: 6 months (permanent hire conversion is possible based on performance and business need)
LOCATION: Bastrop, Texas

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate 
1 years of either restaurant experience, warehouse experience, andor customer service experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Restaurant experience
Porter experience
Inventory experience
Self-motivated and works well with others
Current and valid food handler card or equivalent

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to carry large heavy items unassisted such as large packages, dishes in tubs, or trays (up to 45 lbs.)
Ability to stand for long periods of time  up to 8-10 hours a day
Willingness to work all shifts and available for overtime and weekends as needed
Frequent bending, stooping, and lifting of objects

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range: 
PorterLevel 1: 18.50hour
PorterLevel 2: 20.50hour
 
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for potential discretionary bonuses. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, and various other discounts and perks. You will also be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.