SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
CUSTOMS ANALYST
As a Customs Analyst, you will help the Global Trade Compliance (GTC) Customs team and Starlink business manage global customs requirements and third-party relationships, primarily focused on import costs, data, and documentation.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Help manage all aspects of SpaceXs importexportcustoms requirements, including relations with internal stakeholders and external partners.
Review and approve invoices from import partners and manage internal processes to expedite payments for services, duties, and other fees to ensure efficiency in the import process
Gather and compile data necessary for customs reviews, audits, forecasting, and budgeting purposes
Support GTC in maintaining and analyzing customs records and information
Work across multiple departments including operations, finance, procurement, and legal to effectively onboard international brokers and issue quarterly purchase orders
Assist with import-related data tracking and reporting obligations
Support legal and tax teams in various other activities related to customs compliance and the payment of import duty andor tax

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree or foreign equivalent from an accredited school
1 years of experience in the compliance field, managing international cost andor data, or issuing purchase orders

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Knowledge of the international flow of goods
Prior experience with international import-related transactions
Prior experience working in a legal or finance department

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:
Customs AnalystLevel I: 75,000 - 95,000per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.