SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. LAUNCH BUILD RELIABILITY ENGINEER:
The Build Reliability organization at SpaceX is an inclusive, inter-disciplinary team that is committed to the reliability of flight  ground components and promotes efficient and reliable operational processes. Your breadth of exposure as a Build Reliability Engineer will be immense as you collaborate with other core groups at SpaceX, guiding the hardware from design to production, operation, and maintenance. You use data to understand the factors that drive reliability, and support quality objectives in design and development teams to drive improvements in reliability in manufacturing, test and flight. You have the ability to dive deep into the details to identify, understand and solve difficult technical problems and also utilize a system level approach to prioritize issues for the vehicle as a whole. You thrive in a hands-on environment and will spend time in the office, on the factory floor, and in the lab to execute on the mission to make humanity interplanetary. You will partner with Flight Reliability, Launch Engineering, and Launch Operations teams at SpaceX to ensure mission success as SpaceX marches towards crewed spaceflight and Mars colonization. You will also have the opportunity to work on diverse projects including our Falcon 9, Dragon and Starship programs.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Reliably launch astronauts and other payloads by ensuring vehicle, payload and spacecraft processing is efficiently designed and executed. Interact with the various disciplines responsible for the development and build of Falcon 9, Dragon, Starship, etc. and launch pad systems to ensure optimized process health
Develop, implement and validate lean test and inspection processes for new and existing products and processes, ensuring that criteria are objective and that quality goals are consistently met
Support the shop floor in continuous improvement and the advancing of a lean, autonomous production system through creation of standard reworkrepair guides, removal of redundant or unnecessary inspection, and improved control and optimization of critical processes
Identify high-risk processes and problems during vehicle processing or refurbishment, and proactively implement improvements to these processes to ensure operational excellence. Identify opportunities for risk reduction and removal of complexity in designs and processes to improve manufacturabilitymaintenance, collaborating with integrated product teams to drive improvements and address high-impact and repeating non-conformances
Investigate failures in production, test and flight, identifying and mitigating the immediate and underlying root causes in order to reduce risk and improve reliability of designs and processes
Maintain a feedback loop to drive hardware inputs that enable a reliable and rapid launch cadence; using data to make the quality landscape transparent and drive prioritization of resolving high impact issues
Participate in preliminary design review (PDR)critical design review (CDR) and work with design reliability to ensure design for quality (DFQ), design for manufacturability (DFM), risk quantificationmitigation, and that appropriate test validation methods and inspection techniques, including nondestructive evaluation methods have been considered

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

Bachelors degree in an engineering or STEM discipline (e.g. physics, chemistry, computer science, mathematics)
5 years in a manufacturing, quality andor design engineering role

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

Experience in a manufacturing environment with knowledge of processes, controls, and inspection methods
Knowledge of quality tools such as Lean principles, Six Sigma, root cause analysis and corrective action, advanced product quality planning (APQP), metrology, process failure mode and effects analysis (PFMEA), control plans, and various problem solving approaches
Dedicated to adopting a lean approach to quality without compromising safety or reliability
Strong interpersonal and collaborative skills, enthusiasm for the teams spirit of innovation and mission of improving reliability in cutting-edge technology
Experience developing or supporting any of the following productsprocesses:

Complex mechanicalstructural assemblies
Testing  automation
Advanced composites systems  repairs
Fluid componentvalve assemblytesting
NDE techniques  appropriate usage
Avionics integration  system level testing
Fluid system pressure testing



ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Ability to pass Air Force background check for Cape Canaveral
Available to work extended hours, nights, and weekends when required by mission milestones

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:Pay range:Senior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per yearYour actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.