SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SOFTWARE ENGINEER (STARLINK)
At SpaceX, were leveraging our experience building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe.
As a Software Engineer on the Starlink program, you will solve challenges underpinning every aspect of the programs growth. The areas you could have an impact on could include, but are not limited to, building:

Next-generation networking technologies to direct data through an ever-changing network of satellites, ground stations, and users.
Firmware, embedded and controls software running on custom hardware that flies the worlds largest fleet of spacecraft.
Infrastructure and tools to enable rapid development and reliable deployment of our code to dynamic production environments.
Measurement system software and hardware, supporting our in-house RF Silicon designs.

Our software engineers are responsible for the complete lifecycle of the software they create, including development, testing, and support.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop highly reliable and available software systems for our low latency, high capacity satellite-based global software-defined network.
Design and implement a highly available, fault-tolerant network that operates for long periods of time with minimal maintenance at scale.
Participate in architecture, design, and code reviews.
Develop prototypes to prove out key design concepts and quantify technical constraints.
Collaborate with other engineers to plan and organize the development of our products.

There are several sub-teams within Starlink software with different focus areas. Applicants will interview for specific teams based on hiring needs and qualifications. Specific team responsibilities might include:

Write high-quality Linux-based software for common processors and microcontrollers (e.g. ARM, PowerPC, x86, etc.)
Invent new tools that enable more frequent and reliable software deployment, test execution, and data analysis as part of a continuous integration and release system.
Develop tools that allow for test execution across multiple environments: virtualized hardware, real hardware-in-the-loop simulations, and on-orbit testing.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or science discipline; OR 2 years of professional experience in software development in lieu of a degree.
Development experience in C, C, python, or mobile development languages.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Developed, debugged, and deployed software that has been used in real-world applicationsprojects.
Creative approach to problem-solving, exceptional analytical skills, and engineering fundamentals.
Solid fundamental knowledge of networks, electronics, math, and physics.
Strong skills in debugging, performance optimization, and unit testing.
Excellent communication skills both written and verbal.
Ability to work effectively in a dynamic environment with changing needs and requirements.

Some preferred skills and experience depend on the specific team within Starlink software, and may include:

Experience with networking protocols (UDP, TCPIP, etc.)
Experience in C for high-performance systems.
Experience with security issues associated with distributed systems and internet services.
Deep understanding of testing, continuous integration, build, deployment  continuous monitoring.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Software EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    Software EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k)-retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed based on merit, competence, and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 