At SpaceX, we are revolutionizing space technology and pushing the boundaries of what is possible. As a Sr. Turbomachinery Engineer, you will play a critical role in designing and developing the next generation of turbopumps for our Raptor engine, the propulsion system that will take us to the Moon, Mars, and beyond.
SR. TURBOMACHINERY ENGINEER (RAPTOR)
SpaceX is seeking a highly motivated Sr. Turbomachinery Engineer to join our team in designing and developing the next generation of turbopumps for Raptor. You will lead the design, development, and qualification of rocket turbopumps for multiple applications at SpaceX, taking the designs from initial concept to flight.  Conduct coupled aerodynamichydrodynamic and mechanical design and demonstrate a broad turbomachinery system understanding as well as the ability to work with a wider team of specialists in the various sub-systems. Ensure that turbomachinery solutions are developed to meet challenging manufacturing goals, minimum costweight, and on an aggressive schedule. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Design, build, and test turbopumps for liquid-fueled rocket engines and other rocket or spacecraft systems
Own critical turbomachinery components and be responsible for every aspect of the turbomachinery design, demonstrate ownership and work in close collaboration with manufacturing and assembling
Perform the hydrodynamic sizing and flowpath design and analysis work for impellers and diffusers for the raptor engine and other turbomachinery for spacecraft systems 
Ensure that detailed mechanical analysis is performed on all the turbopump componentssystems. Review drawings and make sure that selected designs meet the required standards for life and reliability targets
Devise accurate and correct models, develop new methodologies and first principles-based tools to determine turbopump performance and operability. Push the boundary of the state of the art of turbomachinery designs by exploring innovative concepts
Interface with our world-class production team to ensure designs are successfully translated into flight hardware that is revolutionizing access to space
Work with teams developing other systems (vehicle, feedlines, valves, etc.) to ensure that the turbopump design is optimally integrated and that risks are well balanced across the system
Own secondary flow analysis and design, ensure that current and future hardware meets performance targets
Support both component and assembly testing. Be involved with defining the test configuration, the test processexecution and review the results to confirm
Lead the resolution of issues encountered with the turbopump during developmentqualification testing
Support ongoing design improvements to turbopump assemblies andor sub systems including manufacturing improvements to reduce cost and lead time of components 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline 
5 years of professional experience in the design of turbomachinery or related turbomachinery experience 
Experience with analysis (structural and fluids) software packages

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

Masters degree or higher in aerospace, aeronautics or mechanical engineering 
Strong understanding of pump hydrodynamicaerodynamic design and fundamentals of turbomachinery
Strong understanding of turbomachinery mechanical design 
Strong understanding of thermodynamics, compressible and incompressible flow, thermochemistry mechanics andor materials
Experience with turbomachinery manufacturing and design of manufacturability
Experience with secondary flow and axial thrust balance modeling
Experience with meanline analysis
Hands-on experience with turbomachinery hardware build
Experience with turbomachinery testing and engine testing
Professional experience using Siemens NX (Unigraphics) or other CAD packages
Experience with Ansys (CFX, Mechanical, Thermal)
Understanding of engineering fundamentals and the ability to develop first principles based models and quick estimates
Perseverance in the face of extreme challenges
Experience at a nimble engineering organization or in a highly technical position that required a scrappy, entrepreneurial manner to accomplish tasks with tight time or budget constraints
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Ability to deliver against an aggressive schedule 

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Willingness to travel in support of launching and testing of hardware 
Willingness to work extended hours and weekends as needed to resolve critical technical or timing issues 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:Turbomachinery EngineerSenior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.