SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
AVIONICS ASSEMBLY TECHNICIAN
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Perform mechanical and electrical assembly of PCB assemblies, harnesses, sensors, solar arrays, transducers and other electromechanical assemblies
Read and work from diagrams, specification, test instructions, schematics and assembly drawings utilizing enterprise manufacturing planning software.
Operate automatic equipment including setup and troubleshooting for product manufacturing, such as wire bonding, resistance welding, laser welding, epoxy dispensing.
Ensure all preventative maintenance is performed safely and on time and identify early signs of equipment and process degradation
Perform testing on electromechanical devices, such as hi-pot testing, proof testing, and thermal cycling
Support the efforts of the engineering team to build development parts and provide feedback to the engineering team to simplify the build process
Part inspection and measurements utilizing basic tools and more complex vision system-based microscope

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of experience in hardware assembly, test, maintenance, material handling, andor installation OR certificate from an accredited trade skills program in AP, manufacturing, andor electronics

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience working in an electro-mechanical manufacturing company, a precision manufacturing company, or high-volume manufacturing company
Conformal coat support experience utilizing NVOC, urethane, acrylic and silicone based conformal coatings
Proficient soldering skills, handling small parts, operating CNS based automated equipment, microscope measurement
Experience maintaining and programming of PVA conformal coat system
Current or past certification for NASA-STD-8739.3, IPC-610 or equivalent
Able to adapt to constant changing work assignments and fast paced work environment
Excellent communication (written and verbal) and teamwork skills
Strong technical aptitude ability to problem solve and corroborate ideas to deal with day to day challenges
Basic computer skills, strong written and verbal communication skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be open to work all shifts, overtime andor weekends as needed. Estimated start times: 1st shift (3am) and 2nd shift (1pm)
Must be able to lift up to of 25 lbs. unassisted
Must be able to stand for extended periods  8 hours min
Must be able to stoop, bend, crawl, and maneuver in tight spaces
Ability to distinguish colors is required

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:     Avionics Assembly TechnicianLevel 1: 20.00 - 24.50hour          Avionics Assembly TechnicianLevel 2: 23.00 - 29.00hour          Avionics Assembly TechnicianLevel 3: 27.00 - 35.00hour           
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.