SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE ANALYST
As a Legal and Compliance Analyst, you will support SpaceXs Starlink broadband internet business. You will primarily be part of the team responsible for ensuring global compliance with legal requirements pertaining to (i) government agencies obtaining information from Starlink, including lawful intercept requests, subpoenas, and similar legal demands, (ii) data privacy regulations (e.g., GDPR, CCPA), and (iii) data security.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Help develop, improve, and manage Starlinks compliance globally with legal requirements pertaining to law enforcement, lawful intercept, demands for customer information as well as privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations.
Develop management and recordkeeping tools to efficiently accept, process, respond to, and record legal demands from law enforcement and government agencies, as well as privacy rights requests.
Respond to Starlink consumer complaints.
Track and investigate instances of non-compliance with global law enforcement, privacy, cybersecurity requirements; prepare related internal reports; and manage corrective actions.
Advise, educate, and train internal stakeholders and employees on compliance programs for law enforcement, privacy, cybersecurity, and related matters.
Support other legal functions, including litigation, contract management, and general legal and regulatory compliance.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree from an accredited college or university.
3 years of legal experience as an analyst or paralegal in a law firm or in-house setting supporting legalregulatory compliance.

PREFERRED SKILLS  EXPERIENCE:

Knowledge of legal and regulatory issues facing telecommunications andor internet service providers, particularly related to law enforcement, information demands, privacy, and data security.
Experience developing and managing global privacy and data security compliance regimes, including developing compliance policies, procedures, and guidance, and conducting compliance reviews and investigations.
Experience working directly with government agencies, regulators, and managing outside counsel.

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS 
Pay Range:Legal  Compliance Analyst  Level I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per year Legal  Compliance Analyst  Level II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year 
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.   
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 