
SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER  TEMPORARY POSITION
The SpaceX Operations Training team is looking for a motivated and energetic Instructional Designer who wants to put their skills to use accelerating humanities journey to Mars. This position will be working with subject matter experts throughout all areas of SpaceX requiring a driven individual who is always excited to learn and tackle new challenges.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Create computer-based training modules
Partner directly with subject matter experts to design and develop engaging content for a variety of audiences and delivery modes (online, classroom, etc.) with clear strategies and tactics to achieve desired learning outcomes
Maintain and revise existing learning products, keeping specific audience, learning modality, and other learning considerations in mind while always looking for the most efficient way to express the desired learning objectives
Serve as project manager on multiple product development projects simultaneously with the ability to stay within timelines and budgets and rapidly adjust to changing priorities
Respond to learning help desk tickets using JIRA
Manage user roles and permissions for Learning management system
Serve as learning management system super administrator, providing technical support, solving SCORMAICC problems

POSITION DETAILS:
This is a temporary position with SpaceX, for the length of time as stated, and is subject to change with minimal notice as business needs dictate.

LENGTH OF POSITION: 3 months
LOCATION: Hawthorne, CA
Role requires being onsite 100, remote work will not be considered

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of experience designing and developing training curriculum
2 years of experience managing and administrating learning management systems

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree
Experience managing computer-based learning management systems
Experience with design tools commonly used in a learning creation environment (MS PowerPoint, Adobe PhotoshopIllustrator, Articulate Storyline, iSpring Studio  Camtasia Studio)
Ability to create live video production, audio recording and voiceover
Ability to clearly and effectively communicate in both written and oral formats
Open collaborative style; ability to work both in a team environment and autonomously with minimal supervision or direction
Comfortable in environments with shifting priorities
Ability to communicate professionally with all levels of management
Proficiency with MS Office products
Curiosity to understand the strategic priorities for SpaceX how learning and development can best address skill and knowledge gaps in the workforce
Experience with CSS and basic website buildingdesign

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

This is not a remote position and will require relocation if not already local to the Los AngelesHawthorne, CA area
Must be willing to work extended hours andor weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:
Instructional DesignerLevel I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per year     
Instructional DesignerLevel II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year            
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for potential discretionary bonuses. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, and various other discounts and perks. You will also be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.     
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
