SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PIPE FITTER (STARSHIP)
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Perform pipe fitting responsibilities
Read andor interpret measurements from blueprints
Maintain, trouble shoot, and repair equipment and instrumentation as needed
Collaborate with engineering team
Fabricate materials by drawing specs
Ensure all materials are clean and inspected according to Clean for Oxygen Service Standards
Obtain and maintain licenses, operator permits or certifications as required
Follow all necessary regulations and appropriate SpaceX procedures including quality policies, safety policies, OSHA, EPA, NIOSH, NFPA, ASME, NEC, etc.
Expected to drive forklift and at times lift heavy loads
Work in a team-based environment

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate 
1 years of professional industrial experience such as installing pipe and components, bending stainless tubes, or working around high pressure systems

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Associate degree
AP license
Professional welding experience
Experience with plasma cutter, oxy acetylene, grinders, and die-grinder
Experience in ground support equipment in an aerospace industry
Experience in boom lifts, forklifts, and scissor lifts
Mechanical aptitude and experience (work with machines and general tooling)
Formalized mechanical training, skilled in hand and power tool usage
A demonstrated experience where quick-thinking and problem solving plays a critical role
Ability to utilize power tools and hand tools as well as heavy equipment
Use of precision measuring instruments
Ability to read and understand mechanical and electrical schematics
Knowledge of hazardous systems  cryogenic, flammable, hypergolic, pyrophoric
Experience in the space exploration industry, military or other high-reliability operating environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available for overtime, shift work and weekend work as the schedule varies depending on site operational needs; flexibility is required
Flight hardware typically is built in tight quarters and physical dexterity is required
Ability to lift heavy objects up to 25 lbs., unassisted
Ability to work at elevated heights up to 400ft (with proper PPE)
Typically exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain
Work performed in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Pipe Fitter Level 1: 18.00hour      
Pipe Fitter Level 2: 21.00hour      
Pipe Fitter Level 3: 25.00hour                                
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.                                 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.