SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
BUILD SPECIALIST (SUPER-HEAVY BOOSTER) - WEEKEND NIGHT SHIFT
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Collaborate and work with the production leadership team driving engineering standards for excellence in the builds (quality, build improvements, order of operations, etc.)
Interface with engineers and technicians to advance to streamline manufacturing flow and eliminate unnecessary scope, downtime, and blockers
Creates  manages tools to communicate schedule, identify critical pathdependencies, and track progress build over build
Partners with production leadership to utilize our factory scheduler application and other applicable tools to ensure work is scheduled and prioritized accurately and efficiently, and resources allocated appropriately
Review and triage work order feedback; work with process planning to drive necessary incorporation on in process work orders and next engineering masters revisions
Collaborate with Production Supervisors and Leads to resolve daily shop floor roadblocks and emergent issues.
Support first build process development for new and changing assembly designs that can include process and equipment design, physical operations, and development builds.
Identify need for shop aids and tooling that will increase work center productivity.
Identify and implement shop floor layout improvements as well as storage and organizational improvements.
Routinely broadcasts status, milestones, and roadmap of projects to stakeholders
Resolve manufacturing issues; disposition nonconforming parts; modify bills of materials; perform root cause analysis, and implement robust corrective actions
Implement standard practices, troubleshooting guides, and standard repair procedures.
Evaluate proposed designs and planning for manufacturability and integration by collaborating with build, design and build reliability engineers.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline or 2 years of experience working in an aerospace manufacturing technician, planning, or direct support role
1 years of experience creating andor working with manufacturing planning or build process instructions
2 years of professional experience in an aerospace, aviation, automotive andor manufacturing environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in engineering, math, or science, 2-year technical school degree, or 2 years of experience in a manufacturing and process planning role.
Ability to work effectively in a team environment
Capable of solving complex manufacturing problems on schedule with little to no supervision as an individual or as a member of an integrated team
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including experience communicating with external and internal stakeholders
Excellent troubleshooting and problem-solving skills
Solid understanding of spacecraft integration processes including avionics, propulsion systems, and mechanical integration
Data analysis skills in Excel, VBA, andor SQL
Knowledge of pressure, temperature and flow measurement devices
Experience taking products through development cycle to full volume production
Experience with Design for Manufacturability and Assembly
Experience with Siemens NX (UG) and Teamcenter CAD and PDM systems is preferred
Experience with Process development, facility and line layouts
Experience with Lean Manufacturing Tools, PFMEA, Value Chain Mapping, Kanban, OEE and 5S

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work all shifts, overtime, and weekends as needed up to 12 hours a day. This role is slated to work on the weekend shift (rotating schedule) Night shift  (Thursday - Sunday) 6:30 PM - 6:30 AM. Flexibility is preferred
Available for overtime and weekends as the schedule varies depending on site operational needs
Ability to work multiple shifts and change shifts with minimal notice
Ability to stand for extended periods  8 hours minimum
Ability to lift at least 25 lbs unassisted
Willing to travel up to 5
Ability to work at elevated heights (up to 200 feet)
Ability to work in confined spaces
Willing to work in outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain
Wiling to work in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:
Pay range:
Level 1: 28.00hourLevel 2: 32.00hourLevel 3: 36.00hour Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.