SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. MEMS SENSOR INTEGRATION ENGINEER 
SpaceX is looking for a MEMS Sensor Integration Engineer to support the transition of new sensors from the development stage to full production. Within this role, you will be responsible for developing fabrication and manufacturing processes and qualifying those processes for high-volume production. You will additionally be responsible for selecting or designing custom manufacturing equipment.  This is a unique technical role to transition cutting-edge sensors to high-volume production. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop MEMSsemiconductor packaging processes and qualify those processes for high-volume production
Identifying key equipmenttechnologies and building custom systems for packaging miniature sensors
Collaboratively identify and resolve manufacturing issues
Establish process monitors, passfail metrics, and implement process controls
Complete yield analysis and support process changes to improve yield
Support of full product characterization and reliability testing efforts

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, materials, or other engineering field
5 years of experience in the MEMSSemiconductor industry 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

Masters degree in electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, materials
7 years of experience in the MEMS or Semiconductor industry
Experience transitioning MEMS or semiconductor devices from development to production
MEMS or semiconductor packaging experience, including one or more of the following: dicing, die-attach, pick-and-place, flip-chip, wire bonding, wafer bonding, encapsulation, or vacuum sealing
Knowledge of advanced chip packaging and integration of multiple components in a single package 
Experience with hermetic or vacuum-sealed devices
Experience developing automated production systems

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to support extended hours and weekends when necessary to support launch and critical project timelines
Must be willing to travel 20

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:       Pay range:    MEMS Sensors IntegrationSenior: 130,000.00 - 180,000.00per year    Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.    
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 