SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
RIGGER (STARSHIP)
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Safely rig with roundflat slings and protectors, then lift flight hardware into and from manufacturing machines
Safely rig with flatround slings flight hardware components for delivery from machine, non-destructive test and drilling workshops
Safely rig with flatround slings and lift large tooling jigs and fixtures into position and onto flight hardware
Install tooling onto flight hardware barrel sections, safely rig with round slings, lift and breakover barrel sections from vertical to horizontal to load into circumferential stir welding machine
Safely rig with designed tooling and round slings to lift complete rocket stages from integration carts onto transportation trailer or dolly
Safely rig with roundflat slings flight hardware and lift using a 6-20k forklift 
Operate air bearing carts to move flight hardware from station to station

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of experience rigging andor operating heavy equipment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Certified forklift operator
2 years of professional experience as a certified overhead crane operator
NCCCO rigger III qualificationscertifications
Previous experience with lifting large, odd shaped or unbalanced loads
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Able to work 1st shift: 6:00 AM - 6:00 PM
Ability to pass Air Force background check for Cape Canaveral
Valid drivers license 
Ability to perform job duties that require standing, kneeling, crouching, twisting upper body, working in cramped positions in small opening and climbing hand over hand, lifting 50 lbs., and working on ladderslifts at elevated heights
Ability to work in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise
Must be able to work all shifts, overtime and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range: 
Level 1: 18.00hour
Level 2: 21.00hour
Level 3: 25.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.