SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
TAX ANALYST, INTERNATIONAL
SpaceX recently launched Starlink, our revolutionary satellite constellation that will deliver low-latency broadband internet worldwide. The company is seeking to add a Sr. Tax Analyst, International as it expands its domestic and international footprint. The Sr. Tax Analyst, International will work on the companys international and domestic tax matters including coordination with various service providers for local country tax planning and compliance, VAT and indirect tax matters, new country openings, and financial reporting for our international operations.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Coordinate with local country tax service providers for filing of foreign direct and indirect tax returns
Coordinate new country openings, including tax registration, researching VATsales tax rules for various productstransactions, researching corporate tax implications
Assist in transfer pricingintercompany matters
Assist with U.S. Federal and state income tax compliance
Assist in the quarterly and annual income tax provision and related footnotes disclosures under US GAAP, as well as coordinate any local country statutory account filings
Communicate and coordinate with other business groups regarding tax impacts of international business strategies
Prepare and maintain tax calendar for corporate income tax, business licenses, foreign direct and indirect returns and other related filings, as well as assist in various administrative matters
Assist in various department needs

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in accounting, tax, or finance
5 years of professional tax experience in public accounting or at a multinational company
Experience with corporate tax compliance and consulting

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience working for a Big 4 accounting firm or large US-based multinational company
Familiarity with VAT and other indirect taxes
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
CPA license

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Tax AnalystSenior: 90,000.00 - 145,000.00per year       Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.