SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
EXECUTIVE CHEF
The Executive Chef plays a vital role in the company, contributing directly to SpaceXs success and historical milestones by overseeing a team that fuels the workforce. This individual works with the food services director to conceptualize and oversee multiple outlets and services, ensure consistency across offerings, and coordinate out-of-this-world employee engagement activities. From daily dining to VIP events, and even potential space flight food RD, this position requires a versatile set of restaurant industry skills and an imagination without bounds. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Set and enforce standards of operation in multiple kitchen environments and service formats
Enforce both food and general workplace safety in all food services areas
Train staff on work planning materials, safety protocols, and health inspection guidelines
Oversee hiring and disciplinary decisions for their team
Coordinate successful openings of new outlets, services, and break rooms
Responsible for financial planning and meeting cost per head targets at their site
Support hiring and team management for food service staff

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
Culinary degree and 10 years of industry experience; or 12 years of industry experience
2 years of experience in a multi-unit operation facility

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Culinary degree preferred
Proficient in use of Microsoft Office and Outlook software
Experience in a corporate environment
Experience with high volume or batch cooking
Experience leading a group of 20 or more team members
Advanced knowledge of kitchen equipment and safe kitchen operations
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to pass Air Force background check for Vandenberg
Kitchen and or dining area renovationconstruction experience
Ability to carry large heavy items, such as dishes in tubs or trays unassisted (up to 25 lbs.)
Must have or be able to obtain a ServSafeequivalent state-recognized manager level food handler certification
Able to stand for long periods of time  up to 8 hours a day
Able to perform frequent bending, stooping, and lifting of objects
Must be able to work all shifts, weekends, and extended hours as needed
Must participate in internal leadership and development training
Must be willing to travel occasionally

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay Range:    Executive Chef: 97,500.00 - 115,000.00per year  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.   
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.