SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
LEAD FACILITIES ENGINEER
The Lead Facilities Engineer will be responsible for the design, construction, operations, and maintenance of critical SpaceX facilities and systems. They will participate, coordinate, and execute infrastructure projects as well as oversee ongoing operations and maintenance of facilities, equipment, and utilities. This will involve corrective, preventive, and predictive maintenance techniques and operational and design feedback for maintaining and improving all systems at SpaceXs Starbase site.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Lead and mentor a team of engineers focused on the development, commissioning, and maintenance of SpaceX launch site facilities
Develop and train direct reports to enable extreme ownership and empowered decision making
Coordinate all phases of site development projects including coordination with other groups on site to maximize productivity and organize schedules to fit operations
Prepare and coordinate all capital expenditure processes including reviews, approvals and execution of site capital projects by ensuring technical specifications, budget, and deadlines are met
Communicate and deliver buildingmaintenance activities and schedule to personnel, subcontractors, and material suppliers to effectively and efficiently execute targeted deadlines
Manage external contractors, including proposal requests, development of specifications, and supplier selection
Provide technical engineering supportinformation to ensure constructionmaintenance complies with all standards, codes, and specifications
Develop cost estimates, material requisitions, plans, and specifications for multiple small and large multi-discipline projects
Be proactive and forward thinking with respect to team growth and departmentcompany strategy

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
4 years of professional experience with facilities engineering andor construction
2 years of experience leading teams

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Strong desire to mentor and develop employees
2 years of experience in facility maintenance (electrical, HVAC, or structural) and facility construction (buildings, roads, drainage, foundations, etc.)
Ability to perform and manage technically complex projects using independent judgement and personal initiative
Demonstrated ability in readingunderstandingcreating blueprints and technical manuals and reports
Experience using precision measuring instruments
Ability to produce drawings for welders and machine shop fabrication in AutoCAD
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work in a team environment
Experience operating boom lifts, man lifts, fork lifts, and cranes
Proficient skill level using Microsoft Office suite

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Occasionally exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments - heat, cold, rain
Work performed in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise
Must be available to work extended hours and weekends
Valid drivers license

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Lead Facilities Engineer: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year   
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.