SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MANAGER, PRODUCTION (STARSHIP)
The Starship Production Manager is responsible for up to 120 technicians and the on floor activities of key assembly andor service work centers. This is a dynamic position that requires the ability to monitor and create actions for key department metrics while managing production schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to key stakeholders. As a production manager, you will lead several complex, multi-disciplinary production teams and projects and will be required to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily in building rocket engine hardware.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Responsible for leading and managing a staff of 40 employees per shift (up to 120 on 2 shifts)
Manage modification, repair, assembly and integration of production assemblies in order to guarantee achievement of on time delivery and quality targets
Responsible for managing the complete production process within a predefined area and ensuring safety at all times
Resolve reoccurring non-conformance issues
Review work instructions, and make change recommendations when needed
Meet tight production schedules to achieve high rate production
Responsible for assessing, staffing and vetting the appropriate skill sets needed
Monitor material costs and cost savings
Identify and set-up training programs
Develop, initiate, coordinate, and enforce system policies, and procedures
Monitor labor hours and overtime, and implement improvement plans and time management with staff
Manage capacity planning of equipment and personnel
Coordinate with Engineering and other departments to minimize production interruptions
Think creatively, and question the status quo while following documentation and maintaining prescribed quality standards
Develop and assure adequate machine maintenance schedules and back-up spares availability

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering field or at least 2 years of experience as a managersupervisor in a production environment
2 years in aerospace (airframe, launch vehicle, military) or high volume manufacturing sector
2 years in management

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

SpaceX experience
Experience bringing teams and processes from development to production
Able to effectively communicate with engineering and production (verbal and written)
Excellent concentration and attention to detail with outstanding work efficiency and accuracy
Schematics: engineering drawings, circuit layouts, and parts listcable harnesses: wiring diagrams, layout drawings, and parts list. Mechanical assemblies: mechanical drawings and parts lists
Strong leadership skills
Safety training andor safety certifications
Experience monitoring, tracking and continually improving total cost equation
Experience with applying lean manufacturing principles, efficiency methods
Able to adapt to constant changing work assignments and fast paced work environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work all shifts, extended hours andor weekends as needed
Must be able to lift 25 lbs. unassisted
Able to travel for short and extended trips as needed (up to 10 travel)
Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range: 
Manager, Starship BuildManager: 130,000.00 - 180,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.