SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. SUPPLIER DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER, PCB (STARLINK)
Starlink demands a new type of supply chain. We require our suppliers to provide premium quality with rapidly evolving designs at commercial scale volumes. We are actively looking for candidates who possess comprehensive knowledge of manufacturing and quality tools and have unrelenting motivation to enable suppliers for success. This position requires a combination of proven leadership and technical capabilities.
This is a technical position that requires practical experience with the materials, processes and parts used in printed circuit boards (PCB). The ideal candidate will have broad understanding of these products with the desire and capability to take on new challenges in unfamiliar areas to help enable our mission to Mars.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Collaborate with design engineers to gain in-depth understanding of design intent and conduct design for manufacturing reviews to ensure successful high-volume production of parts
Review and assess supplier manufacturing processes and quality systems to support procurement team in strategically souring parts matched to supplier competencies
Implement and monitor production part approval process (PPAP) with selected suppliers to enable high-rate production and limit potential defect opportunities
Create and define technical requirements and quality flow-downs to meet program needs
Lead quality actions as needed including root cause analysis, corrective action execution, containment activities and ultimate problem resolution at the supplier, SpaceX or both
Identify, audit and onboard new suppliers; perform surveillance and diagnostic audits on incumbent suppliers and lead supplier probation activities for underperforming suppliers
Work with suppliers to identify capital improvements to enable capability or scale-up capacity to industrialize products or processes
Demonstrate innovation, technical excellence, attention to detail, self-direction and courage
Drive for results and customer satisfaction by collaborating with teams, leading projects and continuously driving improvement in the supply base

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in engineering 
5 years of experience working with PCB (printed circuit boards), engineering laminates, electrochemical processes, or microelectronics fabrication

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in material science, electrical engineering, or manufacturing engineering 
Masters degree in engineering or business
Experience with high volume manufacturing
Knowledge of supplier quality processes (production part approval process, advanced product quality planning, first article inspection reports, etc.)
Knowledge of statistical techniques and methods, e.g., design of experiments, Six Sigma, etc.
Experience with quality systems (ISO 9000TSAS9100NADCAP).
Disciplined approach to problem solving - 8D
Proficient in MS Office applications and report writing
Knowledge of lean concepts
Experience with sharing information and influencing others across organizational lines, internally and externally
Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to make presentations to suppliers, team members and management
Experience with MRP or ERP systems

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Willingness to work long hours and weekends when needed to hit critical deadlines
Ability to travel: Up to 25-60 of work week
Valid drivers license 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:    Supplier Development EngineerSenior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year     Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.   


SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.