SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SUPERVISOR, TOOLING OPERATIONS  
This vital position will be responsible for critical operations supporting launch and fabrication activities with customers spanning the entire Starship organization. The Tooling Team provides launch and production critical operations, as well as a variety of other services to virtually every aspect of Starship. Coordinating our high-performing tooling and laser tracking teams along with other disciplines within the company defines this role and the responsibilities it fills.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Coordinate personnel and equipment to be utilized in the most effective, and efficient manner possible in an ever-changing landscape
Monitor priorities, and apply these valuable resources where they can be at their most effective at all times
Manage the performance and personal growth of these highly skilled individuals as they look to grow their careers, and help the company achieve its goals
Manage contractors, and our relationships with them to maximize the value of these relationships and execution of the projects they support
Maintain and improve upon existing equipment, processes, and procedures, and fully exploit all of the resources at your disposal to maximize team impact and effectiveness

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree or 8 years of experience in a fabrication or field work environment
2 years of experience leading a team, including leading projects andor people  

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Ability to engage and interact with other teams performing various disciplines in a professional and respectful manner while working towards a common goal
Ability to manage stressful situations and changes in company direction, and to help your teams navigate these situations with grace and skill
Excellent problem-solving skills relevant to the work being performed
Experience with machining, plate cutting, and general fabrication
Experience with 3D metrology and precision alignment
Experience with blueprint reading
Experience with GDT interpretation skill
Experience with precision measurement and inspection experience

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to travel as required by the business (up to 10)
Must be willing to work at elevated heights and in tight spaces
Must be willing to work long hours, nights and weekends with limited notice

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range: 
Tooling OperationsSupervisor: 105,000.00 - 135,000.00per year  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.