SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SENSOR DEVELOPMENT RF SIMULATION ENGINEER 
Our sensors development team works to design, test, and manufacture high performance electronic sensors for the worlds most advanced launch vehicles and spacecraft. The team is responsible for end-to-end development of application specific sensor products to support critical rocket and spacecraft operations, systems, and control loops including propulsion, guidance, navigation, control, and environmental systems. We are seeking a technical individual contributor to support sensor development efforts with knowledge of RF simulationanalysis, RF system design, and sensor error analysis.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Responsible for RF simulations of remote sensing instrumentation.
Responsible for collaborating on sensor algorithm development. 
Responsible for end-to-end build and ownership of analysis and simulation pipelines.
Solve complex simulation problems in high-performance compute (HPC) environments.
Resolving RF simulation results with field data.   

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors of Science in Electrical Engineering or Physics.
1 years of experience with Python, Matlab, or similar scripting languages.
Experience with electromagnetic simulation tools such as ANSYSHFSS, CST, or COMSOL for RF analysis

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters of Science in Electrical Engineering or Physics  
3 years of experience within the RF field.  
Knowledge of RF channel measurement and simulation. 
Experience with RF test equipment, namely vector network analyzers and spectrum analyzers. 
Experience with RF concepts such as S-parameters, impedance matching, and antenna designs
Excellent communication and teamwork skills.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to support extended hours and weekends when necessary to support launch and critical project timelines
Must be willing to travel 20

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    Pay range:    Sensors Development Simulation RF Engineer Level I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    Sensors Development Simulation RF EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year    
 Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.    
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.