SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SMT TECHNICIAN
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Operate PCB assembly machines to manufacture circuit boards, including but not limited to:

SMT placement, reflow, and solder print
Conformal coat, masking, epoxy application and coating
Component kitting and measurement
Optical and x-ray inspection
Routine inspection and maintenance of equipment


Perform functional testing on flight hardware
Inspect PCBAs for defects 
Maintain tooling and consumable supply inventory
Follow work instructions and suggest improvements
Document non-conformances and associated rework and quickly return non-conforming product back into normal workflow
Independently perform verifications and document results in a clear, precise and complete manner

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school degree or equivalency certificate
2 years of experience using hand tools

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

5 years of experience working in PCB assembly
Experience with SMT equipment
Soldering proficiency including IPC or JSTD certification
Proficient with computers, the ability to use MS Office, shop floor management software (ERP) and related programs
Strong understanding of technical documentation, engineering drawings, and schematics
Excellent communication and organizational skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, and weekends as needed
Must be able to lift and carry up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Repetitive assembly operations, grasping, standing, lifting, bending, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Must be able to distinguish colors as required

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:             
Pay range:          
SMT TechnicianLevel 1: 25.00 - 29.50hour    
SMT TechnicianLevel 2: 28.00 - 34.00hour    
SMT TechnicianLevel 3: 32.00 - 40.00hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.