SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SUPERVISOR, MATERIALS MANAGEMENT (STARLINK)
Supply Chain is vital to the build of SpaceXs Starlink Satellite constellation. This role will involve supervision of a team of hourly employees operating within SpaceXs materials management organization. The team is responsible for all activities from the point that hardware is deemed acceptable from our quality inspections, to the moment hardware is handed off to the production organization. Our goal is to become a leader in materials management performance with high inventory efficiencyaccuracy and industry leading customer service, while maintaining a safe work environment that utilizes the latest in applicable technologies. This supervisor will also be responsible for leading and driving continuous improvement throughout all aspects of their operations.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Manage an hourly workforce by assessing employee performance, providing positiveconstructive feedback, facilitating conflict resolution, and addressing repeat issues with corrective actions, performance improvement plans or through disciplinary means
Lead by setting an example, taking feedback from all levels of the organization, and motivating your organization to achieve the highest level of results
Monitor and improve operations, ensuring a safe work environment  with the goal of zero OSHA recordable annually
Ensure business practices are being followed to not only guarantee the processing of product in a quality manner, but also meet those needs outlined in AS9100 and customer flow-down requirements
Manage the incoming acceptance, storing and issuing of a wide variety of parts, details and hardware into inventory
Manage operations that provide industry leading levels of customer service in all operations: recognizing the needs of the business and adapting to support our mission
Lead cost saving opportunities, identifying internalexternal cost reductions and optimization opportunities
Ensure cycle counting procedures are routinely followed to meet both our internal and external audit requirements
Assist in the control of a fleet of vehicles, ensuring the necessary preventative maintenance, upkeep and enhancements are made to service the customer
Develop and maintain the appropriate service routes and material replenishments to deliver material to internal customers at agreed upon service levels
Supervise the local shipping and receiving operation; coordinating movements into and out of the local facility, along with critical point to point movements outside of the local facility
Drive projects and changes that contribute to materials managements ongoing improvement
Ensure procedures are routinely being followed for shelf-life storage and maintain proper rotation of stock, FIFO
Ensure the appropriate environmental controls are continuously effective, depending on the material requirements of the items being stored
Actively monitor and grow the workforce, ensuring team members are challenged and performing at the expected standards
Monitor and approve employee time keeping records

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree and 2 years of professional experience in materials management, supply chain, or productionmanufacturing; or 4 years of professional experience materials management, supply chain, or productionmanufacturing

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in supply chain, business, science, engineering, or similar technical discipline
Completion of a leadership or rotational development program
The Association for Operations Management (APICS) certification  CPIM or CSCP
Lean6-Sigma experience (GreenBlack Belt certifications)
Excellent communication and team-building skills
Organized and self-driven, capable of working independently with little direction
Ability to work in a fast-paced cross-functional environment
Experience within an aerospace, aviation, or automotive manufacturing environment
Computer Skills  Microsoft Office applications, SQL and PowerBI

 ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work Monday to Friday, 2nd shift: 3:30pm-2am
Ability to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted
Lifting, standing, climbing, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing stooping, stretching and carrying are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Must be able to operate forklift equipment
Must be able to work in areas that require using a ladder (20 feet)

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:    Materials ManagementSupervisor: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
 ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
