SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SMT PRODUCTION SCHEDULER (STARLINK)
Starlink, our revolutionary satellite constellation, will deliver low-latency broadband internet worldwide. As a Production Scheduler within the Starlink Satellite Production team, you will identify, develop, and implement tactical and strategic schedules to enable production to set and achieve manufacturing targets.
The ideal candidate will have a broad understanding of data analytics and manufacturing operations, with the desire and capability to take on new challenges to help enable our mission to Mars.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Coordinate, maintain, communicate, and present critical path SMT schedules and schedule narratives to both internal and external stakeholders
Propose and drive solutions that enable SMT production to overcome shortages and blockers
Provide proactive schedule coordination across internal teams to ensure that schedules reflect reality, identify interdependencies, and that key deliverables will be completed on time
Devise, maintain, and improve scheduling tools and processes that identify, analyze, and communicate potential constraints
Drive strategic corrective actions for part shortages driven by production and supply chain
Support logistics actions for cross-site satellite shipments
Maintain and correct ERPMRP data
Identify and support improvement opportunities for safety, production rate, product yield, quality, and cost

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree or 2 years of professional manufacturing scheduling experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years of professional manufacturing scheduling or coordinating experience
2 years of practical experience using ERPMRP systems in a production environment
Demonstrated ability to improve efficiency and operational effectiveness by thinking strategically and critically and building broad, cross-functional relationships
Highly skilled at taking in large quantities of information and presenting it in a clear and concise manner, both verbally and in writing
Ability to work with limited supervision to develop and manage program plans and schedule
4 years of production management, integrated operations, or complex project ownership experience
Experience creating and managing dashboards using data visualization tools (e.g. PowerBI) and with data analysis in Excel, VBA, Python, andor SQL
Experience with sharing information and influencing others across organizational lines, internally and externally
Experience working in a highly demanding and fast paced environment
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:               
Pay range:          
SMT Production SchedulerLevel I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per year      
SMT Production Scheduler,Level II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.