SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars. 
RFANALOG IC DESIGN ENGINEER (SILICON ENGINEERING) 

At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1.5M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe. 


The Starlink modem team is seeking motivated, proactive, and intellectually curious engineers who can work with world-class cross-disciplinary teams (firmware, architecture, design, validation, product engineering and ASIC implementation). In this role, you will implement system algorithms and silicon solutions for cutting-edge communication systems for deployment in space and ground infrastructures. These systems are enabling connectivity in places it has previously not been available, affordable or reliable. Your efforts will help deliver cutting-edge solutions that will expand the performance and capabilities of the Starlink network.   

RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Design, simulate and model RFanalogmixed-signal circuits and systems 
Derive specifications for the RFIC subsystems and circuits 
Develop AnalogMixed-SignalRFmicrowave circuits in SiGe or CMOS processes 
Work with system architects, modemDSP and ASIC engineers to partition functions between hardware and software domains 
Perform IC floor planning and layout 
Model package and external parasitic components 
Evaluate and characterize prototypes of the design 
Characterize and analyze full radio performance 
Assist in the development of automated test lab equipment for lab measurements 
Work with manufacturing engineers on production testing and qualification of the RFIC components and systems 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

Masters degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering, or computer science 
2 years of RF integrated circuit experience 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

PhD in electrical engineering or computer engineering with an emphasis in RFAnalogMixed-signal integrated circuit design 
Experience using simulation tools such as Spectre, ADS, HFSS or Momentum 
Circuit design skills, and experience performing analysis and simulation of both linear and non-linear circuits such as phase-locked loops, vector modulatorsdemodulators, oscillators, mixers, filters, low noise and power amplifiers 
Knowledge of digital communication systems, spread spectrum, single and multi-carrier techniques and modulation types such as QPSK, APSK and QAM 
Knowledge of RF transceiver architectures 
RFmicrowave design in the Ku-band, K-band and Ka-band frequency range 
Familiarity with radio related test equipment such as spectrum analyzers, vector signal analyzers, vector signal generator, network analyzers 
Experience characterizing radio performance in microwave frequencies 

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:  

Ability to work long hours and weekends as necessary to support critical milestones  

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 
Pay range:     RFAnalog IC Design EngineerLevel I: 130,000.00 - 155,000.00per year     RFAnalog IC Design EngineerLevel II: 150,000.00 - 180,000.00per year      Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience. 
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS: 

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here. 

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. 
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000. 