SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
STARLINK ENTERPRISE REGIONAL SALES MANAGER  EUROPE
The Starlink Enterprise Sales team is hiring a local, results driven Regional Sales Manager to support Starlinks adoption across Europe. Starlink brings an unprecedented opportunity to significantly impact communities, businesses, and governments worldwide. The role requires personal drive to identify opportunities in your region, develop the necessary relationships, and ultimately sign deals that will have immediate impact. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Meet your revenue targets  you should always be looking for opportunities for Starlink to make an impact and always be closing. 
Identify and secure new enterprise customers directly. This requires the establishment of relationships with the key decision makers and influencers in the various organizations, understanding their current and future needs, and working to find the right Starlink product for them. 
Identify and lead large government-based procurements efforts for education, healthcare, community Wi-Fi as well as civil and defense opportunities. 
Identify opportunities for alternative go-to-market strategies and be able to defend them internally. 
Work in partnership with our Market Access, Government Affairs, Finance and Legal teams.
Gather customer requirements and work with the product engineering team to iterate on and improve Starlink product offerings.
Represent Starlink at regional conferences and events.

BASIC REQUIREMENTS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering or business discipline.
2 years of professional experience in business development or sales.
Fluent in English with multi-lingual proficiency in one of the predominant languages across Europe (Italian, French, German, Spanish, Portuguese, or Polish).
Current residency and work authorization in Europe.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Independently motivated self-starter, with a demonstrated track record of project ownership.
Strong sales track record with the ability to consistently meet or exceed revenue targets  preferably in the satellitetelecommunications sector for enterprise or government customers.
Strong interpersonal, presentation, and negotiation skills.
Strong analytical skills in business and technical issues.
Highly detail oriented, diligent, and hard working with excellent customer interface skills.
Sufficient knowledge of Starlinks network infrastructure to communicate to customers.
Experience working with a cross-functional team and external customers.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available to work extended hours and weekends as needed.
Willingness to travel approximately 50 of the time including to customer locations and quarterly trips to SpaceXs Hawthorne, CA headquarters.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.