SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.SR. SOFTWARE ENGINEER, C (STARSHIELD)Starshield leverages SpaceXs Starlink technology and launch capability to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads.The Starshield software team is building highly reliable in-space mesh networks, designing secure systems to guarantee access to space, designing next-gen communication and sensing software, and more. Aerospace experience is not required to be successful here - we want our engineers to bring fresh ideas from all areas. We look for engineers who love solving problems and seek to make an impact on an inspiring mission. As we expand this team, were looking for versatile, motivated, and collaborative engineers. Our team is involved in designing the vehicle systems at every phase of development. We build tools that enable us to work more efficiently, and that help us build software systems that are secure, reliable, and autonomous. Our software engineers are responsible for the life cycle of the software they create, including development, testing, and operational support.  An active Top Secret security clearance, or ability to obtain one, is desired but not required.  RESPONSIBILITIES:Develop highly reliable autonomous software systemsDesign and implement fault detection and mitigation in softwareDevelop prototypes to prove out key design concepts and quantify technical constraintsOwn all aspects of software development, including design, testing, and mission integrationProvide strong technical leadership, focus on continuous improvementBASIC QUALIFICATIONS:Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or STEM discipline and 5 years of experience in software development; OR 7 years of professional experience in software development in lieu of a degree 2 years development experience in CCPREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:Strong software design and development skillsWorking knowledge of control theoryExperience designing fault tolerant softwareThorough knowledge of computer architecture and networksKnowledge of physics, math, and electronicsStrong skills in debugging, performance optimization and unit testingCreative approach to problem solvingAbility to work effectively in a dynamic environment with changing needs and requirementsAbility to work independently and in a team, take initiative, and communicate effectivelyADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:Note that an active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions; if so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testingMust be willing to work extended hours and weekends as neededCOMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: Pay Range:    Software EngineerSenior: 160,000.00 - 220,000.00per year    Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.ITAR REQUIREMENTS:To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.