SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MAINTENANCE ENGINEER
The Maintenance Engineer is responsible for providing engineering support on planned and unplanned repairs, modifications, and upgrades of production equipment in Falcon, Dragon, Raptor and Starship programs in Hawthorne. Maintenance Engineers are the primary technical resource for maintenance technicians, and support day-to-day resolution of the most challenging technical issues facing the team. Maintenance Engineers take end-to-end ownership of equipment improvement projects; from concept, through design and implementation. This role plays a key part in maximizing critical production equipment availability; enabling SpaceX to rapidly pursue its mission to make life multiplanetary.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Lead maintenance technicians to troubleshoot and resolve technically complex equipment failures
Perform root cause analysis (RCA) and action corrective measures to address equipment, process and behavioral gaps
Develop and execute complex improvement projects to maximize production equipment availability
Complete hands on in-depth repairs of equipment mechanical, electrical, fluid, pneumatic and control system failures
Coordinate internal and 3rd party resources to scope and execute repairs, overhauls and equipment upgrade projects
Leverage feedback from maintenance technicians to drive improvements to work instructions and processes
Coordinate with internal Equipment Reliability Engineering, Tool Engineering and Automation Engineering teams to design and implement machine upgrades
Create, modify, and update preventative maintenance instructions to eliminate recurring failures or low value add tasks
Interface with engineering, quality, production and procurement to resolve any hold factors blocking production

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
6 months of hands on experience in an manufacturing environment (internships and project work are applicable)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years of troubleshooting technical problems in a manufacturing environment
Experience with MRP, ERP and CMMS systems
Hands-on experience with automated industrial equipment
Experience leading technicians through troubleshooting and performing root cause analysis
Experience coordinating projects with contractors and third parties
Capability to interpret mechanical drawings, electrical schematics, GDT and PIDs
Demonstrates critical thinking and problem-solving skills
Strong interpersonal and diplomacy skills; capable of communicating summarized accomplishments in a fast-paced environment
Detail oriented, organized, and able to demonstrate a high sense of urgency
Experience using Microsoft Office Products, Smartsheet, Jira, SQL and PowerBI

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Physical effort including standing, lifting, and carrying equipment up to 30 lbs. unassisted
Ability to work in outdoor environments as needed
Must be available to work extended hours and some weekends
Willing to travel for short trips as needed, up to 10 travel

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Maintenance Engineer Level I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year  Maintenance Engineer Level II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.