SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. We are developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SUMMER 2024 BUSINESS OPERATIONS INTERNSHIPCO-OP
SpaceX seeks extraordinary students to join us for Summer 2024 business operations roles. As an intern, you will work closely with your mentor and other employees who will help you apply your knowledge and grow your skills on projects that have a significant impact. Youll also get to have some fun and network with other interns and employees through optional social and professional events. If youve demonstrated a commitment to academic success and motivation to apply your knowledge outside of the classroom, you are a great candidate!
Internships are available with a variety of teams across the company in Brownsville, TX; Cape Canaveral, FL; Hawthorne (Los Angeles), CA; McGregor (Waco), TX; and Redmond (Seattle), WA.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Must be enrolled in a bachelors degree or graduate degree program
3 months experience in corporate and business functions (data analysis, finance, human resources, IT, government affairs, legal, and supply chain management is applicable)
Applicant for this intern position must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful permanent resident (e.g., green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

GPA of 3.5 or above
Strong interpersonal skills (examples: leading a student organization or working successfully in teams)
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with attention to detail
Ability to work cross-functionally with different groups and teams
Ability to work effectively in a dynamic environment with changing needs and requirements
Ability to work independently and in a team, take initiative, and communicate effectively

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Able to work full time, onsite for a minimum of 12 consecutive weeks beginning in May or June 2024
Able to provide own transportation for positions at Brownsville, Cape Canaveral, and McGregor locations

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:
Business Operations InternFreshmanSophomore: 24.50hour    Business Operations InternJuniorSenior: 25.00hour    Business Operations InternCompleted Bachelors: 25.50hour    Business Operations InternCompleted Masters: 26.00hour
Your salary will be determined by academic level. Pay is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for a stipend to subsidize relocation costs, as well as access to our comprehensive medical coverage and a 401(k) retirement plan. Students joining SpaceX through our internship program will receive the opportunity to attend presentations from company leaders, social and networking events, as well as professional and personal development trainings. Interns are also eligible for paid company holidays. SpaceX offers 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here. 

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
TEAM DESCRIPTIONS:
FINANCE: The finance organization owns all aspects of accounting and finance for SpaceXs operations. You will be a key contributor in automating processes, managing projects, and tracking the performance of our manufacturing and supply chain teams.
HUMAN RESOURCES: Supports a diverse employee population with crucial services for the full-employee life-cycle. HR interns could support internal and external customer service, employee onboarding, HRIS administration, implementing local and company-wide programs.
LEGAL: Supports SpaceXs mission in many legal areas, including corporate finance and structure, international trade compliance, intellectual property protection, and government contracts. Legal interns will support legal research and analysis, reporting on specific legal risks and mitigation approaches, and contract preparation and negotiations. 
PURCHASING: The SpaceX purchasing team is responsible for ensuring lowest product cost and risk through supplier management, strategic negotiations; spend analysis and continuous process improvement. An intern joining this team would expect to gain first-hand experience analyzing supplier and spend data, communicating with suppliers, purchasing direct andor indirect goods or services, and support of various projects like creating and implementing new processes.
SPACEPORT OPERATIONS: Supports the various functions necessary to ongoing operations within our own Spaceport community. Spaceport Operations Interns are hospitality-focused problem solvers supporting various operations including food and beverage, housingaccommodations, transportation, facilities and on-site amenities. This is an exciting opportunity for students in majors such as hospitality management or business administration, management to apply their knowledge to a real-world challenge and gain hands-on experience in a fast-paced hospitality environment.
SUPPLY CHAIN BUSINESS OPERATIONS: Improves and develops the business processes that enable SpaceX to design, build, launch and reuse the most advanced rockets in the world. Interns in this group will help innovate and improve efficiencies to ensure that the Supply Chain team is continuously evolving to meet its internal customer demands and to achieve SpaceXs overall mission of sending humans to Mars.