
SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
DEBURR TECHNICIAN - 2ND SHIFT
The Deburr Technician is a critical part of our Development team. This role will be responsible for the final finishing of all parts, pieces and components coming out of our Sheet Metal facility, as well as some parts from the machine shop. Strong attention to detail and the ability to stand and concentrate for long periods of time are required for this position. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Grind, file, or sand surfaces of metal items, utilizing a variety of hand tools, power tools, and machines
Examine surfaces in order to find defects
Remove defects and smooth uneven surfaces
Clean and organize work area

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 year of experience utilize various grinding equipment such as; angle head grinders, pencil grinders, straight grinders, palm sanders, and routers

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years of professional work experience deburring, grinding, or machining metal items.
Completion of a technical trade program in manufacturing, machining, electronics, automotive or assembly
Ability to read blueprints and complete basic shop math
Able to bench close tolerance dimensions within what the blueprint calls for
Experience utilizing various measuring instruments-mics, veneers, ultra-sonic thickness gauges, etc.
Precision hole drilling, tapping, Counterboring, Countersinking, Reaming

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, and weekends as needed. Estimated shift time, 2nd shift: 3:30 PM  2 AM
Must be able to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:          
Deburr TechnicianLevel 1: 22.00hour
Deburr TechnicianLevel 2: 24.00 - 28.00hour              
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.