SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
IT NETWORK ADMINISTRATOR
SpaceX is looking for a network administrator with experience in networking technologies that support routing, switching, VoIP and WiFi. This employee will be a member of the IT Networking team, which is responsible for maintaining a stable, reliable and diverse network. This network supports the designing, manufacturing and launching of rockets, spacecraft, satellites as well as human space flight. The position will be directly involved with supporting the campus network using our reliable design standards. The ideal candidate will be a great communicator, able to document work in a ticketing system, excel at multi-tasking, resolve issues to prevent failures and enjoy a fast-paced high-tech environment.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Procure, configure and install network hardware including switches, access points, UPS and PDUs
Troubleshoot and resolve network related issues
Plan and coordinate network outage windows with stakeholders to perform software updates, hardware refreshes and general network maintenance
Perform wireless surveys to determine coverage gaps and implement solutions
Configure and troubleshoot network access control (NAC) and other security features
Perform job walks with customers, vendors and contractors to gather network requirements and create implementation plans accordingly
Build and maintain our IDF rooms across our campus in accordance to our network standards
Monitor network health using in-house and 3rd party tools
Continuously create and update network documentation
Manage our network hardware inventory

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

3 years of experience in network administration
High school diploma or equivalency certificate

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Understanding of the OSI model and network standards
Hands-on experience with one or more the following:

Cisco Catalyst and Arista data center class switches
Cisco wireless LAN controllers or other wireless technologies
Wave Division Multiplexing and Fiber Optics
DNS, DHCP, SNMP, IP helpers, ARP, CDP, LLDP
Switch port security features
Network monitoring tools
Documentation and procedural installation


LinuxWindows system administration
Industry standard certifications such as CCNA or CCNP

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to pass Air Force background check for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg
Must be willing to work overtime and occasional weekends when necessary to support launch and critical project timelines
Ability to lift heavy objects up to 25 lbs. unassisted

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              
Pay Range:         IT Network Administrator: 85,000.00 - 115,000.00per year      
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.         
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.