SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
FLIGHT RELIABILITY ENGINEER (STARSHIP) 
The Starship Flight Reliability Engineer has the primary responsibility of identifying, documenting, and managing risk for the Starship and Super Heavy vehicles. This individual will work with design teams, build teams, and operations teams to ensure the best outcome possible on flight and test days for these vehicles. This role will also work on console to coordinate and facilitate real time risk conversations during major test operations and flights at the orbital launch pad. Various projects will be assigned that will help reduce or track risks to the program and vehicles.
Preferred location is Starbase, Hawthorne or Cape Canaveral also available (inquire about others). Level of role to be set based on individuals skill level.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Take ownership of risk tracking for a Starship Vehicle or component (Starship, Super Heavy booster, launch pad, Engine) and manage risk of that item throughout testing and flight
Support technical reviews including vehicle state machine reviews (software), joint operations reviews (between ground and vehicle teams), and CONOPs reviews as required to understand and provide feedback to operations
Organize and run flight readiness reviews to ensure technical readiness and flight data reviews to track action items and learnings from flight. Drive actions and findings to completion. Use risk, mission workflow, and change as tools to ensure technical readiness
Clearly communicate technical risks to the executive leadership team
Real time (on console) support for test and flight as the authority for vehicle risk, communicating to leadership and executive team as required. Drive on-console resolution of technical risks to achieve successful test or flight outcome 
Support anomaly investigations as needed via use of tools such as fault trees, fishbones, and 5 whys. Work to resolve anomalies on day of test and launch in real time on console
Influence and drive the implementation of process and tools to an appropriate balance for the Starship program, including risk, change, and mission workflow
Run projects or tool improvements to help the starship program better manage and understand technical risk
Support regulatory and customer reviews as needed

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in engineering, science, math or other technical discipline
3 years of experience with engineering problem solving in design, analysis, or test of systems

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

5 years of experience in aerospace engineering field (design, analysis, or test at the large assembly or system level)
SQL andor Python experience
High proficiency with basic computer applications (word processing, spreadsheets, presentations, email)
Experience with anomaly resolution and documentation of anomaly reports and lessons learned databases
Experience with engineering risk management, engineering configuration, and change management
On console test experience or support of launch andor large-scale test operations
Strong communication and interpersonal skills, including the ability to work remotely (if working in location other than Starbase) and clearly and concisely communicate weekly progress and roadblocks
Self-starter and willing to continuously learn new skills to drive the process and technology of Starship hardware development and testing

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Travel is required to support test and launch operations (if located other than Starbase or Cape), up to 50
Day of launch and lead up to launch support required, night and weekend work will be required based on test and launch schedules

ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.