SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars. 
FPGAASIC DESIGN ENGINEER (SILICON ENGINEERING) 
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 1M users worldwide. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe. 
We are seeking a motivated, proactive, and intellectually curious engineer who will work alongside world-class cross-disciplinary teams (systems, firmware, architecture, design, validation, product engineering). In this role, you will be developing cutting-edge next-generation FPGAs and ASICs for deployment in space and ground infrastructures around the globe. These chips are enabling connectivity in places it has previously not been available, affordable or reliable. Your efforts will help deliver cutting-edge solutions that will expand the performance and capabilities of the Starlink network.   
RESPONSIBILITIES:  

Design digital ASICs andor FPGAs for Starlink projects, implementing complex SoC blocks and SoC integration tasks 
Implement or integrate design blocks using VerilogSystemVerilog 
Optimize designs for power, performance and area 
Participate in the design process starting with high-level conceptual and architectural discussions and ending with micro architecture and design partition within the ASIC andor FPGA 
Participate in all phases of ASIC andor FPGA design flow (e.g. synthesis, timing closure, verification) 
Work with ASIC backendimplementation teams as needed 
Bring-up and validate ASICs and FPGAs in the lab 
Collaborate with software engineers in developing production software for your designs 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering or computer science 
2 years of experience working with ASICs andor FPGAs 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

ASICFPGA system integration experience 
Software design and development skills 
Experience in designing DSP, digital communication system datapath blocks, andor modem design 
Experience with multi-core CPU subsystem design and integration
Excellent scripting skills (cshbash, Perl, Python etc.) 
Experience with EDA tools such as HDL simulators (e.g. VCS, Questa, IES), HDL Lint tools (e.g. Spyglass), FPGA tools (e.g. Xilinx Vivado, Altera Quartus II) 
Experience and understanding of AXIAHBAPB protocols
Ability to work in a dynamic environment with changing needs and requirements 
Team-player, can-do attitude and ability to work well in a group environment while still contributing on an individual basis 
Enjoys being challenged and learning new skills 

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Ability to work long hours and weekends as necessary to support critical milestones  

COMPENSATION  BENEFITS:          Pay range:     FPGAASIC Design EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year     FPGAASIC Design EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year            Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience. 
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS: 

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. 
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.