SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars. 
SOFTWARE ENGINEER (BUILD AND FLIGHT RELIABILITY) 
Software Engineers on the Build Reliability Process Development team are responsible for developing and improving the software that enables SpaceX to reliably design, build, launch, and reuse rockets and spacecraft. They are expected to have solid business acumen and the ability to turn loosely defined problem statements into working systems and code.  
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Develop, implement, and continuously improve software and business processes needed for nonconforming hardware management, configuration management, manufacturing and assembly, product traceability, rocket reusability and maintenance, and other critical businessproduction systems. 
Own all aspects of software engineering and product development
Act as responsible engineer for various software platform systems
Work directly with customers to deep dive into their problems and find efficient solutions
Balance management of technical debt for owned systems with strategic project execution
Collaborate across disciplines including engineering, production, test, launch mission operations, supply chain, mission management, build and flight reliability, and management to ensure efficiency and consistency across the organization

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or STEM discipline and 1 years of professional software development experience OR 3 years of professional software development experience
Experience in full stack development 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Programming experience in Python, C, .NET, Go, Scala, Java, or similar object-oriented language
1 years of rigorous experience building single page web applications
Database experience with PostgreSQL, SQL Server, or similar database technologies
Front-end experience in Angular, React, or similar JavaScript framework
Experience with version control, continuous integration, and continuous delivery concepts
Deep understanding of testing, continuous integration, build, deployment  monitoring
Expertise in profiling and improving application performance
Experience working in an operations or manufacturing environment
Project management experience, particularly related to creating or overhauling cross-functional business processes in a manufacturing environment
Ability to write clear and concise technical documentation

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work extended hours, weekends, and offsite as required. Occasional travel may be required
Ability to pass Space Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: Pay Range:Software EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per yearSoftware EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.

ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.