SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
 
MAINTENANCE SPECIALIST (STARSHIP)
 
The Maintenance Specialist will be involved in solving equipment and tooling problems on a daily basis in order to improve SpaceX asset availability. This will include setting up processes and systems to ensure equipment reliability of up to 98. SpaceX doesnt shut down production for maintenance, and instead we find ways to predict failures and perform the maintenance without interrupting production. This role will require direct work with the engineers and technicians who design and build unique machines and perform risk analysis together to map out the maintenance strategy and find the best condition monitoring systems to monitor the performance.
 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 


Responsible for maintenance, troubleshooting and repairs on assets to ensure their proper operating condition
Track and maintain calibrated measurement devices to required specifications
Troubleshoot, diagnose and repair control devices such as PLCs, HMIs, CNC controls from various manufacturers
Collaborate, advise and support manufacturing teams on complex problem resolution
Setting up asset maintenance strategies using risk based and reliability centered maintenance methodologies
Maintain asset documentation and preventative maintenance plans in a proprietary MRPERP system
Identify and maintain critical spare strategy
Perform root cause analysis to inform future improvements and strategies
Calculate key performance indicators such as mean time between failures, mean time to repair, planned downtime, etc. Interpret this data and understand the factors influencing the metrics to further improve asset uptime and maintenance efficiency and effectiveness


BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:


High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of experience working on mechanicalelectrical maintenance projects
4 years of experience handling maintenance planning and reliability in a manufacturing environment


PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:


Associate degree in mechanical, electrical, aerospace, systems, or manufacturing engineering
Extreme trouble shooting and problem-solving skill sets
Experience developing preventative maintenance plans and identify critical spares
Millwright skills and abilities and industrial multi-craft and mechanical trades
Experience in maintenance, calibration, troubleshooting, process controls and controls systems
Experience or proven ability with continuous improvement or Lean programs
Detail oriented, organized, and demonstrate a high sense of urgency
Self-starting, able to identify areas for improvement with minimal direction
Strong analytical and written skills


ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:


Ability to stand up for up to 8 hours during the day
Ability to lift 25lbs. and work directly with the hardware on the floor while being comfortable stooping, bending, pulling, pushing, climbing and standing (including on lifts and ladders)
Position may require overtime and weekend work


COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
 
Pay range: 
 
Maintenance SpecialistLevel 1: 28.00hour
Maintenance SpecialistLevel 2: 32.00hour
Maintenance SpecialistLevel 3: 36.00hour  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.