SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
WIRELESS NETWORK ENGINEER (IT)
SpaceX is looking for an experienced wireless network engineer with a strong background in designing, deploying and managing wireless networks in an enterprise environment. This employee will be a member of the IT Networking team, which is responsible for managing SpaceXs wireless networks across all sites. This network supports the designing, manufacturing and launching of rockets, spacecraft, satellites as well as human space flight. The position will be heavily focused on designing, building and troubleshooting wireless networks at Starbase with occasional travel to other sites. The ideal candidate will be a great communicator, able to document work, excel at multi-tasking and enjoy a fast-paced high-tech environment.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Design access point placements for new wireless network deployments
Work closely with the network infrastructure team to ensure access points are deployed in desired locations and to our standards
Perform wireless surveys to identify coverage gapsperformance concerns and implement remediation efforts
Troubleshoot wireless issues across a large enterprise deployment
Schedule and perform software and hardware updates
Procure and manage wireless hardware inventory
Monitor wireless network health using in-house and 3rd party tools
Create and maintain proper documentation of our wireless networks across all sites

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in a STEM discipline and 3 years of professional experience OR 5 years of experience with hands-on networking engineering experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Strong understanding of wirelessRF technologies
Experience with CBRS deployments
Hands on experience with the following:

Cisco wireless LAN controllers or other wireless technologies
Cisco DNA Center
Ekahau wireless products
Network monitoring tools
Network documentation

LinuxWindows system administration
Industry standard certifications such as CCNA, CCNP, or CCIE

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:         Wireless Network Engineer: 120,000.00 - 160,000.00per year                           
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.                         
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.