SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
CMM PROGRAMMER (BUILD RELIABILITY) - 2ND SHIFT
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Select and utilize standard gauges to ensure quality. Inspect feature tolerances by selecting the tool with the required accuracy
Set up Romer ARM or CMM to achieve the desired inspection
Identify engineering and design GDT issues and errors creating ambiguity in the manufacturing and inspection process
Work with cross functional teams to apply process improvement
Work to identify improvement by building of SpaceX team awareness to quality policies and procedures in support with company goal
Read GDT requirements as applied to the engineering drawing and drawing notes
Spot interpretation issues as applied to dimensions written or evaluation to requirements
Complete inspections of flight hardware as required

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of CMM programming experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

3 years of CMM experience, including programming on multi-sensing CMMs (vision, laser, touch probe, etc.)
Familiar with FanucSiemens CNC control for on-machine probing
Ability to assist with designingdeveloping quality gauging to improve efficiencies
Understands and adheres to ISO 9001
Able to read and understand all drawing criteria, GDT, notes and tolerances
Experience with set-up of CMM or Romer Arm
Knows when and what tool is required to complete the job at hand

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available to work 2nd shift hours (3:00pm to 1:30am). Must be able to work overtime andor weekends as needed
Ability to lift 25 lbs. unassisted
Ability to lift, stand, climb, bend, grasp, sit, pull, push, stoop, stretch, and carry are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Able to use hands to handle, control, or feel objects, tools or controls, exposure to sounds and noise levels that are distracting

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 
Pay range:
CMM ProgrammerLevel 1: 30.00 - 38.00hourCMM ProgrammerLevel 2: 34.00 - 43.00hourCMM ProgrammerLevel 3: 38.00 - 48.00hour
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Non-exempt Washington employees are eligible for sick leave in accordance with Washingtons Sick Leave policies.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.