SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SECURITY OPERATOR 3
The Security Operator provides the critical first impression of the organization and its security requirements for employees, customers, vendors, and guests at each of its facilities. SpaceX leadership depends on the professionalism and character of our Security Operators to welcome, assist, and act as a comprehensive source of SpaceX information, while ensuring the safety and security of its facilities and operations overall. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Responsible for tracking special events and visits
Provide high quality customer service to employees, contractors, and visitors
Interface with high-level internal and external stakeholders
Ensure thorough knowledge and effective implementation of all access control, escort, and tour protocols and procedures for employees, customers, vendors, and guests at SpaceX facilities
Coordinate with Security leadership and the SpaceX Protective Operations Center (SPOC) as necessary to:

Initiate timely and effective notifications and response measures for incidents or emergencies
Assist emergency response personnel dispatched to a SpaceX site
Monitor site surveillance camera system
Prepare clear and concise written incident reports
Report maintenance, facility, and technology issues and alarms


Build collaborative working relationships with other SpaceX departments or teams (including, but not limited to, facilities, human resources, and employee health  safety), SpaceX leadership, and—where applicable—with landlords and building owners, regarding day-to-day security operations, as well as special events or emergency situations
Due to the various type and scope of operations performed and sites utilized at SpaceX, Security Operator responsibilities may vary at each campus in order to ensure the most effective and secure operations at all sites. This may include, but is not limited to: standing post, escort duty, tours, and various tasks as directed
Oversee the implementation of multiple projects without direct supervision

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
5 years of experience working in a customer service or facility security related capacity

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Ability to navigate complex support needs, and build solid relationships with internal stakeholders
Bachelors degree
U.S. Government Security Clearance
Strong customer service and relationshipteam-building skills
Exceptional communication skills both oral and written
Ability to de-escalate disputes andor conflict(s)
Prior military, law enforcement, or security-related experience
Active First AidCPRAED certifications
Experience with Microsoft Office, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook
Experience with OSINT tools (Dataminr, Ontic, Mediasonar, Skopenow, Fivecast, SILO, etc)
Demonstrated experience utilizing Esri ArcGIS for geospatial analysis

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Availability to work any schedule needed, including, but not limited to: overtime, nights, weekends and rotating schedules
Position is subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing
Ability to occasionally stand in a static position for extended periods
Valid drivers license
Possess or be eligible for a valid state security officer license   
Ability to pass Air Force background check for Vandenberg       

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:                  
Pay range:      
Security OperatorLevel 3: 26.00hour              
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.  
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.