SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
MANUFACTURING SPECIALIST, PCB (STARLINK)
SpaceX is developing a low latency, broadband internet system to meet the needs of consumers across the globe. Enabled by a constellation of low Earth orbit satellites, Starlink will provide fast, reliable internet to populations with little or no connectivity, including those in rural communities and places where existing services are too expensive or unreliable. We are looking for talented, creative, and driven specialists to drive manufacturing tools and processes, from initial concept development to full scale production.  You will drive the relationship between engineering, development, and production teams and will interact regularly with department leadership.  The success of Starlink depends on the quality, reliability, cost, manufacturability, throughput, security, and user experience of the products that you deliver.
As a Manufacturing Specialist on Starlink, you will take ownership of state-of-the-art production processes and equipment for manufacturing our printed circuit boards (PCBs). This position is responsible for the development, implementation, and operationalization of equipment, facilities, tooling and manufacturing process technologies necessary for high volume production.  Your work will form the backbone for millions of next generation devices used all over the world. For homes, schools, businesses, vehicles, planes, or boats, this team plays an instrumental role in ensuring high-speed connectivity is available to all who need it.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Execute new product introduction builds
Program, load, and operate automated equipment
Triage non-conforming product and drive resolution and preventative actions
Resolve production issues while ensuring design integrity, product quality, and delivery timelines
Facilitate a close relationship with the engineering team during design, build, and test to provide design feedback; provide clear communication between the design engineering team and the production floor
Lead efforts to uncover root-cause and develop a permanent resolution on issues found during production
Ensure the successful transition of products from development to volume production
Identify continuous improvement opportunities for yield, performance, and cost
Define maintenance schedules and support activities

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of professional experience in a hands-on manufacturing environment; OR bachelors degree in an engineering, math or science discipline

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Associate or bachelors degree in an engineering, math or science discipline
Experience with PCB manufacturing equipment in a production setting, or experience with PCB processes, including copper plating, chemical etching, photolithography, layuplamination, CNC drilltrim, waste water treatment, andor plasma etching systems
Experience with applying lean manufacturing principles
Ability to create and deliver presentations for design and manufacturing readiness reviews
Experience transitioning products from design to manufacturing as part of a cross-functional team in a fast-paced iterative design environment
SPC knowledge and experience applying statistical methods to track process capability
Demonstrated experience designing tooling in a manufacturing environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be open to work overtime andor weekends as needed
Nominal hours - 1st shift: 5 AM - 3:30 PM, 2nd shift: 3:30 PM - 2 AM
Must be able to lift up to of 25 lbs. unassisted
Must be able to walk and stand for long periods of time
Must be comfortable working in a production environment with extensive use of hazardous chemicals such as acids, alkalis, and solvents
Must be able to wear appropriate PPE for lab and electro-chemical manufacturing environment
Must be comfortable with climbing up and down ladders, grasping, standing, lifting, bending, pulling, pushing, stooping, stretching, carrying, crawling, and maneuvering in tight spaces
Able to travel for business trips as needed (up to 10)

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Manufacturing SpecialistLevel 1: 30.00 - 38.00hour    Manufacturing SpecialistLevel 2: 34.00 - 43.00hour    Manufacturing SpecialistLevel 3: 38.00 - 48.00hour        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.