SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH  SAFETY ENGINEER
As part of a small, hardworking team of technicians and engineers, you will provide technical expertise and assist in implementation of all Environmental, Health and Safety programs at the Rocket Development  Test Site in McGregor, Texas. The ideal candidate is highly skilled with both environmental and occupational safety fields, hands-on, and works well in a fast-paced environment. We work as a highly integrated team and job responsibilities will include helping other programs to ensure the overall success of SpaceX.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Create and deliver life safety course trainings including: Lockout-Tagout, Respiratory Protection, Hot Work, Fall Protection and Confined Space
Manage training administrative requests

About 50 of time spent on training activities


Work closely with test engineers and technician teams to perform detailed safety reviews of complex hazardous operations to ensure safe execution
Lead or assist in all aspects of incident investigations including initial follow-up, root cause analysis, and corrective action development and closure
Develop and maintain compliance with all applicable regulations andor guidelines established by OSHA, NFPA, and NIOSH and other applicable regulatory agencies
Collaborate with department leadership to complete job hazard assessments and implement health and safety policies and procedures
Implement and develop Safety and Health programs including but not limited to: 

OSHA General Industry and Construction standards
HAZCOM, Hazmat, cryogenics, compressed gases 
Confined Space, Fall Protection and Lock-OutTag-Out
Radiation and Laser Safety


Implement and develop Environmental programs including but not limited to: 

SPCC  SWPPP 
Title V Air Permitting
LQG Hazardous Waste Management


Develop safety solutions that to resolve EHS hazards concerns within cost and schedule constraints following a safety order of precedence to include elimination, substitution, engineering controls, work practice controls, training, and Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) to ensure that safety of personnel, property, and the environment are within acceptable risk boundaries
Monitor employee exposure to physical and chemical hazards
Inspect facilities, machinery, and safety equipment in order to identify and correct potential hazards and ensure compliance with all applicable regulations
Develop, implement and maintain safety contingency plans (fires, spills, etc.)
Develop and maintain compliance with all applicable regulations established by the EPA, CERCLA, RCRA, DOT, ATF, TCEQ, TRRC and other applicable regulatory agencies
Perform environmental compliance and due diligence audits to ensure compliance with all applicable regulatory agencies

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree
3 years of experience in the design, development and general operational oversight of environmental, health and safety disciplines

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in engineering with an emphasis in occupational health and safety andor environmental engineering
Demonstrated ability to research and apply the best industrial and working practices to provide effective services
Knowledge of Process Safety Management methods, pressure systems, and chemical delivery systems
Strong knowledge and experience in interpreting, applying and documenting federal, state and local safety and environmental regulations
Experience with emergency response communication and incident management in incidents involving hazardous and non-hazardous material releases to air, soil, and water
Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook)
Strong organizational and communication skills            

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:                         
Pay range:     EHS EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per yearEHS EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year     
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.            
               
 