SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. METALLURGICAL ENGINEER, SUPPLY CHAIN (RAPTOR)
This position will support our Raptor program and requires a combination of proven leadership and technical capabilities. This is a highly technical position that requires practical experience in process engineering and new product development through to stabilized production for the machined components and assemblies used in rockets and rocket engines. The ideal candidate will have a broad understanding of the machining and assembly of metallic components and associated processes with the desire and capability to take on new challenges in unfamiliar areas to help enable our mission to Mars.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Lead new cutting-edge material development at mills for proprietary SpaceX materials
Enforce strict requirements at mills world-wide to ensure we are receiving aerospace-grade materials for the Starship program
Act as the metallurgical point of contact for all purchased metallic raw materials and semi-finished products; coil products, sheet metal, stainless steels, mill products, castings, forgings, tubing, etc. used on our vehicles and engines, solving emergent challenges at suppliers and mitigating risk to the manifest by addressing high-impact manufacturing and quality challenges
Lead technical quality issue and non-conformance resolution, while functioning as liaison between purchasing, engineering, manufacturing and suppliers
Work with procurement to source exceptional suppliers and qualify them appropriately for quality and the ability to meet our aggressive takt times
Partner with suppliers to develop the capability to produce products unique to SpaceX, typically expanding their product line into new materials andor processes
Develop and approve process controls to control critical characteristics
Conduct design for manufacturing (DFM) reviews to ensure parts are manufacturable at early stages, preferably prior to sourcing
Own the new product introduction (NPI) process at suppliers for new parts, drawing changes, or when re-sourcing existing parts to a new supplier
Recommend technical product improvements to reduce risks to quality and delivery, and potential defect opportunities
Review and assess supplier manufacturing processes and quality systems
Provide feedback as appropriate on manufacturing methods and technologies
Manage supplier improvement plans
Improve quality performance of suppliers by conducting workshops at supplier locations, providing technical assistance in developing a quality system, or other technical support as required
Demonstrate innovation, technical excellence, attention to detail, self-direction, and courage
Drive for results and customer satisfaction
Collaborate with teams, lead projects, and continuously drive improvement in the supply base

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
5 years of experience with manufacturing andor inspection of mechanical products in a production environment

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in metallurgical engineering or materials science  engineering
2 years of experience with TIG, MIG, and resistance welding of stainless steel
Familiarity with metallic mill products in the alloys and product forms used on our launch vehicle and engines, primarily stainless steels
Experience with coil products, tubing, castings andor forgings
Broad familiarity with the ancillary processes associated with the production of metallic parts, e.g., NDE, heat treatment, etc.
Technical capabilities including knowledge of 2D blueprints and model drawings
Knowledge of supplier quality processes; Production Part Approval Process, Advanced Product Quality Planning, First Article Inspection Reports, etc.
Knowledge of statistical techniques and methods like design of experiments, Six Sigma, etc.
Experience with Quality Systems (ISO 9000TSAS9100NADCAP)
Disciplined approach to problem solving - 8D
Proficient in MS Office applications and report writing
Knowledge of lean concepts
Experience with sharing information and influencing others; strong written and verbal communication skills, able to liaise cross functionally, internally and externally, make presentations to team members and management
Experience with MRP or ERP systems

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work extended hours, some nights andor weekends as needed to meet major milestones
Must be able to travel - up to 50 work week travel may be required, including international travel
This position is based in Hawthorne, CA and requires being onsite - remote work not considered
Valid drivers license is mandatory

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:
Sr. Supply Chain Engineer: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k)-retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.