SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
STRUCTURES TECHNICIAN (COMPOSITES)
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Trim and finish composite and composite metallic assemblies
Assemble structures including setup, bonding and fastener applications
Surface prep, using grit blast, hand abrade and power abrasion techniques
Repair composite defects
Use tooling holes, pilot holes, or by hand (as required), per drawing or tooling instructions
Align parts and secure in place using clecos or toolinghand clamps
Check for good edge margins and alignment
Select drill bits, reamers andor countersinking tools for pilot and full size holes
Drill, ream, countersink full size holes in partsassemblies, in proper sequence and to correct size using drill motor
Set countersinking tools to proper depth as required
Disassemble parts and deburr holes using chip chasers, deburring tools, and files to prepare for installation of fasteners
Load and unload ovens to bond detail parts to assemblies
Handle and dispose of hazardous materials in approved manner
Determine and obtain correct type and size fasteners
Cold work holes to prepare for close tolerance fastener installation
Install bushings into housings using arbor press andor hydraulic puller
Apply liquid nitrogen to facilitate installation of bushings
Install fasteners in correct sequence per drawing, using correct tools (e.g., rivet gun and bucking bar, drill motor, power screwdriver, C-squeeze, ratchet wrench, nut runner)

 BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
1 years of experience using hands tools in the aerospace, manufacturing, marine or automotive industry

 PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience with reaming, honing andor countersinking of uniform close tolerance holes in proper sequence while using the correct tool for the job (e.g., rivet gun and bucking bar, drill motor, power screwdriver, C squeeze, ratchet wrench, nut runner)
Experience reading and interpreting engineering drawings, an understanding for drawing symbols, flag notes and general notes
Experience working with composites
Ability to follow written and verbal instructions, read SOPs (standard operating procedures)
Attention to detail and accuracy while working within a fast-paced production environment

 ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Standing for long periods of time, climbing up and down ladders, bending, grasping, sitting, pulling, pushing, stooping, and stretching are generally required to perform the functions of this position
Able to lift and carry up to 25lbs. unassisted
Able to climb ladders and work in tight spaces
Willing to work all required shift hours, overtime and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Structures Technician Level 1: 20.00 - 27.00hour    Structures Technician Level 2: 25.00 - 32.50hour    Structures Technician Level 3: 30.00 - 38.00hour        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 