SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
GNC SOFTWARE ENGINEER (FALCON)
SpaceX is hiring a software engineer embedded in the Falcon Guidance Navigation and Control (GNC) team.  Falcon GNC performs trajectory design and vehicle simulation and participates in recurring launch operations. This position will augment the team with additional software expertise for developing GNC-focused tools.  SpaceX is the industry leader in launch cadence, and the tools will push the launch rate even higher by streamlining the analysis and operations of launch, entry and landing, and fairing recovery of every Falcon mission.  Additionally, you will directly support missions by performing mission design, pre-flight GNC analysis and sit on console during mission operations. 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Create analysis tools, applications, and execution pipelines that allow vehicles to be flown quickly, reliably, and robustly for the GNC team
Design and lead development of new software projects
Review existing tools and processes and drive more efficient or more reliable approaches
Participate in all phases of a mission, from feasibility analysis and research to concrete mission design and launch operations
Perform trajectory design, optimization, and dispersion analysis for Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy launch vehicle missions for all phases of flight including ascent, entry and landing, and fairing recovery

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering, math, or scientific discipline and 2 years in a software engineering role
2 years of experience with Python and Python based development frameworks
Professional or academic experience with physics andor experience with software as it relates to the physical world 
Experience in any of the follow: orbital mechanics, flight dynamics, classical dynamics, modeling, robotics, or simulation

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Strong competency in software development practices including testing and continuous integration
Professional experience in web applications development
Experience working directly on engineering or scientific computing problems
Educational or professional background in Guidance, Navigation, and Control
Demonstrated project or professional experience in launch vehicle andor spacecraft systems
Professional experience with other programming languages such as CC or JavaScript
Experience with high performance computing systems or large scale data analysis systems
Deep understanding of one or more modern persistency systems
Focus on performance bottlenecks and performance improvement techniques

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:


Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed


COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    GNC EngineerLevel I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year    GNC EngineerLevel II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k)-retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.