SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. PROPULSION ANALYST, STRUCTURES
Raptor structural analysts ensure that the worlds most advanced rocket engine is capable of withstanding formidable pressures, extreme temperatures, vibrations, accelerations, and aerodynamic loading from liftoff to landing. These engineers have a keen eye for detail and complex physics that enable the successful performance of Starships engines. If you possess an affinity for physics, structural mechanics, advanced computing, and unraveling intricate challenges while occasionally working with engine hardware, a structural analysis role may be for you!
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Conduct, document, and present static, thermal, dynamic, and durability analyses on the Raptor engine through FEA and first principles to inform design decisions and ensure reliability and performance requirements are met
Collaborate in driving necessary analyses throughout engine component design cycles
Ensure model predictions are grounded in reality through a practical hands-on approach
Assist in the organization and improvement of integrated system models
Seek out and evaluate state-of-the-art analysis techniques and tools
Work closely with hardware and test teams to drive model anchoring and improvements to engine design
Mentor new employees

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical, aerospace, physics or other engineering discipline
5 years of professional experience in structural, thermal, and finite element analysis using commercial tools, such as Ansys, Nastran, or Abaqus

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Proficient in statics, mechanics of materials, durability, dynamics, and heat transfer
Experience with FEA setup and post-processing
Able to perform hand calculations to validate and improve models
Ability to debug simulations and programs
Previous experience in the aerospace industry and familiarity with aerospace standards
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Demonstrated ability to deliver on schedule

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:             
Pay range:Propulsion AnalystSenior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year
Actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
At SpaceX, we value diversity and are committed to fostering an inclusive workplace. We encourage all qualified applicants to apply, regardless of gender, race, religion, age, sexual orientation, or disability status. We believe diverse perspectives drive innovation.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.      
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here. 

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 