SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
AUTOMATION  CONTROLS TECHNICIAN (STARSHIP)
Working for the Automation  Controls team, the Automation  Controls Technician will be responsible for the installation and commissioning of new automation assets, panel builds and drawing updates. Additionally, the Automation  Controls Technician will occasionally assist maintenance with troubleshooting and repairs of existing assets.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Wire and commission Electrical and Pneumatic automated control systems.
Build control panels per schematics
Work with external vendors to build and install panels
Modify and update existing tooling
Modify and troubleshoot simple PLC software
Redline electrical and pneumatic schematics for automated tooling
Own installations and perform early risk mitigation through daily communication with engineering, customers, and other concerned teams
Promote 5s principles of organizing and sustaining efficient and presentable team workspaces.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalent certificate
Minimum 3 years of experience in a controls technician role

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Occupational trade school qualification in an electrical based field preferred
Strong knowledge of NFPA 70 (National Electrical Code), NFPA 79  UL508A codes
Experience in a production environment, particularly as it relates to automation technology
Demonstrable hands-on skill in fault finding, problem resolution
Excellent mechanical aptitude
Strong communication skills both written and oral. Ability to bring multiple departments with different priorities together and support them in achieving common goals
Experience in building multiple panels, following drawing sets, back to back
PLC  HMI programming experience
Electrical schematic drawing experience
Excellent skills in Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Understanding of agile workflow and continuous improvement
Demonstrated leadership experience, able to leadsupervise a team.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to perform job duties that require standing, kneeling, crouching, twisting upper body, working in cramped positions in small openings
Ability to work at elevated heights (200 feet)
Ability to perform physical tasks such as climbing up and down stairs andor ladders regularly throughout the day
Ability to lift light weight supplies or materials (up to 25lbs unassisted)
Available to work overtime and weekends when needed based on site operational needs; flexibility required
Work performed in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, flashing lights, heat, cold, rain, and noise
Occasional travel to other SpaceX or 3rd party facilities, up to 25

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
Pay range: 
Automation  Controls Technician Level 1: 21.00hour
Automation  Controls Technician Level 2: 26.00hour
Automation  Controls Technician Level 3: 31.00hour  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.