SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PROPULSION ENGINEER (MERLIN DEVELOPMENT AND HARDWARE)
Merlin Propulsion Engineers are responsible for ensuring flightworthiness of engine hardware and software throughout the life cycle—from initial build, through acceptance testing, and into flight (and re-flight) operations. You will exercise extreme ownership over engine hardware and drive all processes necessary to increase engine life as we continue to push the bounds of reusability. Additionally, you will be responsible for driving reliability-improving and rate-enabling initiatives to maintain the long-term success of Falcon as the most-flown, most-reliable launch vehicle in existence.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Fully own critical spaceflight hardware  every employee at SpaceX assumes profound responsibility for their hardware
Lead Merlin development and qualification test campaigns as we continually extend qualified engine life
Perform design, analysis, development engineering, and flight operations tasks for Merlin engine propulsion systems
Interact with engineers and technicians from all disciplines, including production, test, launch, avionics, GNC (guidance, navigation  control), flight and ground software, mission management, flight reliability, and more
Work closely with commercial and governmental customers to ensure 100 mission success
Exercise risk-conscious decision-making skills under pressure
Implement and maintain rigorous hardware and software verification and validation processes through practical application of automation and process controls
Work closely with the launch sites to develop and improve critical inspection procedures
Lead anomaly investigations related to your hardware and rapidly push them to resolution while simultaneously implementing corrective actions to prevent reoccurrence
Practice flexible prioritization and scope management in order to deliver on group directives

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
1 years of professional experience with hands-on hardware experience performing fabrication, assembly, andor testing
1 years of academic or professional experience related to combustion devices or rocket engine development
1 years of academic or professional experience using CAD to design partsassemblies

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in mechanical engineering or aeronauticalastronautical engineering
Demonstrable proficiency in the basic principles of compressible and incompressible flow, thermodynamics, combustion, structural and fracture mechanics, and materials
Experience with manufacturing processes such as CNC milllathe, welding, castings, additive, etc. and proficient with the fundamentals of Design for ManufacturingAssembly (DFMA)
Full engineering lifecycle experience (design trade, CAD design, prototyping, manufacturing, testing, qualification, production, reuse)
Experience making risk evaluations andor supporting root cause investigations
Analyticalscientific programming experience (Python, Matlab, etc.)
Professional experience using Siemens NX (Unigraphics) and ANSYS strongly preferred, Fluent or other comparable CFD package also desirable
Ability to work well in a collaborative team environment including daily interactions with technicians, engineers, and managers
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with both internal and external customers

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willing to travel in support of launching and testing of hardware
Willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              
Pay Range:   
Propulsion EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Propulsion EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year            
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.      
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.