


SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SUPERVISOR, LAUNCH PAD TECHNICIANS - NIGHT SHIFT
Lead a dedicated team of technicians to support launch operations at our West Coast launch site on Vandenberg Air Force Base. Be there on the ground floor, get your hands dirty, and contribute directly to the success of future launches.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Supervise and provide daily support to the launch pad fluids technicians
Assess candidates, and provide recommendations in the hiring process
Plan, schedule, assign work, and assess completed work
Ensure employees have the training, tools, and materials they need to carry out their duties
Monitor and approve employee time keeping records; enforce best practices in line with time and attendance policies
Identify process improvements and develop strategies for increased efficiency and improved safety
Communicate how performance will be measured, and provide collaborative direction to team members in order to effectively manage performance and discuss career development
Complete performance reviews, and work with leadership to calibrate

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
5 years of experience in an aerospace, aviation, automotive, or manufacturing environment
1 years of prior leadership experience leading a team or project

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

5 years of experience as a technician with fluids systems
Experience working at a rocket launch site
Knowledge of high pressure pneumatic, hydraulic, and cryogenic fluids systems
Knowledge of all types of borescope inspection equipment
Understanding of fluids system schematics and procedures related to launch operations
Ability to be diplomatic with a variety of individuals across the organizational infrastructure
Skill in operating and manipulating machinery and various hand and power tools requiring manual dexterity
Able to utilize precision measuring instruments
Knowledge of different fittings such as NPT and KC
Intermediate skill level using Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Power Point, Outlook)
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Able to work at elevated heights
Physical effort including standing, lifting, and carrying moderately heavy materials or equipment (up to 35 lbs. unassisted)
Typically exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments - heat, cold, rain
Work occasionally performed in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise
Ability to pass Air Force background check for Vandenberg
Able to travel to other work sites as needed
Able to work some flexible hours (supporting different shifts) occasionally as business needs dictate
Must be willing to work Night Shift (5PM - 5AM)

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:       
Pay range:      
Supervisor: 105,000.00 - 135,000.00per year      
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.


