SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
DRAGON LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEM ENGINEER
As a Dragon Life Support Systems Engineer at SpaceX, you will have the opportunity to utilize your knowledge, experience, and creativity as the owner of a portion of Dragons life support and thermal control systems. Our Life Support Systems team focuses on the Dragon spacecraft, and develops the necessary systems to allow Dragon to maintain and support life on board in addition to maintaining thermal conditioning of avionics, propulsion, structures, and mechanisms across the spacecraft. This is a challenging role that covers the full product life cycle from piece part and component manufacturing and testing, to vehicle and mission operations, through refurbishment and maintenance across multiple worksites. You will collaborate with various partners across production and manufacturing, space operations, launch operations, and flight and build reliability organizations.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Own a portion of the life support and thermal control systems aboard the SpaceX Dragon space capsule, consisting of system level requirements and component hardware ownership
Perform thermal, structural, and fluids analysis as part of the design process
Perform CAD modeling and drafting for new hardware development
Define acceptance testing and qualification requirements, perform development and qualification testing to prove out design, and formally document test results
Support build and capsule refurbishment through troubleshooting build problems and work to simplify and streamline recurring work to enable a higher launch cadence with higher reliability and lower labor hours per mission
Support mission operations by providing real-time input during flight, completing data reviews and monitoring system performance, and working with partners to simplify operation of systems

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
1 years of hands on experience driving the design and development of mechanical components or systems (internship and project team experience is applicable)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Hands-on experience with fluid (liquid andor gas) handling systems
Experience using data acquisition equipment, as well as test instrumentation and control components: pressure transducers, thermocouples, resistance temperature detectors, etc.
Experience with HVAC systems and air ducting
Experience with NX or similar CAD software
Experience with fluid system schematics and fluid component selection
Experience with drafting and Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerance (GDT)
Experience with pressurized structures andor lightweight aerospace structures
Demonstrated ability to work independently and rapidly learn and apply technical concepts and processes
Strong collaboration and communication skills, and ability to work well in an integrated collaborative environment across engineers, technicians and leadership

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed
Ability to pass Air Force background checks for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Life Support Systems EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    Life Support Systems EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.