SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. SpaceX has successfully upended the pace of development and operations within the space industry. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SENIOR MISSION INTEGRATION ENGINEER, SYSTEMS (TOP SECRET CLEARED)
In this role, you will lead and integrate system trades of various launch vehicles, spacecraft, and sensors, as well as analyze a wide variety of solutions to meet mission needs. You will have great latitude to be creative, conceiving and testing various approaches to determine which is best suited to meet technical and programmatic objectives. You will work with a multi-disciplinary team to recommend candidate approaches and support the development of operational concepts and interfaces at the mission, segment, system, and sub-system levels. You will identify key performance parameters and constraints to enable mission success and future capabilities. In addition, you will perform system architecture studies as well as write and coordinate interface control, requirements, and concept of operations documents. An ideal candidate has a strong technical background in space vehicle design, integration, and verification across the program life cycle.
As a member of our Mission Management team, you will serve as a core point of contact for customers from early capabilities studies through successful delivery. Youll also support new business proposals from initial requirements negotiation through final handoff and validation.
We are looking for engineers who enjoy solving complex problems, can work effectively in a fast-paced environment, and are passionate about advancing the space industry. This is a high-impact role that contributes to SpaceX mission to get humans to Mars
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Key technical leader in all phases of development from initial proposal development through successful test, flight, on-orbit commissioning, demonstrations, and mission execution
Own distillation of customer mission requirements into actionable development criteria, objectives, and verification plans
Develop system requirements and interface control documents based on trade study results
Coordinate mission modeling and capabilities assessments in support of system design trades
Drive development of system concept of operations including spacecraft GNC design, payload operations  integration, and design reference missions
Collaborate with subsystem representatives across team boundaries to consider all necessary trades and ensure end-to-end mission success
Evaluate open architecture standards and recommend changes to support operational approaches
Work with all internal and external stakeholders to drive prototype hardware and software development
Lead all customer reviews and ensure that contract deliverables are delivered on time and per the customers expectation

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in engineering with a minimum of 5 years of industry experience
3 years of technical project management experience
5 years of systems-level engineering experience
5 years of experience working hands-on with hardware or software technical projects (school and project work is acceptable)
Professional experience working with spacecraft, with a broad understanding of spacecraft avionics and systems
Active Top Secret, Top Secret SCI, or DOE Level Q clearance

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

Masters degree in an engineering field
Minimum of 8 years of industry experience
8 years of systems-level engineering experience
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with direct experience negotiating technical deliverables or scope
Experience working with cross-functional teams and external customers
Experience in space mission modeling and or spacecraft operation
Experience with open architecture development approaches and standards
Experience with orbital dynamics, rocket propulsion, and communications
Experience with mechanical systems
5 years of experience working with US government, NASA, or commercial spacecraft entities
2 years of professional experience with Matlab, python, C
Highly detail oriented, diligent and hardworking
Passion for advancing the commercial space industry
Ability to work in a fast-paced, autonomously driven, and demanding start-up atmosphere

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Active Top Secret or Top Secret SCI clearance is required. Note that an active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions. If so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing
Must be available to work extended hours andor weekends as needed to support critical milestones or operations shifts
Must be willing to travel to other SpaceX offices and customer locations as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:
Mission Integration EngineerSenior: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year     
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.