SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
GOVERNMENT SALES MANAGER (AVIATION)
SpaceX Government Sales is expanding the team to support Starlink and Starshield capabilities on aviation platforms. This role will assist in setting sales strategy, pricing, and capture of Starlink and Starshield sales for aviation platforms within domestic and international markets, for both civil and defense needs. Candidates should have a broad view of the aviation market and plan to identify and prioritize opportunities for StarlinkStarshield capabilities integration across platforms. In addition to locating suitable opportunities, the ideal candidate will be able to develop comprehensive pricing and market analysis, using quantitative modeling, so as to win competitively bid procurements. The role will own cost and pricing portions of proposal development from start to finish and will evaluate and establish key partnership opportunities with industry where advantageous.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Deliver actionable insights through data analysis and synthesize results in succinct presentations to aid senior management in decision making
Develop and maintain authoritative data sources to inform pricing, market size estimates, etc.
Dive deep into complex customer aviation markets to identify trends, insights and opportunities for SpaceX to pursue
Create and quantitatively substantiate pricing models for SpaceX products
Support development of complex proposals including pricing, strategy, and win themes
Own delivery of the cost and pricing volumes for competitive bids
Actively collaborate with engineering, customer ops, finance, and other internal business units to drive sales results and efficiency
Reconcile divergent demands of multiple stakeholders in a fast work environment

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree
5 years of experience with data driven decision making, strategy, data analysis, and forecasting
2 years of experience in business development, US Government acquisition, andor finance

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in a technical discipline
Masters degree in a technical discipline or an MBA
Direct experience with government aviation markets andor aviation communication systems
Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills, preferably in a team environment
Clear and effective written and verbal communication and strong interpersonal skills
Ability to assess market trends that indicate business opportunities several years in the future
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Strong background in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint
Experience as a management consultant at one of the top-tier consulting firms
Working knowledge of both commercial and government space launch and satellite markets
Working knowledge of the DoD acquisition process

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to travel domestically and internationally as needed (20-40)
Active Top Secret or Top Secret SCI clearance preferred, or ability to obtain one. Note that an active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions. If so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Government Sales Manager: 110,000.00 - 150,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.