SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PRODUCTION SCHEDULING SUPERVISOR (COMPOSITES)
The Production Scheduling team is responsible for developing, monitoring, and fulfilling a Master Schedule to meet the Composites part demands, including launch manifest and development hardware. The Supervisor will train Schedulers and Production Coordinators to maintain the build schedules from cradle to grave for each unit and monitor the health of the system.  This role allows for direct impact to production success and opportunities to engage with all aspects of the organization.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Maintain build schedules for programs using Smartsheets, Microsoft Excel, or similar program.
Provide daily visibility on schedule, part shortage, or resource performance.
Prepare probability-based schedules to assist management in making decisions.
Prepare work schedules, and track work progress to highlight project critical path, escalation paths and suggest remediation activities.
Provide scheduling expertise to department, company, and other personnel as required.
Perform schedule analysis on critical path and variances to optimize deliveries.
Supervise Production Coordinator and Scheduler force across both shifts.
Work closely with customers regarding shipments and daily schedule targets.
Manage part shortage escalations and remediation.
Perform fulfillment activities as needed to support production and test departments.
Work directly with resource supervisors and managers to resolve ongoing part shortages, production rate plans, part kitting processes and general floor organization events.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate.
3 years of experience with project planning and scheduling. 
1 years of experience leading a team or project.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

1 years of experience in a lead or supervisory role within a manufacturing environment.
Experience leading a team of 5 people, and the ability to work and communicate well with others in a team environment.
Ability to work with limited supervision to develop and maintain program schedules.
Bachelors degree.
SQL experience.
Experience developing schedules for medium to large sized projects.
Professional experience with Microsoft Excel and similar scheduling software.
Experience working with an Enterprise Resource Plan (ERP) system.
Strong communication skills.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Position may involve long hours and weekend work as needed. Schedule varies depending on site operational needs; flexibility required.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:       
Pay range:      
Supervisor: 105,000.00 - 135,000.00per year      
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.