SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
FPGA ENGINEER, DSP (STARSHIELD)
Starshield leverages SpaceXs launch capability and Starlink technology to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads. 
The satellite engineering team is hiring for satellite programs that are pushing the boundaries of in-space capabilities. Our missions support scientific research, classified national security space and commercial opportunities. Software engineering and innovation is at the core of these programs.  
The satellite software team is building highly reliable in-space networks, designing secure systems to guarantee access to space, and creating autonomous satellite operation systems, and more. Aerospace experience is not required to be successful here - we want our engineers to bring fresh ideas from all areas, love solving problems, and seek to make an impact on an inspiring mission. As we expand this team, were looking for versatile, driven, and collaborative engineers. 
As an FPGA engineer, DSP on the satellite digital design team, you will be designing, developing, and testing FPGAs that supports safety critical logic, sensors, optical and communications systems for SpaceXs satellite constellation. You will engage with other SpaceX engineers to discover the needs of the missions and code highly reliable digital designs which turns the mission into reality. You will be responsible for the complete lifecycle of the FPGA designs you create, including development, testing, and support.  An active Top-Secret security clearance, or ability to obtain one, is desired but not required.   
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Own the conceptual, architectural, and design components of digital, signal processing, and communication systems supporting various SpaceX satellite spacecraft 
Implement logic designs and signals processing algorithms in RTL 
Integrate designs onto FPGASoC platforms 
Bring up and validate devices that communicate to and fly in space
Work in close collaboration with RFantenna, software, and other DSP engineers to design and validate software-defined radio systems 

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

Bachelors degree in computer science, electrical engineering, math or other STEM discipline; OR 2 years of professional software development experience in lieu of a degree
Experience using Verilog, SystemVerilog, or VHDL 
1 years of experience in digital signal processing 

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: 

Experience working with complex digital designs 
Experience in different stages of FPGA development: RTL design, verification, synthesis, timing analysis, lab bring upvalidation 
Experience integrating logic onto SoC platforms and designing high-throughput PSPL interfaces 
Experience developing firmware for Xilinx FPGA platforms using the Xilinx toolchain
Experience interfacing with high-rate conversion interfaces (Xilinx RFSoC, AD9361)
Experience designing and modeling DSP blocks and algorithms (filters, modems, etc.)
Knowledge of DSP concepts including but not limited to spread spectrum, forward error correction, channel estimation, front end theory, impairment recovery, modulation schemes
Understanding of signal transformations and processing such as FFT, correlation, FIR filter, and IIR filter
Experience developing software for embedded systems in C or C, or significant experience in another software language
Simulation experience in MATLABSimulink
Scripting skills (bash, Perl, Python)
Familiar with common electronic components and comfortable reading circuit design schematics and contributing to hardware design discussions
Excellent leadership, communication and teamwork skills 

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available to work extended hours and weekends as needed to meet critical deadlines 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 
Pay Range:
FPGA Engineer Level I: 120,000.00 - 145,000.00per year
FPGA Engineer Level II: 140,000.00 - 170,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.