SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
BUILD OPERATIONS TECHNICIAN (STARSHIP)
The Build Operations Technician is responsible for building, installing, and troubleshooting fluid systems in support of the Starship production facility. The task requires both pipe fitting and installation experience.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Fabricate, assemble, and integrate high quality, high reliability gaseous and electro-mechanical sub-assemblies
Read, interpret and work from drawings as well as from controlled documentation and processes
Cable Harnesses: wiring diagrams, layout drawings, Mechanical Drawings, GDT
Assembly Procedures  Work instructions
Schematics, engineering drawings, and parts list
Perform work according to procedures, specifications, and test instructions
Operate personnel platforms (boom lifts, scissor lifts, etc.)
Use precision calibrated tools
Use various mechanical tools and perform electrical checkouts
Collaborate with production operations engineers to develop and document build and integration processes
Ensure all production services are performed on time, safely and in a professional manner

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:


High school diploma or equivalent certificate
Must have at least 1 year of experience using basic mechanical andor electronics hand tools


PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:


Experience fabricating, inspecting, or integrating wire harness and cable assemblies
Experience in the aerospace industry, aviation, military or other high-reliability operating environment
Experience with forklifts, cranes and heavy transport equipment
Knowledge of electrical and mechanical systems
Skill in operating and manipulating machinery and various hand and power tools requiring manual dexterity
Ability to use precision measuring instruments
Ability to rapidly change rolesresponsibilities while working in a high-paced, challenging work environment
Proficient with computers and the ability to use MS Office
Ability to work effectively in a team environment


ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:


Must be able to lift at least 25 lbs unassisted
Must be willing to travel up to 25. Position is based in Brownsville, TX, however work at other SpaceX facilities for extended periods for similar work may be required
Must be able to climb ladders and work in confined spaces
Must be willing to work all shifts, overtime, and weekends as needed


COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
  
Pay range: 
 
Build Operations TechnicianLevel 1: 18.00hour
Build Operations TechnicianLevel 2: 23.00hour
Build Operations TechnicianLevel 3: 28.00hour
  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  


SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
 
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.