SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. SOFTWARE ENGINEER, WIRELESS PROTOCOL (STARLINK  DIRECT-TO-CELL)
At SpaceX were leveraging our experience in building rockets and spacecraft to deploy Starlink, the worlds most advanced broadband internet system. Starlink is the worlds largest satellite constellation and is providing fast, reliable internet to 2M users worldwide. Direct-To-Cell will add ubiquitous cellular connectivity worldwide via the Starlink constellation. We design, build, test, and operate all parts of the system  thousands of satellites, consumer receivers that allow users to connect within minutes of unboxing, and the software that brings it all together. Weve only begun to scratch the surface of Starlinks potential global impact and are looking for best-in-class engineers to help maximize Starlinks utility for communities and businesses around the globe.
As a Wireless Protocol Software Engineer on these programs, you will be solving a wide range of novel engineering challenges:

Cutting-edge networking algorithms capable of connecting thousands of satellites to millions of users in real time.
Firmware, embedded and controls software running on custom hardware that flies the worlds largest fleet of spacecraft.
Infrastructure and tools enabling a highly reliable, software-defined global network.

Our software engineers are responsible for the complete lifecycle of the software they create, including development, testing, and support.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Design, implement, test, maintain, and document various layers of the protocol stack for the Starlink communications network.
Work with other teams for cross-layer integration of the protocol stack with other modules  layers.
Use network monitoring tools to analyze and monitor link layer performance. Debug and fix network reliability issues.
Participate in architecture, design, and code reviews.
Develop prototypes to prove out key design concepts and quantify technical constraints.
Collaborate with other engineers to plan and organize the development of our products.

Responsibilities may include both the Starlink broadband network, using proprietary protocols, and Direct-To-Cell network, using 3GPP standards-based protocols.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, math, or STEM discipline and 5 years of professional software engineering experience, programming with C or C; OR 7 years of professional software engineering experience, programming with C or C in lieu of a degree.
3 years of professional experience working with wireless software or network protocols.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Strong knowledge of wireless communications, networking protocols andor signal processing.
Experience in any of the L1, L2, L3 protocol stack layers in broadband access technologies such as: Wi-Fi, LTE, 5G or satellite broadband.
For Direct-To-Cell, prior experience with one or more of 3GPP protocols like RRC, RRM, SON, S1, RLC, PDCP, MAC or PHY is strongly preferable.
Creative approach to problem solving, exceptional analytical skills and engineering fundamentals.
Strong skills in debugging, performance optimization, and unit testing.
Excellent communication skills both written and verbal.
Ability to work effectively in a dynamic environment with changing needs and requirements.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be willing to work extended hours and weekends as needed

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Software Engineer Senior: 170,000.00 - 230,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k)-retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.