
SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. SUPPLY CHAIN PLANNER (LAUNCH VEHICLES)
Falcon 9 is the worlds first orbital reusable rocket, driving down cost of space entry and making space more accessible. Our Falcon program provides assured access to space for astronauts, is a provider for national security payloads, and is critical for the success of Starlink satellites. This role will be integral member of our Falcon Rocket Supply Chain Team and the supply chain subject matter expert for flight components. Along with ensuring fulfillment of critical parts, a large focus of this role will be eliminating any risks to meeting production rates, automating routines, streamlining processes, and implementing vendor contracts to meet Falcon program goals.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Plan, lead, improve, and execute against pre-established sourcing strategies with metrics tracking and results from end-to-end perspective for business and production success
Maintain accurate configuration of assemblies (BOMs)
Ensure accurate lead times, and inventory levels (including spares) to mitigate risk of production piece part shortages
Facilitate technical discussions, make vs buy decisions, launch new product introductions, and conduct should-cost modeling to ensure optimal purchase order issuance and execution
Execute risk management analysis which take into consideration past performance data, demand vs supply, and lead time stack-ups from piece part to launch vehicle integration
Optimize logistics, manufacturing, quality, orderingredistribution policies, and refurbishmentreusability planning and buying for the parts that you own
Support supplier facilities visits to identify and leverage equipment and expertise with an emphasis on meeting cost, quality, and delivery goals with strategic suppliers
Lead commercial and quality Initiatives, and spearhead initiatives to improve performance with teams that execute the strategic sourcing vision of the supply chain team
Be the go to resource for engineering, supply chain, production, and build reliability stakeholders to determine the best value sourcing, NPI sourcing plans, turn-key or buy complete strategies, logistics and lead time optimizations, etc.
Build cross functional teams and champion continuous improvement initiatives to meet or exceed cost, quality, and delivery goals
Proactively provide status and updates to SpaceX management and engineering teams on all critical supply issues
Conduct design for manufacturability reviews with support from supplier quality and engineering teams and strategic suppliers
Champion value adds value engineering projects to improve part quality and reduce cost
Execute to a supplier bid-list with preferred suppliers
Mitigate solesingle source risk and ensure continuity of supply
Develop and maintain strong relationships (Internal to SpaceX and external Suppliers)
Assess and leverage supplier technical capability, equipment, capacity, and risk in procurement
Place POs for MRP planning messages for production parts and via email signals, if required
Diagnose and resolve purchase order discrepancies and invoice issues

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Advanced degree; or bachelors degree and 2 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or 6 years of experience working in one or more of the following:

Engineering
Purchasing
Contract negotiation
Material or production planning
Operations or supply chain management
Material cost control
Master production scheduling



PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Remarkable problem-solving skills with a bias for speed and accuracy
Strong track record of leadership and team building skills
Lean or continuous improvement experience to eliminate headcount needed for daily work
Self-motivated, quick learner, and ability to prioritize efforts to meet customer and company goals
Strong technical ability to read drawings and blueprints, understanding of manufacturing processes
Ability to develop and maintain strong internal and external supplier relationships in a fast-moving and ever-changing environment
Value add engineering abilities that improve part quality, delivery, and cost
Exceptional analytical and organizational skills
Strong negotiation skills with demonstrated and tracked results compared to goals
Excellent customer service skills, produce exceptional work at all times, highly self-motivated
Effective written, verbal and presentation communication skills
Technical knowledge and skills in coding and computer applications, (e.g. MS Office Suite, VBA, Smartsheet, SQL, Confluence, JIRA, Power BI, etc.)
Detail-oriented, and able to respond quickly to a fast-moving and ever-changing environment
Holds self to highest ethical standards, and conducts all activities with the highest of integrity

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to travel - up to 50 work week travel may be required, including international travel
Must be able to work extended hours andor weekends as needed to meet major milestones
This position is based in Hawthorne, CA and requires being onsite - remote work not considered

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay Range:
Sr. Supply Chain PlannerLevel II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  


SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
