SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. PROGRAM SECURITY OFFICER (TOP SECRET CLEARED) 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Support personnel security and related programs for U.S. Government launch contracts
Assist with the preparation and processing of U.S. Government forms SF85, SF85P, and SF86
Review, track, and monitor security clearance processing activities
Administer personnel security files
Coordinate additional security requirements such as, polygraphs and special access indoctrinationsdebriefings
Facilitate associated badging and access
Assist with initial security clearance briefings, debriefings, and security-centric education
Process classified visit requests
Maintain accountability of associated program materials
Support the physical security programinfrastructure
Conduct pre-travel and post-travel security briefing
Assist with programmatic inspections
Attend and support various customer meetings and working groups

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
5 years of combined security-related experience specifically as a U.S. Government employee or U.S. Government contractor, performing responsibilities such as preparing U.S. Government forms SF85, SF85P, and SF86, processing security clearances, and assisting with security briefingsvisits
Active Top Secret or Top Secret SCI clearance. Note that an active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions. If so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree
Strong knowledge of NISPOM, IC directives, and related security policy and procedures
Strong knowledge of the electronic questionnaires for investigations processing (e-QIP) systemfamiliarity with other U.S. Government systems inclusive of DISS

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Favorable completion of a U.S. Government polygraph pursuant to employment
Ability to travel in support of programmatic requirements

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  
Pay Range:    Sr. Program Security Officer: 110,000.00 - 145,000.00per year       
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.