SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
CIVILSTRUCTURAL ENGINEER
As a member of the Construction Projects Team, you will work with a group of elite engineers across multiple disciplines to design, build, and activate infrastructure for a variety of projects at the both the Rocket Development Facility in Texas as well as other facilities across SpaceX. This position is based in McGregor, TX.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Lead the project team, consulting engineers and contractors throughout the entirety of the civil and structural engineering, procurement, construction, and commissioning process
Develop and issue drawings, design documentation, and reports for aerospace, industrial, and commercial type projects
Perform both civil and structural design and analysis calculations for structural steel and concrete
Write, negotiate, and manage construction contracts with subcontractors across multiple disciplines through contract close-out
Manage the civil and structural aspects of construction projects
Interact with contractors, fabricators, owners, and clients
Provide direct onsite engineering inspections and field observations
Resolve design and construction conflicts in the field in real time
Provide technical engineering supportinformation to ensure constructionmaintenance complies with all standards, codes, and specifications

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in civil engineering, structural engineering, or other engineering discipline
6 months of experience as an engineer with a focus in design or build of structural infrastructure (internships count)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Professional Engineering (PE) license
4 years of experience as an engineer with a focus in design or build of structural infrastructure
Knowledge of American Institute of Steel Construction (AISC) steel manual, American Concrete Institute (ACI) code 318, American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) 7, and International Building Code (IBC)
Experience with AutoCAD, Revit, or similar design software
Experience with SAP 2000, STAAD Pro, RISA-3D, Etabs, or similar analysis software
Knowledge of processes of governing permitting agencies such as building departments andor environmental agencies
Understanding of other disciplines such as: mechanical, electrical, piping, geotechnical, and surveying
Experience with project management of major construction projects including estimating, cost control, schedule, and contractor management
Experience with at least three of the following project delivery phases: 1) conceptual layout and high-level trade studies 2) detailed engineering design and development 3) request for proposalsquotes, contract issue 4) supervision of construction to completion 5) work punch lists and certificate of occupancy (CO) with building official
Sound communication skills

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work on ladders, lifts, and at elevated heights (up to 300 feet) with proper PPE
Ability to respond to emergencies to support priority projects, missions, and launches
Available to work extended hours and weekends as needed based on site operational needs; flexibility is required
Must be able to work in extreme outdoor environments when needed  heat, cold, wind, rain, etc.
Must be able to work in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise
Must be willing to travel to other SpaceX sites when needed (up to 30)

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:
Civil EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    Civil EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 