SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
POLICY, SATELLITE POLICY (SPECTRUM COORDINATION)
Starlink provides high-speed broadband across the United States and around the world. SpaceX is looking for a motivated selfstarter who will direct SpaceXs spectrum coordination with other operators, and engage in policy advocacy related to spectrum coordination as needed, to enable and protect the provision of SpaceXs ground-breaking Starlink service. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Develop and guide SpaceXs spectrum strategies to further SpaceXs regulatory, policy, business, and technology objectives for Starlink globally, particularly in relation to spectrum coordination, sharing, and access.
Lead technical and non-technical spectrum coordination discussions with public and private satellite and terrestrial operators to represent and promote the companys positions.
Help develop, organize, and drive technical analyses pertaining to radio frequency interference for purposes of spectrum coordination and sharing, including interfacing with SpaceX radio frequency engineers to understand current and future Starlink technologies and their use in operation and to carry out interference analyses.
Draft and negotiate coordination and operational agreements to share spectrum with other operators and users of radio frequency spectrum.
Represent and promote company policies and positions before U.S. and non-U.S. government agencies and other stakeholders, particularly in relation to spectrum coordination, sharing, and access.
Draft pleadings, letters, and other advocacy pieces to promote SpaceXs spectrum policy positions.
Help support company positions at the International Telecommunications Union that relate to spectrum coordination, sharing, and access.
Interface with members of the satellite policy, regulatory, licensing, and engineering teams in relation to spectrum coordination and sharing strategies and activities.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

5 years of experience in the telecommunications or another technical industry or as an attorney with telecommunications or technical matters such as patent litigation andor technology transactions.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in engineering, physics, computer science, or another technical field.
Juris Doctor degree.
Experience negotiating agreements with other companies.
Familiarity with spectrum coordination.
Knowledge of radiofrequency spectrum technology andor electromagnetic theory.
Familiarity with computer simulations.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to travel (up to20)
Ability to work extended hours and weekends if needed

Pay Range:     
Principal, Satellite Policy: 150,000 - 205,000per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.     
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.