SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PRECISION INSPECTOR (MACHINING)
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Complete surface plate workinspection of machined aerospace parts
Inspect supplied product according to the applicable drawing and or work order specifications to verify that it conforms to all design requirements
Perform complex inspections following standardized methods
Complete in-process inspection, visual andor dimensional inspection of precision machined parts
Interact proactively with production to improve products and reduce defects
Communicate and help resolve quality related issues
Document non-conformances in accordance with prescribed procedures and processes
Support quality management system policies and procedure documentation, assess compliance to company and industry standards, initiate and lead continual improvement and lean manufacturing initiatives
Work in a cross functional environment utilizing PC-DMIS programming skills as applied to DCC CMMs
Create, maintain and verify CMM programs used for the measurements of manufactured and supplied parts
Perform documentation review and verification of certifications, specifications, and conformance to design and specification requirements

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
2 years of quality inspection experience

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Understanding of ISO 9001AS9100 quality management systems
Solid computer skills in Microsoft Word, Outlook and Excel
Ability to review drawings and identify improper calloutsdatum structures, according to ASME Y14.5
Thorough understanding of all layout inspection tools (surface plate, height gage, indicators, calipers, micrometers, gage blocks, thread gages, etc.)
DCC (direct computer controlled) CMM with PC-DMIS software experience
1 years of experience with blueprint reading, shop math or GDT
Experience working in a machine shop

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be able to work all shift hours, able to work overtime andor weekend as needed.
Must be able to lift up to 25 lbs. unassisted 
Must be able to stand for extended periods  8 hours min

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 
Pay range:    Precision InspectorLevel 1: 23.00 - 31.00hour    Precision InspectorLevel 2: 28.00 - 37.00hour    Precision InspectorLevel 3: 33.00 - 43.00hour  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.