SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SR. SOURCING SPECIALIST, INDIRECT PURCHASING (STARLINK)
As a member of the Starlink Supply Chain team you will support an elite group of engineers to source and activate custom tools critical to the production of the Starlink Satellite Constellation. Our team moves quickly and you must too. SpaceX has the unique ability and desire to influence and shape suppliers to be better with us as we challenge our supply chain on cost, quality and speed of execution. This roles scope will help develop the factory of the future. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Develop a preferred supplier network and leverage it to minimize cost and lead time for the fabrication and delivery of SpaceX designed equipment and machinery
Create sourcing strategies for assigned category (including equipment, services, and custom parts to reduce risk and meet targets for the purchasing department including, but not limited to, payment terms, cash targets, continuity of supply, and cost savings
Support commodities include machined parts, weldments, automationelectromechanical equipment, large machining and Blanchard grinding, finish processes, pneumatics, etc.
Solve complex, open-ended problems with an emphasis on speed and efficiency
Manage outsource fabrication projects including planning, coordinating with stakeholders, estimating completion, and manage vendor performance
Perform onsite reviews of vendor capabilities
Responsible for authoring of contract documents with the legal department
Management of contracts ensuring performance of the supplier to contract obligations
Understand interrelationships between contracts and terms while applying creativity and sound business reasoning to interpret application of contract to business needs
Maximize value and cost savings through direct negotiations as well as cost modeling (i.e. Total Cost of Ownership, Should-Cost, etc.)
Place purchase orders and resolve blocked invoices related to assigned category
Interpret engineering drawings and BOMs

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Advanced degree; or bachelors degree and 2 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or 6 years of experience working in one or more of the following:

Engineering
Purchasing
Contract negotiation
Material or production planning
Operations or supply chain management
Material cost control
Master production scheduling



PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Minimum GPA of 3.2
Solid understanding of common manufacturing processes and machines including mills, lathes, waterjet, laser cutters, welding, sheet metal fabrication, etc.
Familiar with common material finishes and coatings, including paint, powder coat, anodize, heat treatment etc.
Strong vendor management experience
Experience with contract negotiation
Ability to prioritize appropriately to meet internal customer and company needs
Effective written and verbal communications skills, with strong ability to communicate to all levels of internal personnel
Detail-oriented, self-motivated and able to respond quickly to a fast-moving and ever-changing environment
Ability to conduct all activities with integrity and urgency

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Position may require long hours and weekend work when needed 
Position may require domestic travel up to 30

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:              Pay range:          
Sr. Sourcing SpecialistLevel 2: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year                      Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.