SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
LEAD FLIGHT SAFETY ENGINEER
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Establish and execute the plan for developing and delivering flight data packages and flight safety analysis.
Train new-hires in the tools and skills necessary to accurately and adequately evaluate trajectories for impacts to mission assurance and public safety.
Lead trajectory analysis engineers, through demonstration, on developing the trades from mission to mission that maximize likelihood of flight approval while still meeting SpaceX internal goals of maximum flexibility.
Help develop the roadmap of required tool development tasks the flight safety group must undertake to meet the Starship programs launch goals.
Assist in making headcount and hiring decisions within the Starship flight safety group to ensure that the group has the talent and manpower to execute the required workload.
Analyze trajectory profiles designed by the SpaceX Guidance, Navigation, and Control team for risk to the launch site and general public.
Simulate a variety of failure modes that the launch vehicle may experience and the impact they have on meeting mission requirements and the hazards they may pose to the public.
Author flight plans and generate flight safety analysis required by 14 CFR Part 450 to obtain launch licenses for each mission flown.
Continually improve the processes of trajectory analysis and data generation through programmed automation to streamline the production of all flight plan and flight safety products.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in mechanical engineering, aerospace engineering, or other engineering discipline.
1 years of professional experience in a role dealing with orbital mechanics and aerodynamics.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

1 years of professional experience in a role requiring programming skills, including a familiarity in MATLAB.
1 years of leadership expierence.
1 years of professional experience working on launch vehicles and their fundamental systems.
1 years of professional experience in a role requiring the ability to solve complex problems as an individual or as a member or leader of a team.
Previous experience interfacing and communicating with the United States Space Force, with increased preference on experience interfacing with Federal Missile Ranges.
Strong background in statistical analysis and understanding of how it can be applied to flight trajectories.
Familiarity with methods of launch vehicle trajectory simulation and optimization, especially in the use of POST.
Familiarity with Linux systems and scripting.
Comfortable working in a variety of coordinate reference frames commonly used in aerospace.
Demonstrated professional experience in a role dealing with dynamics and physics.
Demonstrated familiarity with Python programming language.
1 years of demonstrated professional experience requiring communication and comfort interfacing with an organization outside of employer organization.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Lead Flight Safety Engineer: 125,000.00 - 175,000.00per year  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.  
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here. 

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.