SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
ELECTRICAL TEST ENGINEER (STARSHIELD)
Starshield leverages SpaceXs Starlink technology and launch capability to support national security efforts. While Starlink is designed for consumer and commercial use, Starshield is designed for government use, with an initial focus on earth observation, communications, and hosted payloads.
As an electrical test engineer, you will have the unique opportunity to design and develop test systems for all the electronic hardware on our satellites. You will be expected to create test solutions from the ground up and be the last line of defense testing and screening out all electronic hardware for our spacecraft. Our fundamental goal is to improve humanity and ultimately to explore the stars; with it comes extreme responsibility to ensure the safety and reliability or our satellites and payloads.
Were looking for people who want to dive in and get their hands dirty and those who are not afraid to make important decisions and work to provide data driven rationale. Every day we push the limits of what is possible through innovation, determination, and teamwork and were only just beginning.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Design, develop, and maintain custom test solutions for flight hardware consisting of in-house developed electronics, optics, RF antennas and modulators, and electro-mechanical hardware
Select commercial-off-the-shelf hardware andor design custom PCBAs to measure signals, apply flight-like loads, and power units under test
Write automation software in Python to interact with units under test, test equipment, instrumentation, and production documentation systems
Work closely with and consistently provide feedback to responsible design engineers, manufacturing engineers, and test lab teams to drive innovation in design and infrastructure to increase product reliability and yield
Root-cause test anomalies and failures during various states of testing and development to ensure they are understood and implement mitigations

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in computer engineering, electrical engineering, or an engineering discipline with an emphasis in electrical engineering and electronics
1 years of experience with electronic hardware development or software development (academic projects, internships, and traditional professional experience all qualify)
1 years of programming experience using Python, MATLAB, or Embedded CC

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience analyzing circuits and developing functional test plans
Experience developing object-oriented software
Experience designing and troubleshooting PCBAs
Experience with test equipment such as oscilloscopes, DMMs, DAQs and measurement techniques to verify and validate product electronic requirements
Experience with RF test equipment including spectrum analyzers, vector network analyzers, and signal generators
Understanding of electrical schematics and electronics manufacturing to analyze and improve test coverage
Understanding of metrology, sources of measurement error, and uncertainty analysis
Understanding and experience in environmental testing such as HALT, HASS, vibration, shock, thermal, TVAC, and EMIEMC
Active Secret, Top Secret or Top Secret SCI clearance, or ability to obtain one desired but not required

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Extended hours and weekend work may be required to support critical project and mission milestones
Ability to lift heavy harnesses and fixtures
Note that an active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions; if so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Electrical Test EngineerLevel I: 100,000.00 - 120,000.00per year    Electrical Test EngineerLevel II: 115,000.00 - 135,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:


To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  


SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.