SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
ELECTRICIAN 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Performs installation, maintenance, troubleshooting, and repair of industrial electrical systems, devices, equipment and components
Performs installation, repair, and maintenance of motor control centers, motor circuits, overloads, and disconnects
Performs installation, troubleshooting, and maintenance of generators, automatic transfer switches, and surge protection devices
Installs, maintains, and repairs electrical and electronic components of machinery and equipment, including hydraulic and pneumatic devices
Installs grounding and lightning protection systems
Performs work from instructions using blueprints, wiring diagrams, and schematics
Installs electrical components according to current NEC code
Installs and troubleshoots commercial lighting, receptacles, panels, circuits, and controls
Performs other related duties, as assigned, for the purpose of ensuring an efficient and effective work environment

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
3 years of experience working as an Electrician

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Associates degree
Texas Journeyman or Master Electrician license
Knowledge andor understanding of codes, rules, regulations and standards of electrical equipment
Knowledge of 3 low and medium voltage power distribution systems
Understanding of critical power and safety system design concepts
Ability to identify and implement efficient paths of action to finish the assigned work
Ability to exercise independent judgment
Experience with common trade hand and power tools and multimeters
Demonstrated ability to understand technical manuals, schematics and reports
Ability to use precision measuring instruments

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Flight hardware typically is built in tight quarters, and physical dexterity is required
Must be able to lift heavy objects, up to 35lbs unassisted
Valid drivers license and a clean driving record
Ability to work at elevated heights, up to 200ft
Typically exposed to work in extreme outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain
Work performed in an environment requiring exposure to fumes, odors, and noise
Must be available for overtime and weekends as the schedule varies depending on site operational needs; flexibility is required

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:                           
Pay range:    ElectricianLevel 1: 18.00hour    ElectricianLevel 2: 23.00hour    ElectricianLevel 3: 28.00hour    
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.   
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 