SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today, SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY OFFICER
SpaceX is looking for an experienced security professional with a deep knowledge of communications security (COMSEC) and a long history of supporting cleared programs. This employee will be a member of the companys National Security Programs Team and responsible for ensuring technical requirements for varying U.S. government programs are satisfied. The ideal candidate will flourish in a demanding and challenging environment with little direct guidance and a high degree of responsibility and accountability.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Serve as a subject matter expert on communications security and programmatic compliance.
Work with program managers to bridge the gap between high-level security policies and requirements. This includes the technical and operational implementation of those requirements.
Procure and maintain requisite COMSEC materials.
Answer questions on process, timeline, status of assets, and reporting.
Administer an inventory of communications security and other related materials.
Ensure compliance with government requirements and regulations.
Train personnel in COMSEC procedures and the use of related equipment.
Assist in writing policy, procedure, and standards.
Day-to-day support specific to internal programs and stakeholders.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalent certificate.
5 years of security experience related to COMSEC and compliance.
Active Top Secret or Top Secret SCI clearance.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree in engineering, computer science, information systemsIT, mathematics, physics, or similar technical discipline.
Superb communication skills, both written and verbal.
Ability to effectively interact with industry partners.
Demonstrated technical project management skills.
Deep familiarity with COMSEC requirements and procedures including the acquisition, maintenance, operation, and disposition of related equipment.
Experience with security policy and guiding documentation specific to COMSEC-related compliance.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

An active clearance may provide the opportunity for you to work on sensitive SpaceX missions. If so, you will be subject to pre-employment drug and random drug and alcohol testing.
Ability to travel in support of programmatic requirements to other SpaceX locations or customer sites.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:Communications Security Officer: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.