SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
NDE LEVEL II INSPECTOR, EDDY CURRENT (ET)
The NDE operations organization at SpaceX is an inclusive, inter-disciplinary team that is committed to providing high-quality inspections of flight components and production assemblies. The breadth of exposure as an NDE Inspector is immense, as the organization is responsible for a large diversity of inspection types across Falcon, Dragon, Starship, and Raptor programs. You will have the ability to engage with the process and provide continuous improvements on the mission to make humanity interplanetary.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Perform volumetric NDE inspections with advanced NDE machines
Interpret, evaluate, communicate and report findings to production and engineering teams
Interpret and review engineering drawings as required
Support the development of NDE inspection techniques for complex geometries
Support research and development of future NDE technology for operational improvements
Assist in training and development for the team

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or equivalency certificate
Non-Destructive Evaluation Level II certification in line with ASNT TC-1A, NAS-410, or DOD guidance in eddy current (ET)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Operational experience using eddy current systems for the inspection of weldments
2 years of experience as a level II non-destructive evaluationtesting inspector
Operational experience in the use of single coil inspection probes and associated systems
Knowledge of UTEX InspectionWare software or equivalent
Knowledge of NASA 5009 standards
Knowledge of AMS, AWSASME, ASTM standards
Experience with problem solving tools and techniques including: practical problem solving (PPS), and eight disciplines (8D)
Basic understanding of lean principles: 5s, Kaizen, continuous improvement initiatives
Basic computer skills and familiarity with Microsoft applications including Word, PowerPoint, and Excel
Experience inspecting advanced materials such as high strength aluminum alloys, precipitation hardened steels, inconel, titanium and maraging steel (super alloys)

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to pass Space Force background check for Cape Canaveral and Vandenberg
Ability to travel to other SpaceX locations as needed (up to 50)
Must be able to lift 25lbs unassisted; bend, stretch, stand for extended periods of time; climb stairs, reach, twist, sit, and walk
Must be willing to work overtime and on weekends if needed 

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:NDE Level II InspectorGrade 1: 23.00 - 31.00hour NDE Level II InspectorGrade 2: 28.00 - 38.00hour NDE Level II InspectorGrade 3: 33.00 - 44.75hour NDE Level II InspectorGrade 4: 38.00 - 51.50hour NDE Level II InspectorGrade 5: 43.00 - 58.25hourYour actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.