SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PRODUCTION CONTROL SUPERVISOR (FLUID SYSTEMS) - 2ND SHIFT
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Plan, prepare, issue, and control production schedules and material requirements to ensure a controlled flow of materials to meet production requirements.
Develop and maintain reports relating to product completion status and on-time performance. Advise management when on-time order delivery is in jeopardy.
Work daily with peers and superiors developing the maturity of the production planning systems in support of business goals and a continuous improvement initiative.
Correlate the planning and scheduling of orders with machine loading and labor availability to obtain optimum utilization of equipment, efficient allocation of labor, and on-time delivery of products.
Oversee the planning, releasing, monitoring, rescheduling, updating and closure of assigned work orders.
Attendfacilitate customer meetings to establishevaluate priorities and risks to manifest schedule.
Provide mentoring, training and daily guidance to team including career development and performance management.
Participate in daily production standup meetings.
Facilitate weekly clear-to-build meetings to identify and evaluate schedule risks and mitigation strategies.
Support continuous improvement of Warp Drive data integrityaccuracy.
Coordinate with external suppliers and purchasing for outsourcing on open work orders, as-required.
Ensure proper material handling and packaging to reduce handling damage.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree or 3 years of experience in material planning, scheduling, reporting or analytics.
Experience with automated scheduling systems (MRPERP).
1 year of experience leading a team or project.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

SQLExcel knowledge.
Bachelors degree in business, supply chain, management information systems, computer science, engineering, economics, or other technical discipline.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Ability to be flexible in a demanding and dynamic work environment.
Working knowledge of resource planning and materials management.
Attention to detail, highly organized, self-motivated, and ability to pivot quickly in an ever-changing production environment.
Demonstrated record of high-performance (rated 44 or above in previous review cycles).

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available for all shifts, extended hours, and weekends.
This is a 2nd Shift position: M-F, 2:00PM-12:30AM.
Ability to lift 25 lbs unassisted.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    Production Control Supervisor: 105,000.00 - 135,000.00per year    Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
 
 