SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
SUPPLIER DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER, MECHANICAL SYSTEMS (STARLINK)
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Collaborate with design engineers to gain an in-depth knowledge piece part, assembly, andor sub-system design intent
Support procurement team to strategically source parts matched with supplier competencies by reviewing and assessing supplier manufacturing processes and quality systems.
Create and define supplier technical and quality requirements based on customer and program requirements and expectations for NPI and production phases
Implement and monitor production part approval process (PPAP) with selected suppliers to enable rate production
Assure supplier understanding of product and submission requirements
Develop and approve process controls to control critical characteristics
Recommend technical product improvements to reduce risk and potential defect opportunities
Analyze supplier quality and delivery metrics to identify trends and pinpoint systemic performance gaps and root causes to drive supplier improvement plans
Provide feedback as appropriate on manufacturing methods and technologies.
Function as liaison between purchasing, engineering, manufacturing and suppliers to resolve supplier quality issues and to provide technical support
Drive supplier corrective actions associated with any escapes or containments identified in SpaceX production or the SpaceX supply chain
Demonstrate innovation, technical excellence, attention to detail, self-direction, and courage
Drive for results and customer satisfaction
Collaborate with teams, lead projects, and continuously drive improvement in the supply base

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline
1 years of manufacturing, mechanical, supply chain, or business management experience (including school projects, clubs, or internships)

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in engineering, business, or supply chain
1 years of work experience in manufacturing engineering, design engineering or other supply chain discipline
1 years of experience with mechanical assemblies, materials or processes
1 years of experience with optical systems
Experience managing external supplier partners
Proven track record of taking ownership, successfully negotiating preferred pricing and driving results
Knowledge of supplier quality processes (production part approval process, advanced product quality planning, first article inspection reports, etc.)
Knowledge of statistical techniques and methods, e.g., design of experiments, Six Sigma, etc.
Experience with quality systems (ISO 9000TSAS9100NADCAP)
Disciplined approach to problem solving - 8D
Detail-oriented, self-motivated and able to respond quickly to a fast-moving and ever-changing environment
Exceptional analytical, problem solving, and organizational skills
Effective written, verbal and presentation communication skills
Conducts all activities with the highest level of integrity

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Ability to work extended hours, some nights andor weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines
Ability to travel - up to 50 work week travel

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:
Supplier Development EngineerLevel I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year
Supplier Development EngineerLevel II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.