SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PRODUCTION CONTROL SCHEDULER (FLEET MAINTENANCE)
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Provide tactical and strategic long-range scheduling expertise to our Fleet Maintenance team
Coordinate and review input from internal customers, manufacturing stakeholders, suppliers, and business development to support and maintain master repair schedules for assets using Microsoft Office or applicable software as required
Work across all departments to understand critical work requests ahead and behind targets to mitigate schedule impact risks
Work across all departments to ensure scheduled maintenance dates align with current vehicle production windows
Utilize our fleet management application and other applicable tools to ensure work is scheduled and prioritized accurately and efficiently, and resources allocated appropriately
Prepare daily work schedules, track work progress, update and communicate project critical path schedules, and advise leadership of needed adjustments to daily work activities
Support accuracy of internal logistics movement of critical spares
Pushpull work into the shop to improve lead times, reduce stagnation, and meet schedule needs
Utilize maintenance, operations planning, and engineering support to eliminate internal and external blockers to reduce impact of downtime
Remain abreast and knowledgeable regarding applicable facilities and manpower
Lead efforts to uncover root-cause and develop permanent resolution on issues found during anomalous failures
Identify and support improvement opportunities for workflow, quality, safety, cost and team efficiency
Develop and support efforts to streamline care for assigned assets and automate preventive and predictive processes as applicable
Organize and communicate the daily priorities to maintenance leadership, team leads and supervisors as required
Provide daily visibility, weekly status, and monthly reviews on schedule performance
Create and leverage metrics using queries and Excel to highlight shortages and determine schedule risks

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree or 2 years of professional manufacturing scheduling, fleet management, service writing, or production coordinator experience.

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

2 years of experience with MS Office
2 years of practical experience with ERPMRP systems in a production environment
Proficiency with Microsoft Excel
Experience writing queries with SQL
Familiarity with lean principles, six sigma and Kaizen concepts
Project management professional certification

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available for all shifts, extended hours, andor weekends as needed
Must be able to lift up to 25 lbs unassisted
Must be able to stand for extended periods

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:               
Pay range:          
Production Control Scheduler Level I: 75,000.00 - 95,000.00per year
Production Control Scheduler Level II: 90,000.00 - 115,000.00per year   
 
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.     
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.