SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
PROPULSION ENGINEER, THERMAL  FLUID ANALYSIS (STARSHIP)
As a propulsion engineer, you will make sure that fluid consumables are in the right place and at the right conditions for the Starship program. You will make engineering decisions to improve vehicle performance and reliability.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Per-mission analysis on attitude control systems, propellant conditions, tank pressurization systems etc. to maximize performance while staying robust.
Automate workflow above to reduce engineering investment in per-mission analysis.
Pursue performancerobustness improvements.
Pursue operational simplicity and seek to reduce burden on other groups at SpaceX.
Produce quality documentation of your work to reduce miss-rate and improve efficiency.
Review peer work.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline.
At least 1 year of experience using engineering simulation software such as MATLAB (student project team and internship experience qualifies).

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Masters degree in an engineering discipline.
2 years professional experience with thermal or fluid analysis.
Strong understanding of spacecraft andor launch vehicle propulsion systems and fluid components.
Experience with 0-D and 1-D thermalfluid networks.
Working knowledge of scripting languages (specifically Python).
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Ability to deliver against an aggressive schedule.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Must be available to work extended hours and weekends as needed.
Must be available to travel to Texas on a semi-regular basis.

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:    
Pay range:    Propulsion Engineer Level I: 95,000.00 - 115,000.00per year    Propulsion Engineer Level II: 110,000.00 - 130,000.00per year        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.