SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
BUILD SPECIALIST (STARSHIP TOOLING)
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Drive the manufacturing of projects and verify all critical information is provided to complete the project(s)
Own manufacturing, schedule, and sourcing of critical production tools
Interpret technical drawings and documents with regard to manufacturing and fabrication processes to create accurate manufacturing planning
Validate and ensure planning documents are maintained throughout the manufacturing cycle
Interact with Numeric Control (NC) programmers, welders, machinists, shop personnel, outside suppliers and engineers to ensure flawless and timely execution of projects
Communicate progress to leadership, engineering, and production teams regularly; including presenting and executing opportunities for design changes that would accelerate fabrication
Creatively work projects based on company priorities to meet and exceed aggressive need dates
Collaborate with tooling engineers on tooling design for manufacturing

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors degree in engineering, math, or science or 2-year technical school degree or technical civilian or military certifications
Experience with CADCAM
2 years of professional experience working in an aerospaceautomotive manufacturing technician, planning, direct support, or technical development role

PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Strong analytical, computer, and written skills
Skilled in reading and interpreting engineering drawings, parts lists, and specifications
Project management experience in a fabrication shop environment
Comfortable interacting daily with design engineers as well as shop floor technicians
Mechanically inclined, proficient with all types of hand tools
Knowledge of 3, 4  5 axis CNC milling, welding, waterjet programming, tooling fabrication and assembly
Hands on experience with TIG welding, orbital tube welding, tube bending, precision cleaning andor supporting processes
1 years of tooling manufacturing experience within the aerospace, automotive or metal fabrication industries
Experience with Unigraphics NX and Teamcenter CAD and PLM systems
Strong understanding and application of GDT
Ability to work with minimal supervision

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to work overtime andor weekends based on site operational needs
Flexibility required to work off shift on a rotational or permanent basis
Ability to lift 25 lbs. unassisted
Ability to stand for extended periods
Ability to stoop, bend, crawl, and maneuver in tight spaces
Typically exposed to work in outdoor environments  heat, cold, rain

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:        Pay range:    
Build SpecialistLevel 1: 28.00hour    Build SpecialistLevel 2: 32.00hour    Build SpecialistLevel 3: 36.00hour        Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short  long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation  will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. 
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.