SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars.
INTERNATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATIONS MANAGER (STARLINK)
Starlink offers high-speed, low-latency internet available anywhere on Earth via the worlds largest antenna ground station network (called gateways) and satellite constellation. The gateway team is looking for an Infrastructure Operations Manager who will help expand the footprint of Starlinks gateways in a particular region of the world. As a Manager, you will be the strategic business and operations owner in your region, responsible for building the supplier base and regional framework that will help the team identify, build, and operate gateway sites cost effectively and at scale. As our gateway footprint expands, you will be faced with tradeoffs and challenges in supplier and cost management, speed to activation, and servicereliability. Individuals in this role must be creative, fast problem solvers, ready to take on challenges outside of their comfort zone, and able to learn about and engage in highly technical problems. As a Manager, youll build a regional strategy in collaboration with Site Engineers, Network Engineers, and other cross-functional teams to ensure that Starlink can always meet our global growth goals and achieve its mission of connecting the unconnected all around the world.
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Source and establish the regional and global supplier partnerships needed to acquire, build, expand, and successfully operate Starlinks ground infrastructure
Execute agreements and develop the commercial strategies and partnerships with key suppliers that address the near-term needs of our network today, and also allows Starlink to scale quickly
Cultivate the regional business, cultural, technical, and regulatory expertise needed to assess and ensure the health and reliability of our current and future ground infrastructure
Develop best practices, tools, and benchmarks for tracking design, build, and construction timelines at scale
Assess and improve the health of our current network through analysis of operational data and performance metrics, and ensure optimal performance of every new gateway we build
Work directly with cross-functional teams, including: Engineering, Growth, Sales, Regulatory, Reliability, Legal, Billing and Payments, Finance, and Design

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Advanced degree and 3 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or bachelors degree and 5 years of experience working in one or more of the following; or 9 years of experience working in one or more of the following:

Engineering
Purchasing
Contract negotiation
Material or production planning
Operations or supply chain management
Material cost control
Master production scheduling



PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Experience working internationally or with international suppliers
Self-starting, able to identify areas for improvement with minimal direction
Ability to tackle complex and ambiguous problems, shepherd the right resources, and drive to quantifiable results
Able to adapt and build processes that can flex to changing requirements and strategy
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills and ability to articulate challenging topics to executive audiences
External supplier management, contracting, and negotiation experience
Development experience in Python, C or other object-oriented language
Experience or interest in data analysis, data visualization, andor financial analysis
Demonstrates commitment to SpaceXs goals of reusability, renewability, and sustainability

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Willingness to travel up to 25
Willingness to work extended hours andor weekends when needed to meet critical deadlines

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:
Pay range:          
Sourcing Manager: 110,000.00 - 145,000.00per year                  
Your actual level and base salary will be determined on a case-by-case basis and may vary based on the following considerations: job-related knowledge and skills, education, and experience.
Base salary is just one part of your total rewards package at SpaceX. You may also be eligible for long-term incentives, in the form of company stock, stock options, or long-term cash awards, as well as potential discretionary bonuses and the ability to purchase additional stock at a discount through an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will also receive access to comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage, access to a 401(k) retirement plan, short and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid parental leave, and various other discounts and perks. You may also accrue 3 weeks of paid vacation and will be eligible for 10 or more paid holidays per year. Exempt employees are eligible for 5 days of sick leave per year.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.  1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.  1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.  

SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national originethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceXs Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the applicationinterview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.