Our mission: to eliminate every barrier to mental health. 
Spring Health is a comprehensive mental health solution for employers and health plans. Unlike any other solution, we use clinically validated technology called Precision Mental Healthcare to pinpoint and deliver exactly what will work for each person  — whether thats meditation, coaching, therapy, medication, and beyond. 
Today, Spring Health equips over 800 companies, from start-ups to multinational Fortune 500 corporations, as a leading and preferred mental health service. Companies like J.P. Morgan Chase  Co., Microsoft, J.B. Hunt, Bumble, and Instacart use the Spring Health platform to provide mental health services to thousands of their team members globally. We have raised over 370 million from prominent investors including Kinnevik, Tiger Global, Northzone, RRE Ventures, and many more. Thanks to their partnership, our current valuation has reached 2.5 billion.We are looking for a Deal Desk Analyst to support our growing Revenue Effectiveness Team here at Spring Health! This individual will report directly to the Sr Director of Revenue Effectiveness, managing the Revenue Deal Desk function for both prospective and current customers. This role is responsible for calculating deal economics across a diverse spectrum of revenue streams, taking into account bundle and fee for service models, fixed  variable revenue, performance guarantees, and risk analysis. This individual will need to be proficient in cross-functional leadership, able to partner with different teams within the business including Sales, Customer Success, Product, Finance, and Legal to deliver high impact deal solutions  proposals that drive value for our customers and protect margin and delivery requirements for Spring Health. 
What youll be doing:

Manage Deal Desk Operations for both existing  prospective customers, with responsibility for ensuring all deals are structured within the parameters set in our Pricing  Packaging guidelines 
Own responsibility for driving Deal Desk key performance indicators, to include gross margin, turn-around, accuracy, and delivery goals
Serve as an advisor to AEs and CSMs for deal economics, developing and proposing strategic plans for how to position pricing  packaging to prospects and customers that balance the need to win and retain business with gross margin protection. 
Develop and maintain self-serve deal management tools (to include deal calculators, approval matrices,  exception request processes) that maximize efficiency and streamline deal operations
Maintain a database of quantitative and qualitative deal decisions and provide robust reporting on trends and best practices 
Work cross-functionally with finance, with responsibility for communicating deal economics and recommendations that support sustainability 
Assist with initiatives to deliver further operational efficiencies in the Deal Desk process
Maintain currency in industry-leading pricing  packaging models to best maximize value for our customers, while also maximizing deals structured to meet the goals of all cross-functional teams (Revenue, Legal, Member Growth, etc) 

 
What we expect from you:

Cross-Functional Leadership: Proficient in cross-functional leadership fundamentals and able to influence across the org to drive successful deal structuring
Servant Minded Leadership: A belief that our success as a Revenue Effectiveness team is directly tied to the success of the larger Rev organization. Act in service of the Rev Orgs goals and best interest of our customers - operate as a force multiplier and enabler of mutual success
Subject Matter Expertise: A working knowledge of our internal Pricing  Packaging guidelines as well as industry best practices, as well as typical deal structuring in the benefits and Healthcare space
Relationship  Stakeholder Management Experience: The capacity to develop strong relationships with leaders across the Revenue organization, understand their desired outcomes and needs, and process them into solutions that drive measurable value and foster our stakeholders trust in the Revenue Effectiveness team. Able to not just serve the Revenue Org, but to earn a seat at the table and serve as a resource and advisor to leaders at all levels
Project  Program Management Experience: The ability to turn desired outcomes into a tangible solution, complete with clear deliverables, action steps, item ownership, and timeline management 
Adaptability  Agility: As a new team within the Revenue Organization, the scope of what we own and the procedures we follow are still being defined. No two days will look the same, and all members of the team will be responsible for varying levels of project management, content design, and resource management. This competency captures the ability to stay open-minded, and prioritize initiatives, while contributing to the development of enduring operating procedures that keep the team efficient. 
2-3 years of Deal Desk or Deal Operations functional experience (Deal Desk, Deal Strategy  Analysis) 
2-3 years experience with Sales Enablement and deal operations tools and systems to include Salesforce, Looker, Guru, etc

 
The target salary range for this position is 86,000 - 106,250, and is part of a competitive total rewards package including stock options, benefits, and incentive pay for eligible roles. Individual pay may vary from the target range and is determined by a number of factors including experience, location, internal pay equity, and other relevant business considerations. We review all employee pay and compensation programs annually at minimum to ensure competitive and fair pay.
Dont meet every requirement? Studies have shown that women, communities of color and historically underrepresented talent are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. At Spring Health we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we strongly encourage you to apply. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles!
Ready to do the most impactful work of your life? Learn more about our values, how we work, and how hypergrowth meets impact at Spring Health: Our Values
Hypergrowth meets impact
What to expect working here:

You will be held accountable to an exceptionally high bar and impact
This may be the fastest work environment you will ever experience in terms of growth, decision-making, and time to impact
You will be challenged to set and protect your own boundaries
You will create processes  products that have never existed before
You will have very direct conversations and receive continuous feedback to push you to become the highest performer you can be
Change is a constant here: your role, team, responsibilities, and success metrics will shift as the company grows

And

You get to be surrounded by some of the brightest minds in the field  
You get to learn and grow at an extremely accelerated pace
You will experience transparency, integrity,   humility from leadership 
You will be empowered to constantly challenge the status quo
You get the space to experiment  innovate
You get to make a transformational impact for the company, mental health, and for real human lives — and you will see that impact quickly
You will become more resourceful and resilient
You get to be part of a winning team that opens doors in the future

 
Benefits provided by Spring Health:
Your Total Health:

Generous medical, dental, vision coverage available day 1  access to One Medical
20 total yearly no-cost visits to the Spring Health network of therapists, coaches, and medication management providers for you and your dependents
Flexible paid time off in addition to 12 paid holidays throughout the year
500 per year Wellness Reimbursement
Access to Gympass, an on-demand virtual benefit that provides wellbeing coaching, and budget management.
Sabbatical Leave: When youre a Team Member at Spring Health and hit your four-year Springaversary, youll be awarded a four week, fully paid, sabbatical leave. 

You And Your family:

4-4.5 months of fully paid parental leave
Spring Health provides team members and their families with sponsored access to Bright Horizons child care, back-up care, and elder care.
Access to Joshin is provided by Spring Health. Joshin is a comprehensive support system for disabilities and neurodivergence in the workplace. This benefit supports employees, their families, and our teams through personalized navigation and disability education and training along with a network of screened in-home caregivers with disability and neurodivergent experience. 
Access to fertility care support through Carrot, in addition to 4,000 reimbursement for related fertility expenses

Supporting you financially through:

Our People team benchmarks all salaries using the Radford Global Compensation Database for technology and life sciences industries. Radford benchmarks salaries with 3,589 global firms, 6.5 million employees, and 98 countries across the globe. We do this to ensure all of our team members are paid equally and competitively.
On top of competitive and benchmarked salary, Spring Health offers incentive pay (based on role), and equity that begins vesting as we celebrate your first year with the company!
Employer sponsored 401(k) match of up to 2 after 90 days of employment

Creating a culture you can thrive in:

Flexible work arrangements: 60 of Spring Health team members work fully remote while 40 work in a hybrid model from our New York City offices
Focus Fridays: no meetings, no distractions, just time for you to get work done.
Focus Weeks: In Spring 2023, we held our first ever Focus Week, we canceled all non-essential meetings, minimized distractions, and you, our team members, to dive into the key work that gets chopped up or deprioritized during the regular day-to-day. We saw a 36 jump in the average energized score after those five days of flow state work and are finalizing a plan for quarterly Focus Weeks for team members.
Up to 1,000 Professional Development Reimbursement per calendar year.
200 per year donation matching to support your favorite causes
Our privacy policy: https:springhealth.comprivacy-policy
Spring Health is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable legal requirements. Spring Health is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.