Our mission: to eliminate every barrier to mental health. 
Spring Health is a comprehensive mental health solution for employers and health plans. Unlike any other solution, we use clinically validated technology called Precision Mental Healthcare to pinpoint and deliver exactly what will work for each person  — whether thats meditation, coaching, therapy, medication, and beyond. 
Today, Spring Health equips over 800 companies, from start-ups to multinational Fortune 500 corporations, as a leading and preferred mental health service. Companies like J.P. Morgan Chase  Co., Microsoft, J.B. Hunt, Bumble, and Instacart use the Spring Health platform to provide mental health services to thousands of their team members globally. We have raised over 370 million from prominent investors including Kinnevik, Tiger Global, Northzone, RRE Ventures, and many more. Thanks to their partnership, our current valuation has reached 2.5 billion.Ideal candidate can work US Eastern Time hours and support international hours as needed.
As the Senior Manager of Global Employer Services, youll work closely with cross functional partners to build  optimize processes, drive operational efficiency, reduce friction, support clinical managers, and eliminate pain points across Global Employer Services. This is a highly cross-functional role that will require close partnership spanning Product, Operations, Marketing, Sales, and Clinical teams. You will take ownership of Global Employer strategy,  management over a team running day to day initiatives.
What youll be doing:

Developing  executing the Global Pods Employer Services strategy across core services, internal teams, and external partnerships 
Design policies and procedures related to employer services
Act as a clinical liaison and leader to manage in-house care delivery opportunities inclusive of Critical Incident Response, Management Consultations, and dedicated Onsite support
Provide training, clinical support and supervision to clinicians on the team
Monitor end-to-end program health via a data-driven approach; consistently represent the health of the program, as well as requirements for improvement with Spring Health leadership 
Partner with Strategy, Product Marketing, Sales, and Customer Success to ensure that new business initiatives are represented appropriately in the market, and evolved to support unique customer needs
Support dedicated clinical teams in activities such as assessments and referrals, ongoing case management, crisis counseling, and on-site or virtual group programs and trainings 
Focus on continuous quality improvement, clinical excellence, and solution-oriented problem solving.
Be a point of contact with EAP clinical vendor partners as assigned.

What we expect from you: 

LCSW, LPC, LMFT, or equivalent independent licensure.
5 years of behavioral health experience. Thorough knowledge of current principles and practices in the employee assistance field. 
Workplace employee assistance program experience. This could encompass managing a team of clinicians providing EAP workplace services such as Manager consults CIRs etc., andor experience in providing these services yourself. 
Candidate will be interacting with HR leaders. Excellent communication, organizational and consultative skills.
Previous experience with managing and supervising a team of licensed clinicians
You have a deep love of operations, healthcare and strategy with a proven ability to think holistically while being highly analytical and detail-oriented
You are a top performer, yet a collaborative and cross-functional leader who thrives in a culture of collaboration, accountability, and entrepreneurship
You are a self starter who thrives when given autonomy, with proven ability and desire to influence organizational change and build effective internal and external relationships
You are not afraid of getting your hands dirty and are equally comfortable balancing high-level operational strategy and in-the-weeds tactical implementation
You are empathetic, communicative, and value feedback delivered in real-time
You love working in and with teams, and want to invest deeply in building a supportive team culture
Comfortable in amorphous environments and with constantly evolving responsibilities.
Tech-savvy: very comfortable adopting new technologies and platforms and efficient in tech-related tasks

The target salary range for this position is 110,000 - 142,500, and is part of a competitive total rewards package including stock options, benefits, and incentive pay for eligible roles. Individual pay may vary from the target range and is determined by a number of factors including experience, location, internal pay equity, and other relevant business considerations. We review all employee pay and compensation programs annually at minimum to ensure competitive and fair pay.
Dont meet every requirement? Studies have shown that women, communities of color and historically underrepresented talent are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. At Spring Health we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we strongly encourage you to apply. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles!
Ready to do the most impactful work of your life? Learn more about our values, how we work, and how hypergrowth meets impact at Spring Health: Our Values
Hypergrowth meets impact
What to expect working here:

You will be held accountable to an exceptionally high bar and impact
This may be the fastest work environment you will ever experience in terms of growth, decision-making, and time to impact
You will be challenged to set and protect your own boundaries
You will create processes  products that have never existed before
You will have very direct conversations and receive continuous feedback to push you to become the highest performer you can be
Change is a constant here: your role, team, responsibilities, and success metrics will shift as the company grows

And

You get to be surrounded by some of the brightest minds in the field  
You get to learn and grow at an extremely accelerated pace
You will experience transparency, integrity,   humility from leadership 
You will be empowered to constantly challenge the status quo
You get the space to experiment  innovate
You get to make a transformational impact for the company, mental health, and for real human lives — and you will see that impact quickly
You will become more resourceful and resilient
You get to be part of a winning team that opens doors in the future

 
Benefits provided by Spring Health:
Your Total Health:

Generous medical, dental, vision coverage available day 1  access to One Medical
20 total yearly no-cost visits to the Spring Health network of therapists, coaches, and medication management providers for you and your dependents
Flexible paid time off in addition to 12 paid holidays throughout the year
500 per year Wellness Reimbursement
Access to Gympass, an on-demand virtual benefit that provides wellbeing coaching, and budget management.
Spring Health provides access to QuitGenius, a platform with technology-tailored, personalized addiction treatment plans for substance use (QG is available to benefit-enrolled employees, spouses, and dependents age 18)
Sabbatical Leave: When youre a Team Member at Spring Health and hit your four-year Springaversary, youll be awarded a four week, fully paid, sabbatical leave. 

You And Your family:

4-4.5 months of fully paid parental leave
Spring Health provides team members and their families with sponsored access to Bright Horizons child care, back-up care, and elder care.
Access to Joshin is provided by Spring Health. Joshin is a comprehensive support system for disabilities and neurodivergence in the workplace. This benefit supports employees, their families, and our teams through personalized navigation and disability education and training along with a network of screened in-home caregivers with disability and neurodivergent experience. 
Access to fertility care support through Carrot, in addition to 4,000 reimbursement for related fertility expenses

Supporting you financially through:

Our People team benchmarks all salaries using the Radford Global Compensation Database for technology and life sciences industries. Radford benchmarks salaries with 3,589 global firms, 6.5 million employees, and 98 countries across the globe. We do this to ensure all of our team members are paid equally and competitively.
On top of competitive and benchmarked salary, Spring Health offers incentive pay (based on role), and equity that begins vesting as we celebrate your first year with the company!
Employer sponsored 401(k) match of up to 2 after 90 days of employment

Creating a culture you can thrive in:

Flexible work arrangements: 60 of Spring Health team members work fully remote while 40 work in a hybrid model from our New York City offices
Focus Fridays: no meetings, no distractions, just time for you to get work done.
Focus Weeks: In Spring 2023, we held our first ever Focus Week, we canceled all non-essential meetings, minimized distractions, and you, our team members, to dive into the key work that gets chopped up or deprioritized during the regular day-to-day. We saw a 36 jump in the average energized score after those five days of flow state work and are finalizing a plan for quarterly Focus Weeks for team members.
Up to 1,000 Professional Development Reimbursement per calendar year.
200 per year donation matching to support your favorite causes
Our privacy policy: https:springhealth.comprivacy-policy
Spring Health is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable legal requirements. Spring Health is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.