Our mission: to eliminate every barrier to mental health. 
Spring Health is a comprehensive mental health solution for employers and health plans. Unlike any other solution, we use clinically validated technology called Precision Mental Healthcare to pinpoint and deliver exactly what will work for each person  — whether thats meditation, coaching, therapy, medication, and beyond. 
Today, Spring Health equips over 800 companies, from start-ups to multinational Fortune 500 corporations, as a leading and preferred mental health service. Companies like J.P. Morgan Chase  Co., Microsoft, J.B. Hunt, Bumble, and Instacart use the Spring Health platform to provide mental health services to thousands of their team members globally. We have raised over 370 million from prominent investors including Kinnevik, Tiger Global, Northzone, RRE Ventures, and many more. Thanks to their partnership, our current valuation has reached 2.5 billion.Reporting to the Senior Director of Product, Member Experience, you will directly lead a team of Product Managers and drive the roadmap and delivery of expanding the breadth of Spring Healths member experience. You will indirectly lead and collaborate across the company - engineering, design, data, operations, marketing, sales, customer success, business development, finance, and legal - to define, build, launch, and improve our products for members. You will be a critical leader on the Member Experience Product team, which is responsible for building the products that delight our members, drive engagement and outcomes, and increase the value we deliver to our customers. 
Ready to do the most impactful work of your life? Learn more about what motivates us and the ways we work to see if this is the right place for you: Our Values
What youll be doing:

Lead cross-functional teams of product managers, data scientists, marketers, designers, and engineers to achieve rapid innovation, solution differentiation, and commercial success
Identify and pursue opportunities to expand the breadth of the Spring Health member experience and unlock new business opportunities
Partner with the Operations, Marketing, and Revenue teams to develop and deliver a market-leading member experience that delivers increasingly comprehensive, best-in-class outcomes and ROI
Cultivate a high-performing product team, setting clear expectations, providing continual guidance and feedback, and fostering a culture of innovation, collaboration, trust, accountability, and growth
Integrate user experience, clinical best practices, operational efficiency, patient safety, compliance, and market trends into the roadmap for expanding the member experience 
Establish and own key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure the success and impact of product initiatives, using data-driven insights to inform decisions and optimize results
Stay informed of industry trends, competitor products, and emerging technologies to inform and influence the product strategy and direction
Recruit, lead, grow, and manage a diverse, strong, and highly motivated team of Product Managers

What we expect from you:

Aligned to our mission: to eliminate every barrier to mental health.
Bachelors degree in Business, Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field
7 years product management experience, with a proven track record of building and growing successful consumer-facing products and services, preferably in healthcare
3 years managing high-performing product teams
Exceptional analytical, problem-solving, and strategic thinking skills, with the ability to use data to inform both product and commercial decisions
A self starter who thrives in ambiguity when given autonomy and has a strong bias to action 
Strong commercial acumen, informing all priorities and decisions with a keen understanding of market needs and business goals
Experience in digital health software or b2b2c software helpful but not required
Strong program management and organizational skills, with the ability to prioritize and manage multiple initiatives simultaneously
Clear and compelling communicator. Someone who can build and deliver a great narrative and represent Spring Health to our largest customers and partners
Demonstrated commitment to cultivating an environment of safety, trust, and inclusion and building diverse, thriving teams

 
The target salary range for this position is 200,800 - 245,000, and is part of a competitive total rewards package including stock options, benefits, and incentive pay for eligible roles. Individual pay may vary from the target range and is determined by a number of factors including experience, location, internal pay equity, and other relevant business considerations. We review all employee pay and compensation programs annually at minimum to ensure competitive and fair pay.
Dont meet every requirement? Studies have shown that women, communities of color and historically underrepresented talent are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. At Spring Health we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we strongly encourage you to apply. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles!
Ready to do the most impactful work of your life? Learn more about our values, how we work, and how hypergrowth meets impact at Spring Health: Our Values
Hypergrowth meets impact
What to expect working here:

You will be held accountable to an exceptionally high bar and impact
This may be the fastest work environment you will ever experience in terms of growth, decision-making, and time to impact
You will be challenged to set and protect your own boundaries
You will create processes  products that have never existed before
You will have very direct conversations and receive continuous feedback to push you to become the highest performer you can be
Change is a constant here: your role, team, responsibilities, and success metrics will shift as the company grows

And

You get to be surrounded by some of the brightest minds in the field  
You get to learn and grow at an extremely accelerated pace
You will experience transparency, integrity,   humility from leadership 
You will be empowered to constantly challenge the status quo
You get the space to experiment  innovate
You get to make a transformational impact for the company, mental health, and for real human lives — and you will see that impact quickly
You will become more resourceful and resilient
You get to be part of a winning team that opens doors in the future

 
Benefits provided by Spring Health:
Your Total Health:

Generous medical, dental, vision coverage available day 1  access to One Medical
20 total yearly no-cost visits to the Spring Health network of therapists, coaches, and medication management providers for you and your dependents
Flexible paid time off in addition to 12 paid holidays throughout the year
500 per year Wellness Reimbursement
Access to Gympass, an on-demand virtual benefit that provides wellbeing coaching, and budget management.
Spring Health provides access to QuitGenius, a platform with technology-tailored, personalized addiction treatment plans for substance use (QG is available to benefit-enrolled employees, spouses, and dependents age 18)
Sabbatical Leave: When youre a Team Member at Spring Health and hit your four-year Springaversary, youll be awarded a four week, fully paid, sabbatical leave. 

You And Your family:

4-4.5 months of fully paid parental leave
Spring Health provides team members and their families with sponsored access to Bright Horizons child care, back-up care, and elder care.
Access to Joshin is provided by Spring Health. Joshin is a comprehensive support system for disabilities and neurodivergence in the workplace. This benefit supports employees, their families, and our teams through personalized navigation and disability education and training along with a network of screened in-home caregivers with disability and neurodivergent experience. 
Access to fertility care support through Carrot, in addition to 4,000 reimbursement for related fertility expenses

Supporting you financially through:

Our People team benchmarks all salaries using the Radford Global Compensation Database for technology and life sciences industries. Radford benchmarks salaries with 3,589 global firms, 6.5 million employees, and 98 countries across the globe. We do this to ensure all of our team members are paid equally and competitively.
On top of competitive and benchmarked salary, Spring Health offers incentive pay (based on role), and equity that begins vesting as we celebrate your first year with the company!
Employer sponsored 401(k) match of up to 2 after 90 days of employment

Creating a culture you can thrive in:

Flexible work arrangements: 60 of Spring Health team members work fully remote while 40 work in a hybrid model from our New York City offices
Focus Fridays: no meetings, no distractions, just time for you to get work done.
Focus Weeks: In Spring 2023, we held our first ever Focus Week, we canceled all non-essential meetings, minimized distractions, and you, our team members, to dive into the key work that gets chopped up or deprioritized during the regular day-to-day. We saw a 36 jump in the average energized score after those five days of flow state work and are finalizing a plan for quarterly Focus Weeks for team members.
Up to 1,000 Professional Development Reimbursement per calendar year.
200 per year donation matching to support your favorite causes
Our privacy policy: https:springhealth.comprivacy-policy
Spring Health is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable legal requirements. Spring Health is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.