Our mission: to eliminate every barrier to mental health. 
Spring Health is a comprehensive mental health solution for employers and health plans. Unlike any other solution, we use clinically validated technology called Precision Mental Healthcare to pinpoint and deliver exactly what will work for each person  — whether thats meditation, coaching, therapy, medication, and beyond. 
Today, Spring Health equips over 800 companies, from start-ups to multinational Fortune 500 corporations, as a leading and preferred mental health service. Companies like J.P. Morgan Chase  Co., Microsoft, J.B. Hunt, Bumble, and Instacart use the Spring Health platform to provide mental health services to thousands of their team members globally. We have raised over 370 million from prominent investors including Kinnevik, Tiger Global, Northzone, RRE Ventures, and many more. Thanks to their partnership, our current valuation has reached 2.5 billion.Spring Healths Customer Success team is responsible for the flawless implementation of our new customers, the support of roll-out, the driving of ongoing utilization and adoption and ultimately the management of renewals and additional revenue opportunities. 
Your mission as the Senior Director, Strategic Account Management will be to oversee a team of Strategic Account Managers that are responsible for managing the ongoing relationships of Spring Healths largest partners ranging from 30,000 lives and above.. You will work closely with the VP of Customer Success to find continual improvements in the way Strategic Account Managers proactively manage their customer portfolios leveraging data, tools and playbooks. You will ensure customers are raving fans of Spring and help the Customer Success team continue to grow and scale effectively and efficiently.
What you will do:

Oversee a high performing team Strategic Account Managers focused on building strong, value-based customer partnerships
Provide mentorship and coaching to team members to support career growth and advancement
Guide Strategic Account Managers on how to tackle escalations and opportunities within their book of business
Lead through developing strategic relationships with our customers to institute best practices, develop success plans tailored to their unique populations and drive upsell opportunities 
Establish yourself as a trusted advisor to our customers including the building executive alignment with key customer stakeholders 
Serve as a point of escalation for customer issues, ensuring quick  satisfactory resolutions
Track and report on engagement progress for customers within your team
Support customer renewal process with team members
Own an upsell quota for book of business and manage team forecasting process weekly
Continually identify opportunities to improve the customer experience and drive member engagement by providing a feedback loop to the Product, Operations, Marketing, Data Science and Clinical teams
Work closely with CS Ops to ensure that the processes are continually optimized and evolved to help scale the SAM team
Represent the voice of the customer to inform our sales process and productoperational roadmap
Support the sales team in prospect meetings to share the value of the Customer Success team to future partners
Ensure SFDC hygiene across all of your teams Accounts and Opportunities
This position reports to the VP of Customer Success

What we expect from you:

10 years experience in Customer Success  Account Management  Relationship Management, including in a B2B SaaS based solutions and platforms
Led a high performing mid to large size Customer Success team and has successfully led this team through a period of high growth 
Ability to lead a revenue generating team by understanding upsell opportunities, leaning into the sales cycle and accurately forecasting upsell pipeline
Have a proven, successful track record of portfolio retention and growth  
Provides hands on leadershipmentorship and is not afraid to dive into the details when needed
Deeply cares about customer interactions, the voice of the customer and understands how customers can elevate the brand
Results and data-driven mentality, with a bias for speed and action 
Works collaboratively across all functions of a company including sales, marketing, product, engineering, operations and data teams
Experience defining, tracking, and managing Customer Success KPIs

What wed love to see:

You have worked in the HR Benefits or Healthcare space and have worked closely with HR and Benefits leaders
You have experience using data visualization techniques to present key findings
You have experience with member communication strategies to drive engagement and utilization
You have a demonstrated passion for, and understanding of, mental illness and broader U.S. healthcare system

The target salary range for this position is 156,600 - 203,700, and is part of a competitive total rewards package including stock options, benefits, and incentive pay for eligible roles. Individual pay may vary from the target range and is determined by a number of factors including experience, location, internal pay equity, and other relevant business considerations. We review all employee pay and compensation programs annually at minimum to ensure competitive and fair pay.
Dont meet every requirement? Studies have shown that women, communities of color and historically underrepresented talent are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. At Spring Health we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we strongly encourage you to apply. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles!
Ready to do the most impactful work of your life? Learn more about our values, how we work, and how hypergrowth meets impact at Spring Health: Our Values
Hypergrowth meets impact
What to expect working here:

You will be held accountable to an exceptionally high bar and impact
This may be the fastest work environment you will ever experience in terms of growth, decision-making, and time to impact
You will be challenged to set and protect your own boundaries
You will create processes  products that have never existed before
You will have very direct conversations and receive continuous feedback to push you to become the highest performer you can be
Change is a constant here: your role, team, responsibilities, and success metrics will shift as the company grows

And

You get to be surrounded by some of the brightest minds in the field  
You get to learn and grow at an extremely accelerated pace
You will experience transparency, integrity,   humility from leadership 
You will be empowered to constantly challenge the status quo
You get the space to experiment  innovate
You get to make a transformational impact for the company, mental health, and for real human lives — and you will see that impact quickly
You will become more resourceful and resilient
You get to be part of a winning team that opens doors in the future

 
Benefits provided by Spring Health:
Your Total Health:

Generous medical, dental, vision coverage available day 1  access to One Medical
20 total yearly no-cost visits to the Spring Health network of therapists, coaches, and medication management providers for you and your dependents
Flexible paid time off in addition to 12 paid holidays throughout the year
500 per year Wellness Reimbursement
Access to Gympass, an on-demand virtual benefit that provides wellbeing coaching, and budget management.
Spring Health provides access to QuitGenius, a platform with technology-tailored, personalized addiction treatment plans for substance use (QG is available to benefit-enrolled employees, spouses, and dependents age 18)
Sabbatical Leave: When youre a Team Member at Spring Health and hit your four-year Springaversary, youll be awarded a four week, fully paid, sabbatical leave. 

You And Your family:

4-4.5 months of fully paid parental leave
Spring Health provides team members and their families with sponsored access to Bright Horizons child care, back-up care, and elder care.
Access to Joshin is provided by Spring Health. Joshin is a comprehensive support system for disabilities and neurodivergence in the workplace. This benefit supports employees, their families, and our teams through personalized navigation and disability education and training along with a network of screened in-home caregivers with disability and neurodivergent experience. 
Access to fertility care support through Carrot, in addition to 4,000 reimbursement for related fertility expenses

Supporting you financially through:

Our People team benchmarks all salaries using the Radford Global Compensation Database for technology and life sciences industries. Radford benchmarks salaries with 3,589 global firms, 6.5 million employees, and 98 countries across the globe. We do this to ensure all of our team members are paid equally and competitively.
On top of competitive and benchmarked salary, Spring Health offers incentive pay (based on role), and equity that begins vesting as we celebrate your first year with the company!
Employer sponsored 401(k) match of up to 2 after 90 days of employment

Creating a culture you can thrive in:

Flexible work arrangements: 60 of Spring Health team members work fully remote while 40 work in a hybrid model from our New York City offices
Focus Fridays: no meetings, no distractions, just time for you to get work done.
Focus Weeks: In Spring 2023, we held our first ever Focus Week, we canceled all non-essential meetings, minimized distractions, and you, our team members, to dive into the key work that gets chopped up or deprioritized during the regular day-to-day. We saw a 36 jump in the average energized score after those five days of flow state work and are finalizing a plan for quarterly Focus Weeks for team members.
Up to 1,000 Professional Development Reimbursement per calendar year.
200 per year donation matching to support your favorite causes
Our privacy policy: https:springhealth.comprivacy-policy
Spring Health is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable legal requirements. Spring Health is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.