Tock is looking for experienced and motivated Field Account Executives to support our expansion by representing Tock in several major metropolitan markets.
As a member of Tocks growing sales organization, youll be part of a dynamic group, and will get to work with some of the worlds best Chefs, entrepreneurs, and restaurant owners. You will build a high-quality, strategic pipeline of prospective customers in your territory. You will manage the end-to-end sales process while helping build the brand of Tock in your market and work with current Tock customers to make sure they are happy, referenceable, and willing to make introductions. You will also work with the larger restaurant ecosystem in your market: real estate brokers, restaurant consultants, and other partners of Tock in-market.
This is a full-time, remote role located in San Diego. You will report directly to the Sales Manager.
Youll Get To

Focus on building relationships with the top restaurants in your market
Cultivate relationships throughout the organization of target restaurants
Find a great solution for each customer using an understanding of their business and their growth plans
Pitch Tock to replace and improve current reservation systems
Establish a vision and plan to guide your long-term approach to pipeline generation
Exceed sales revenue and overall goals
Become a Tock product expert to lead online and onsite product demonstrations
Manage complex sales and develop a strategic regional plan

Who Were Looking For

7 years selling to restaurants or the hospitality industry (E-commerce or SaaS ideal)
You have experience developing the business development strategy for a new territory
Demonstrated experience meeting sales quotas
Intrinsically motivated with experience in the restaurant and hospitality industry
You have experience and want to work in a dynamic, growth stage company
You have past success selling during market creation phase
Experience using Salesforce to manage pipeline

Benefits  Perks

A choice between medical plans with 100 covered premiums
Flexible paid time off
401k with employer match
Paid parental leave
Fertility and adoption benefits
Education reimbursement
Pretax commuter benefits
Employee Assistance Program
Charitable donation match
6 Global Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)

Cash Compensation Range: 95,000 - 125,000 USD
The base salary for this position will vary based on job-related criteria including relevant skills, experience, and location, among other factors.
In addition to the cash compensation above (which includes base salary and, where applicable for eligible roles, may include on-target commissions or overtime pay), all Tock employees are eligible to receive equity in the company as part of their total compensation.
Tocks Growth

Awarded Fast Companys Most Innovative Companies for 2021
Awarded Built Ins Best Places to Work in 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023
Awarded Americas Hottest Brands of 2020 by AdAge
Won Chicago Tribunes Game Changer Award for industry innovation
Reached a global customer base of 30 countries operating in 200 cities
Processed over 1 billion in prepaid reservations
Named one of 2019s 50 Startups to Watch
Featured in: New York Times, Bloomberg, GQ, Vice, Wired, Food  Wine, Eater, Skift Table, Chicago Tribune, Crains Chicago Business, New York Post, and more

About Tock
Tock is the all-in-one system for reservations, takeout, delivery, and events. We are changing the way restaurants, wineries, and culinary event organizers run their business and how guests explore, discover, and book at these places all around the globe.
About Squarespace
Squarespace (NYSE: SQSP) is a design-driven platform helping entrepreneurs build brands and businesses online. We empower millions of customers in more than 200 countries and territories with all the tools they need to create an online presence, build an audience, monetize, and scale their business. Our suite of products range from websites, domains, ecommerce, and marketing tools, as well as tools for scheduling with Acuity, creating and managing social media presence with Bio Sites and Unfold, and hospitality business management via Tock. Our team of more than 1,700 is headquartered in bustling New York City, with offices in Chicago, Dublin, Ireland, Aveiro, Portugal, and coworking spaces in the UK, Netherlands, and Australia. For more information about our company culture, visit www.squarespace.comaboutcareers.
Our Commitment
Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customers, but we also work toward the same in our employees. At Tock, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.Thank you in advance for providing the following details about your work history from your resume! This helps us ensure that your candidate information is accurate and consistent during the hiring process.