At Squarespace, Customer Operations empowers users to give voice to their ideas and make it easy for them when they need help. Our team runs 247 with about 400 people between New York, Dublin, Portland and a remote workforce. Customer Support Associates are on the front lines working with our customers every day to ensure that issues with their account are resolved promptly. You will use your system knowledge and commitment to delivering an exceptional customer experience to solve problems for our users, but advocate for our brand.
This remote role reports to a Customer Support Team Lead. You must be able to work remotely in one of our approved US states and have both spoken and written fluency in English and Japanese (Keigo). 
Youll Get To

Respond to customer-submitted live chats and email in a timely manner
Queue-based, typing work will account for approximately 90 of the role.
Live Chat is our primary channel of support in this role.
Troubleshoot and guide customers through questions and issues with their Account, Billing, or other transactional inquiries
Independently meet targets across Quality, Productivity and Customer Satisfaction, in email and live chat.
Stay up to date on new product features and improvements
Identify isolated customer experiences and escalate important issues.

Who Were Looking For

Open availability to work a 40 hour work week that spans weekends and holidays as our customers need us.
Bilingual fluency in English and Keigo Japanese
1 years customer-facing experience required in a similar role (retail, hospitality, online support).
Expertise with written communication and the ability to spot spelling and grammar errors.
Proficiency with decoding conversations, identifying the cause, and aligning on end goals.
Capability of prioritizing competing requests.
Familiarity with the Squarespace platform.
Consistent and dependable WiFi and a personal workspace that allows you to be free from distraction and fully customer focused

Benefits  Perks

A choice between medical plans with an option for 100 covered premiums
Health Savings Account with Squarespace funding
Fertility and adoption benefits
Supplemental Insurance plans
Headspace mindfulness app subscription
Retirement benefits with employer match
Flexible paid time off
Up to 20 weeks of paid family leave
Equity plan for all employees
100 per month remote Stipend
Access to supplemental insurance plans for additional coverage
Education reimbursement
Employee donation match to community organizations
6 Global Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)

Cash Compensation Range: 37,000 - 45,000 USD
The base salary for this position will vary based on job-related criteria including relevant skills, qualifications, experience, and location, among other factors.
In addition to the cash compensation above (which includes base salary and, where applicable for eligible roles, may include on-target commissions or overtime pay), all Squarespace employees are eligible to receive equity in the company as part of their total compensation.
About Squarespace
Squarespace (NYSE: SQSP) is a design-driven platform helping entrepreneurs build brands and businesses online. We empower millions of customers in more than 200 countries and territories with all the tools they need to create an online presence, build an audience, monetize, and scale their business. Our suite of products range from websites, domains, ecommerce, and marketing tools, as well as tools for scheduling with Acuity, creating and managing social media presence with Bio Sites and Unfold, and hospitality business management via Tock. Our team of more than 1,700 is headquartered in bustling New York City, with offices in Chicago, Dublin, Ireland, Aveiro, Portugal, and coworking spaces in the UK, Netherlands, and Australia. For more information about our company culture, visit www.squarespace.comaboutcareers.
Our Commitment
Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customers, but we also work toward the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.Thank you in advance for providing the following details about your work history from your resume! This helps us ensure that your candidate information is accurate and consistent during the hiring process.