At Squarespace, Customer Operations empowers users to give voice to their ideas and make it easy for them when they need help. Our team runs 247 with about 400 people between New York, Dublin, Portland and a remote workforce. Customer Support Advisors are working with our customers every day to ensure that they are achieving success with our products. In this role, you will use your product knowledge and support experience to create customer experiences that not only resolve customer issues, but advocate for our brand.
This is a full-time remote role based in New South Wales, Australia. This role reports into a Customer Operations Team Lead also based in New South Wales. You must be available to start on November 27, 2023. 
Youll Get To...

Answer customers queries concurrently in live chat and respond to customer submitted email requests.
Queue-based, typing work will account for approximately 90 of the role.
Live Chat is our primary channel of support in this role.
Guide customers through the process of getting started which includes website setup, adding site content and design options.
Independently meet targets across Quality, Productivity and Customer Satisfaction, in email and live chat.
Learn about new product features and improvements related to the Squarespace platform.
Identify isolated customer experiences and escalate important issues.

Who Were Looking For  

Open availability to work a 38 hour work week that spans weekends and holidays as our customers need us.
1 years customer-facing experience required in a similar role (retail, hospitality, online support).
Expertise with written communication and the ability to spot spelling and grammar errors.
Proficiency with decoding conversations, identifying the cause, and aligning on end goals.
Capability of prioritizing competing requests.
Familiarity with the Squarespace platform.
Consistent and dependable WiFi and a personal workspace that allows you to be free from distraction and fully customer focused

Benefits  Perks

Fertility and adoption benefits
Headspace mindfulness app subscription
Flexible paid time off
All statutory leaves, as required
Equity plan for all employees
Education reimbursements
6 Global Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)

About Squarespace
Squarespace (NYSE: SQSP) is a design-driven platform helping entrepreneurs build brands and businesses online. We empower millions of customers in more than 200 countries and territories with all the tools they need to create an online presence, build an audience, monetize, and scale their business. Our suite of products range from websites, domains, ecommerce, and marketing tools, as well as tools for scheduling with Acuity, creating and managing social media presence with Bio Sites and Unfold, and hospitality business management via Tock. Our team of more than 1,700 is headquartered in bustling New York City, with offices in Chicago, Dublin, Ireland, Aveiro, Portugal, and coworking spaces in the UK, Netherlands, and Australia. For more information about our company culture, visit www.squarespace.comaboutcareers.
Our Commitment
Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customers, but we also work toward the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.Thank you in advance for providing the following details about your work history from your resume! This helps us ensure that your candidate information is accurate and consistent during the hiring process.