The Squarespace Incident Response  Observability team is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to lead the automation  experimentation efforts for detection, monitoring, and mitigation across Squarespace-powered systems, to protect our Customers from product and service degradations, incidents and outages, and empower our engineering staff with the self-service Observability toolkit to gain insights into our tech ecosystem, to be equipped to detect and triage.
Our team mission is to overhaul a Business Continuity program to standardize processes  workflows, mitigate risks, collect data insights from incident trends affecting business-critical uptime metrics, prepare and communicate Incident reports for a broad audience from individual contributors to C-suite executives, measure Incident frequency  volume, downtime costs, and security threats, and improve Incident Service Level Agreement metrics to our contractual commitments.
You will promote an accountability model for performance, availability  uptime Indicators that help increase resiliency to Incident Response.
This is an opportunity to build real-time KPI dashboards, outlining all business-critical uptime system event signals powering the mission to unlock 1 million Monthly Active Sellers.
As a Senior Software Engineer, you are empowered to construct the foundational layer, including the design, implementation, and maintenance of systems  tools to guide and improve Incident Response  Observability at Squarespace.
You will report directly to the Director of Engineering will be a full-time engineer based in our New York office.
Youll Get To
Develop incident alerts  observability automation, conduct analysis, create health metrics, lead investigations, and provide advisory support. Automate processes such as system  network log analysis to re-assemble and replay incident event history for root cause analysis  impact costsDesign and conduct tabletop exercises to assure organizational readiness in disaster recovery and business continuity programEstablish processes and build play-book document catalog and implement strategy around operational responses to incidents, and to protect our customers and SquarespaceBuild and contribute efforts to build the next generation Metrics Platform in the CloudBuild  refine our Observability tools that support hundreds of engineers every dayRefine the Incident Commander processes and Incident Management training
Who Were Looking For
BS in Computer Science or Engineering, or equivalent professional experienceHave 8 years of demonstrated experience as an engineerProficiency in at least 1 general purpose programming or scripting language (i.e. Golang)In-depth technical understanding to assess incident risks  significance across broader tech ecosystemRegular on-call rotation expectations
Benefits  Perks
A choice between medical plans with an option for 100 covered premiumsFertility and adoption benefitsAccess to supplemental insurance plans for additional coverageHeadspace mindfulness app subscriptionRetirement benefits with employer matchFlexible paid time offUp to 20 weeks of paid family leaveEquity plan for all employeesPretax commuter benefitEducation reimbursementEmployee donation match to community organizations6 Global Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)Dog-friendly workplaceFree lunch and snacksPrivate rooftop
Cash Compensation Range: 128,500  231,500 USD
The base salary for this position will vary based on job-related criteria including relevant skills, experience, and location, among other factors.
In addition to the cash compensation above (which includes base salary and, where applicable for eligible roles, may include on-target commissions or overtime pay), all Squarespace employees are eligible to receive equity in the company as part of their total compensation.
About Squarespace
Squarespace (NYSE: SQSP) is a design-driven platform helping entrepreneurs build brands and businesses online. We empower millions of customers in more than 200 countries and territories with all the tools they need to create an online presence, build an audience, monetize, and scale their business. Our suite of products range from websites, domains, ecommerce, and marketing tools, as well as tools for scheduling with Acuity, creating and managing social media presence with Bio Sites and Unfold, and hospitality business management via Tock. Our team of more than 1,700 is headquartered in bustling New York City, with offices in Chicago, Dublin, Ireland, Aveiro, Portugal, and coworking spaces in the UK, Netherlands, and Australia. For more information about our company culture, visit www.squarespace.comaboutcareers.
Our Commitment
Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customers, but we also work toward the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.Thank you in advance for providing the following details about your work history from your resume! This helps us ensure that your candidate information is accurate and consistent during the hiring process.