The Squarespace Analytics Enablement team is responsible for turning raw data into well-modeled, well-documented, accurate, and datasets used by analytics and data science teams for analysis, exploration, and reporting. The team also supports these partners in transitioning legacy systems to a modern data stack and reducing time spent on manual tasks through automation.
In this role, youll develop foundational data pipelines and self-service tooling that are essential to Squarespaces business efforts. This role reports to the Engineering Team Manager, Analytics Enablement and offers the opportunity to grow and make a difference.
Youll Get To....

Partner with Analysts, Data Scientists, Data Engineers and decision makers on data solutions
Translate use cases, pain points and success criteria into technical requirements
Develop and upgrade data pipelines and self-service tooling to provide clean, efficient results
Automate manual processes to improve efficiency across multiple data teams
Implement data governance through documentation, observability and controls

Who Were Looking For

2 years full-time industry experience in a technical data or analytics role
Expertise in SQL and at least one BI reporting tool (LookerLookML, Tableau, Chartio)
Familiarity with Python and one or more tools for data storage and access (BigQuery, Postgres, Presto, Redshift), pipeline management and orchestration (Airflow, dbt) or version control (git)
Experience designing data models, authoring and orchestrating ETL jobs and building visualizations to provide self-service datasets, metrics and insights
Experience working with business and engineering partners

Benefits  Perks

A choice between medical plans with an option for 100 covered premiums
Health Savings Account with Squarespace funding
Fertility and adoption benefits
Supplemental Insurance plans
Headspace mindfulness app subscription
Retirement benefits with employer match
Flexible paid time off
Up to 20 weeks of paid family leave
Equity plan for all employees
100 per month remote Stipend
Access to supplemental insurance plans for additional coverage
Education reimbursement
Employee donation match to community organizations
6 Global Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)

Cash Compensation Range: 110,500  178,250 USD
The base salary for this position will vary based on job-related criteria including relevant skills, experience, and location, among other factors.
In addition to the cash compensation above (which includes base salary and, where applicable for eligible roles, may include on-target commissions or overtime pay), all Squarespace employees are eligible to receive equity in the company as part of their total compensation.
About Squarespace
Squarespace (NYSE: SQSP) is a design-driven platform helping entrepreneurs build brands and businesses online. We empower millions of customers in more than 200 countries and territories with all the tools they need to create an online presence, build an audience, monetize, and scale their business. Our suite of products range from websites, domains, ecommerce, and marketing tools, as well as tools for scheduling with Acuity, creating and managing social media presence with Bio Sites and Unfold, and hospitality business management via Tock. Our team of more than 1,700 is headquartered in bustling New York City, with offices in Chicago, Dublin, Ireland, Aveiro, Portugal, and coworking spaces in the UK, Netherlands, and Australia. For more information about our company culture, visit www.squarespace.comaboutcareers.
Our Commitment
Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customers, but we also work toward the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.Thank you in advance for providing the following details about your work history from your resume! This helps us ensure that your candidate information is accurate and consistent during the hiring process.