Our Domains product team helps our customers establish a credible and professional online presence with a memorable web address. Whether a domain is connected to Squarespace services, parked, or pointed somewhere else, Squarespace Domains is the most advanced, easy-to-use registrar on the web. And were growing the product into a more complete domain management experience every day.
As an ICANN Compliance Manager, you will help ensure strict adherence to ICANN policies and compliance standards within our domain registrar business, with additional expertise in GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) and DMCA (Digital Millennium Copyright Act) compliance. Your expertise in ICANN RRA, ICANN RAA, GDPR, DMCA, and abuse complaint management will help uphold our commitment to excellence in compliance across various regulatory frameworks.
You will report to the Domains Product leader who is currently performing this role and have the option of working remote (within the U.S.) or on-site (hybrid) at our NYC headquarters.
Responsibilities

Collaborate with ICANN and their representatives
Monitor and interpret ICANN policies
Engage with Registry partners
Oversee GDPR and DMCA compliance
Monitor and advise on abuse complaints
Forge close partnerships with our product leadership and engineering teams to address compliance and legal challenges
Collaborate with our legal team to oversee compliance efforts
Build processes to the latest industry best practices
Build relationships with other Registry and Registrar compliance managers
Travel to all ICANN meetings and represent Squarespace

Qualifications

7 years of relevant compliance experience
A deep understanding of ICANN regulations, policies, and compliance standards
Proven track record in implementing and managing compliance frameworks in the domain industry, including experience with ICANN RRA (Registry-Registrar Agreement) and ICANN RAA (Registrars Accreditation Agreement)

Benefits  Perks

A choice between medical plans with an option for 100 covered premiums
Health Savings Account with Squarespace funding
Fertility and adoption benefits
Supplemental Insurance plans
Headspace mindfulness app subscription
Retirement benefits with employer match
Flexible paid time off
Up to 20 weeks of paid family leave
Equity plan for all employees
100 per month remote Stipend
Access to supplemental insurance plans for additional coverage
Education reimbursement
Employee donation match to community organizations
6 Global Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)

Cash Compensation Range: 135,500 - 239,200 USD
The base salary for this position will vary based on job-related criteria including relevant skills, experience, and location, among other factors.
In addition to the cash compensation above (which includes base salary and, where applicable for eligible roles, may include on-target commissions or overtime pay), all Squarespace employees are eligible to receive equity in the company as part of their total compensation.
About Squarespace
Squarespace (NYSE: SQSP) is a design-driven platform helping entrepreneurs build brands and businesses online. We empower millions of customers in more than 200 countries and territories with all the tools they need to create an online presence, build an audience, monetize, and scale their business. Our suite of products range from websites, domains, ecommerce, and marketing tools, as well as tools for scheduling with Acuity, creating and managing social media presence with Bio Sites and Unfold, and hospitality business management via Tock. Our team of more than 1,700 is headquartered in bustling New York City, with offices in Chicago, Dublin, Ireland, Aveiro, Portugal, and coworking spaces in the UK, Netherlands, and Australia. For more information about our company culture, visit www.squarespace.comaboutcareers.
Our Commitment
Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customers, but we also work toward the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.
LI-remote LI-hybridThank you in advance for providing the following details about your work history from your resume! This helps us ensure that your candidate information is accurate and consistent during the hiring process.