Squarespace is seeking an eager Adaptive Insights Analyst to join our New York team. You will partner with the FPA team to assist our business partners in developing and maintaining management reporting to improve decision making.
This is an onsite role that reports into the Financial Systems Manager in our New York headquarters.
Youll Get To...

As a member of our Business System team, you will work with clients who include analysts to CFOs to identify, define, and clarify technical requirements, as well as translate business needs into efficient reports and configurations that adhere to best practices.
Recognize, analyze, and interpret significant data sets for trends or patterns.
Articulate and present analysis and recommendations in such a way that the intended audience is effectively informed.
Design and implement use of Adaptive Planning by other business leaders (outside of FPA) to facilitate quarter and annual planning.
Provide clients and project teams with industry andor technical expertise, design advice, and guidance.
Create and maintain financial reports and scorecards.
Be able to understand complex analytics use cases and support clients in identifying issues and providing workarounds while communicating with internal teams to quickly fix underlying issues.

Who Were Looking For

7 years of experience working with Workday Adaptive Planning technology in both a design and development capacity, preferrably combined with FPA Analyst knowledge.
Experience in Financial Budgeting and Planning apps.
Hands-on functional experience andor demonstrated proficiency in EPM-related business processes: Finance  Management reporting, FPA, Analytics.
Experience in maintaining, administering, and managing the Adaptive Insight data structures and model changes to ensure effective running of the tool to support the live business processes and operational needs.
Current Adaptive Insight Certification is preferred.
Knowledge of additional financial applications such as NetSuite, Floqast, Coupa, and Vertex is preferred.

Benefits  Perks

A choice between medical plans with an option for 100 covered premiums
Fertility and adoption benefits
Access to supplemental insurance plans for additional coverage
Headspace mindfulness app subscription
Retirement benefits with employer match
Flexible paid time off
Up to 20 weeks of paid family leave
Equity plan for all employees
Pretax commuter benefit
Education reimbursement
Employee donation match to community organizations
6 Global Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)
Dog-friendly workplace
Free lunch and snacks
Private rooftop

Cash Compensation Range: 100,000 - 161,000 USD
The base salary for this position will vary based on job-related criteria including relevant skills, experience, and location, among other factors.
In addition to the cash compensation above (which includes base salary and, where applicable for eligible roles, may include on-target commissions or overtime pay), all Squarespace employees are eligible to receive equity in the company as part of their total compensation.
About Squarespace
Squarespace (NYSE: SQSP) is a design-driven platform helping entrepreneurs build brands and businesses online. We empower millions of customers in more than 200 countries and territories with all the tools they need to create an online presence, build an audience, monetize, and scale their business. Our suite of products range from websites, domains, ecommerce, and marketing tools, as well as tools for scheduling with Acuity, creating and managing social media presence with Bio Sites and Unfold, and hospitality business management via Tock. Our team of more than 1,700 is headquartered in bustling New York City, with offices in Chicago, Dublin, Ireland, Aveiro, Portugal, and coworking spaces in the UK, Netherlands, and Australia. For more information about our company culture, visit www.squarespace.comaboutcareers.
Our Commitment
Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customers, but we also work toward the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.Thank you in advance for providing the following details about your work history from your resume! This helps us ensure that your candidate information is accurate and consistent during the hiring process.