The Domains  Email group is looking for a Backend Engineer to join our team! Our team manages 3 products - Domains Product, Domain Registrar, and Email Product. Together with these products our group offers customers the tools to establish the foundation of their digital presence. The team is focused on building a new product and in turn enhancing the feature set offered to our customers for all domains.
Domains and Email is a hybrid-work team with a mix of U.S. and Portugal-based employees. You will be onsite in our Portugal office, reporting to the NYC-based Engineering Team ManagerLead.
Youll Get To

Help scale our services to support our growing product needs
Participate in high impact projects to help build the future of the Domains and Email products
Lead well-scoped backend projects with guidance from staff engineers

Who Were Looking For

5 years of experience developing production systems using Java or similar Object Oriented languages
A solid foundation in computer science, with competencies in data structures, databases and software design practices
BS in Computer Science or equivalent industry experience
Experience towards ownership of features and projects you are working on

What You Can Expect From Us
Your team and manager will:

Provide opportunities that align with your interests, career growth, and our growth
Create an inclusive environment thats psychologically safe and encourages learning
Work with you to build a personalized career growth plan with clear expectations and milestones

Benefits  Perks

Health insurance with 100 covered premiums for you and your dependent children
Retirement benefits with employer match
Fertility and adoption benefits
Equity in the form of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) for all full-time employees
Flex Benefits Account
Employee donation match to community organisations
Free snacks
6 Global Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)

About Squarespace
Squarespace (NYSE: SQSP) is a design-driven platform helping entrepreneurs build brands and businesses online. We empower millions of customers in more than 200 countries and territories with all the tools they need to create an online presence, build an audience, monetize, and scale their business. Our suite of products range from websites, domains, ecommerce, and marketing tools, as well as tools for scheduling with Acuity, creating and managing social media presence with Bio Sites and Unfold, and hospitality business management via Tock. Our team of more than 1,700 is headquartered in bustling New York City, with offices in Chicago, Dublin, Ireland, Aveiro, Portugal, and coworking spaces in the UK, Netherlands, and Australia. For more information about our company culture, visit www.squarespace.comaboutcareers.
Our Commitment
Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customers, but we also work toward the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.Thank you in advance for providing the following details about your work history from your resume! This helps us ensure that your candidate information is accurate and consistent during the hiring process.