At Squarespace we empower our product teams to solve hard problems  customer and business problems  in ways that our customers love, yet work for our business.
We are looking to add a Senior Product Manager to our Acuity Scheduling Group. Acuity Scheduling, a Squarespace company, allows users to schedule appointments directly in a seamless way, taking away the administrative burden of their business so users can focus on what they love.
As a Senior Product Manager, youll lead product management across our mobile app and paymentstransactions surfaces. You will be focused on building world class experiences that help our customers to get the most out of their time. You will conduct research and gather insights to prioritize a roadmap that builds on our strong mobile app experience and helps customers operate more efficiently. Youll identify how we can make the appointment experience smoother for end-users through innovation in our mobile and payment features. You will be focused on helping our customers increase monetization through payments on the Acuity platform and monetization features that grow customer revenue. Youll lead payment integrations and UX across the surfaces of the Acuity product and drive innovation in payment methods both online and in person.
You will report to a Group Product Manager and have the option of working remote (U.S. only) or on-site (hybrid) at our NYC headquarters.
Responsibilities

Create and prioritize a roadmap rooted in data, informed by multiple sources and justified by return on investment
Guide product development—from conception to launch—of the products and product solutions in your scope
Build relationships with engineering and design leader counterparts, team members, UX researchers, and product analysts to create extraordinary products
Leverage relationships with external partners to address areas of opportunity where Acuity Scheduling can serve customers in a distinctive way as a SaaS platform
Balance partner, build, buy or deprecate levers as tactics to accelerate revenue and customer impact
Partner with marketing to launch new products, with customer operations to develop excellent support for merchants, and with analytics to monitor engagement and evaluate product success
Independently assess product tradeoffs, explain a clear viewpoint on a product direction and gain stakeholder support
Develop high-level insights about your product area by conducting research, data analysis, customer interviews, and usability testing
Own the key metrics for your team and business area, explain trends and build a shared understanding amongst team members and stakeholders

Qualifications

6 years of product management experience, managing software products from creation through launch and iteration
Deep experience with user research best practices
Strong data and financial analysis skills
Experience with technically complex products and third party integrations
A nuanced understanding of the methods of modern product discovery, product delivery, and user segmentation
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to align different teams around achieving business goals and outstanding user experiences

Benefits  Perks

A choice between medical plans with an option for 100 covered premiums
Health Savings Account with Squarespace funding
Fertility and adoption benefits
Supplemental Insurance plans
Headspace mindfulness app subscription
Retirement benefits with employer match
Flexible paid time off
Up to 20 weeks of paid family leave
Equity plan for all employees
100 per month remote Stipend
Access to supplemental insurance plans for additional coverage
Education reimbursement
Employee donation match to community organizations
6 Global Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)

Cash Compensation Range: 140,500 - 247,250 USD
The base salary for this position will vary based on job-related criteria including relevant skills, experience, and location, among other factors.
In addition to the cash compensation above (which includes base salary and, where applicable for eligible roles, may include on-target commissions or overtime pay), all Squarespace employees are eligible to receive equity in the company as part of their total compensation.
About Squarespace
Squarespace (NYSE: SQSP) is a design-driven platform helping entrepreneurs build brands and businesses online. We empower millions of customers in more than 200 countries and territories with all the tools they need to create an online presence, build an audience, monetize, and scale their business. Our suite of products range from websites, domains, ecommerce, and marketing tools, as well as tools for scheduling with Acuity, creating and managing social media presence with Bio Sites and Unfold, and hospitality business management via Tock. Our team of more than 1,700 is headquartered in bustling New York City, with offices in Chicago, Dublin, Ireland, Aveiro, Portugal, and coworking spaces in the UK, Netherlands, and Australia. For more information about our company culture, visit www.squarespace.comaboutcareers.
Our Commitment
Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customers, but we also work toward the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.
LI-Remote LI-HybridThank you in advance for providing the following details about your work history from your resume! This helps us ensure that your candidate information is accurate and consistent during the hiring process.