Squarespace is looking for a Developer Relations Engineer who will support developers with our API offerings. Its an exciting time at Squarespace as we ramp up channels of support for our developer platform. We want someone who, like us, cares about understanding and supporting our business partnerships as they integrate our services. Were looking for someone who will enjoy working with our technical product suite and contributing to the team through a mix of coding, communication, partner developer support, consultations, and API documentation.
At Squarespace, our Support Platform team is a cross-department contact for technical issues spanning across our developer platform(s) and Customer Operations. We partner with a variety of teams—From Engineering to debug and patch issues to Product teams to present developer user stories to improve the platform. You will support and engage with external developers and stakeholders who build with the Squarespace developer platform and consult businesses evaluating our offerings.
You will report directly to the Support Platform Manager in Customer Operations and this can be a full-time remote position or based in our NYC headquarters.
Youll Get To

Advise business partners on integration best practices with Squarespace Platform(s)
Help troubleshoot advanced issues on the Squarespace Developer Platform
Resolve technical issues by filing, managing, and evaluating bugs and improvements with Product and Engineering teams
Support business-to-business (B2B) inquiries and escalations through technical consultations, email, and persistent chats
Advocate on behalf of the developer community by collecting and distilling developer feedback to validate and influence product and engineering decisions
Help maintain developer facing technical documentation on our Developer Portal
Support our APIs, webhooks, OAuth product
Future work may involve growing a developer community by answering questions on forums, creating blog posts and other driving developer-focused outreach initiatives

Who Were Looking For

Development experience in HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Java
2 years of Development background (on-the-job experience preferred but open to development bootcamp grads)
Experience with web development
Experience working on issues needing understanding of APIs (REST, OAuth), microservices, and databases.
Experience looking into unfamiliar code to gain insight into underlying issues
Experience integrating and troubleshooting APIs
Experience describing the structure, characteristics, and behavior of software to assorted team members who consume it

Benefits  Perks

A choice between medical plans with an option for 100 covered premiums
Fertility and adoption benefits
Access to supplemental insurance plans for additional coverage
Headspace mindfulness app subscription
Retirement benefits with employer match
Flexible paid time off
Up to 20 weeks of paid family leave
Equity plan for all employees
Pretax commuter benefit
Education reimbursement
Employee donation match to community organizations
6 Global Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)
Dog-friendly workplace
Free lunch and snacks
Private rooftop

Cash Compensation Range: 97,000 - 170,200 USD
The base salary for this position will vary based on job-related criteria including relevant skills, experience, and location, among other factors.
In addition to the cash compensation above (which includes base salary and, where applicable for eligible roles, may include on-target commissions or overtime pay), all Squarespace employees are eligible to receive equity in the company as part of their total compensation.
About Squarespace
Squarespace (NYSE: SQSP) is a design-driven platform helping entrepreneurs build brands and businesses online. We empower millions of customers in more than 200 countries and territories with all the tools they need to create an online presence, build an audience, monetize, and scale their business. Our suite of products range from websites, domains, ecommerce, and marketing tools, as well as tools for scheduling with Acuity, creating and managing social media presence with Bio Sites and Unfold, and hospitality business management via Tock. Our team of more than 1,700 is headquartered in bustling New York City, with offices in Chicago, Dublin, Ireland, Aveiro, Portugal, and coworking spaces in the UK, Netherlands, and Australia. For more information about our company culture, visit www.squarespace.comaboutcareers.
Our Commitment
Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customers, but we also work toward the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.Thank you in advance for providing the following details about your work history from your resume! This helps us ensure that your candidate information is accurate and consistent during the hiring process.