As a Business Development Representative, you will create new business opportunities and work closely with our Account Executives to schedule meetings and product demonstrations through outbound prospecting. You will be fundamental to our Sales department and have an opportunity to learn what it takes to create a sales pipeline at Tock.
This is a full-time, hybrid role located in Chicago and you will work in office Tues - Thurs. You will report directly to the Sales Manager.
Youll Get To

Work with Account Executives to develop market strategies
Prospect, qualify, create, and follow up on leads to set meetings and product demonstrations for Account Executives
Create opportunities through cold calls, email, and social outreach through researching restaurant and following hospitality industry news to add new leads to pre-existing pipeline
Provide accurate weeklymonthly pipeline and activity reports to management team using Salesforce and OutreachField in-bound leads with a large emphasis on outbound prospecting
Cultivate a high level of company knowledge into the hospitality industry trends to help create strategies for business development

Who Were Looking For

1 years of inside sales prospecting experience
1 years of experience working in a metrics-driven position
Demonstrated experience cold calling
Eager to achieve and exceed monthly quotas
Bachelors Degree

Benefits  Perks

A choice between medical plans with 100 covered premiums
Flexible paid time off
401k with employer match
Paid parental leave
Fertility and adoption benefits
Education reimbursement
Pretax commuter benefits
Employee Assistance Program
Charitable donation match
6 Global Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)

Cash Compensation Range: 55,000 - 65,000 USD
The base salary for this position will vary based on job-related criteria including relevant skills, experience, and location, among other factors.
In addition to the cash compensation above (which includes base salary and, where applicable for eligible roles, may include on-target commissions or overtime pay), all Tock employees are eligible to receive equity in the company as part of their total compensation.
Tocks Growth

Awarded Fast Companys Most Innovative Companies in 2021
Awarded Built Ins Best Places to Work in 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023
Awarded Americas Hottest Brands of 2020 by AdAge
Won Chicago Tribunes Game Changer Award for industry innovation
Reached a global customer base of 30 countries operating in 200 cities
Processed over 1 billion in prepaid reservations
Named one of 2019s 50 Startups to Watch
Featured in: New York Times, Bloomberg, GQ, Vice, Wired, Food  Wine, Eater, Skift Table, Chicago Tribune, Crains Chicago Business, New York Post, and more

About Tock
Tock is the all-in-one system for reservations, takeout, delivery, and events. We are changing the way restaurants, wineries, and culinary event organizers run their business and how guests explore, discover, and book at these places all around the globe.
About Squarespace
Squarespace (NYSE: SQSP) is a design-driven platform helping entrepreneurs build brands and businesses online. We empower millions of customers in more than 200 countries and territories with all the tools they need to create an online presence, build an audience, monetize, and scale their business. Our suite of products range from websites, domains, ecommerce, and marketing tools, as well as tools for scheduling with Acuity, creating and managing social media presence with Bio Sites and Unfold, and hospitality business management via Tock. Our team of more than 1,700 is headquartered in bustling New York City, with offices in Chicago, Dublin, Ireland, Aveiro, Portugal, and coworking spaces in the UK, Netherlands, and Australia. For more information about our company culture, visit www.squarespace.comaboutcareers.
Our Commitment
Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customers, but we also work toward the same in our employees. At Tock, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.Thank you in advance for providing the following details about your work history from your resume! This helps us ensure that your candidate information is accurate and consistent during the hiring process.