At Squarespace, our platform empowers millions of people — from individuals and local artists to entrepreneurs shaping the worlds most iconic businesses — to share their stories and create an impactful, design-forward, and easy-to-manage online presence. From our headquarters in NYC, and our teams based in London, Amsterdam, Dublin and Sydney we are working to grow our international reach and bring the future of online publishing to a worldwide audience.
We are looking for an accomplished marketing leader to create and guide the strategic direction and operational execution of our expansion in the Asian-Pacific region. As we broaden our expansion focus to include APAC, you will lead a team focused on our priority markets in the region, will hire and manage local agencies, and will work with the marketing team and other SQSP teams to plan  execute localized go-to-market plans including Culture  Community Projects, Communications, CRM, Paid Media, and Product Marketing efforts.
This role is based in Sydney, Australia and will report to our NYC-based VP of GTM  International Marketing. You will work hybrid remote and in a co-working space.
Youll Get To...

Create and lead the strategic direction and operational execution of our expansion in APAC
Build Squarespaces cultural relevance through the planning and execution of strategic Community  Culture programs
Build and manage the APAC marketing team to implement holistic marketing plans.
Hire and manage local partners or resources (briefing, providing strategic direction, executional oversight) and active partners, customers and vendors to secure their collaboration in marketing initiatives, including the monitoring and tracking of projects from start to finish
Drive growth and impact across all major international indicators: customers, revenue, conversion, marketing ROI, LTV, and retention

What Were Looking For

7-10 years of broad-based marketing experience, in consumer tech or a related industry
Success launching products in new markets without an existing presence
Experience managing agency partners
Extensive knowledge across digital and traditional marketing channels
Understand product market fit, competitive insights, customer behavior, consumer media consumption, trends, and consumer insights to deeply understand our APAC consumer and develop insight-driven marketing
Understanding of localization and how cultural perspectives influence go-to-market plans
Language ability in Japanese, Chinese, or Korean is a plus

Benefits  Perks

Fertility and adoption benefits
Headspace mindfulness app subscription
Flexible paid time off
All statutory leaves, as required
Equity plan for all employees
Education reimbursements
6 Global Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)

About Squarespace
Squarespace (NYSE: SQSP) is a design-driven platform helping entrepreneurs build brands and businesses online. We empower millions of customers in more than 200 countries and territories with all the tools they need to create an online presence, build an audience, monetize, and scale their business. Our suite of products range from websites, domains, ecommerce, and marketing tools, as well as tools for scheduling with Acuity, creating and managing social media presence with Bio Sites and Unfold, and hospitality business management via Tock. Our team of more than 1,700 is headquartered in bustling New York City, with offices in Chicago, Dublin, Ireland, Aveiro, Portugal, and coworking spaces in the UK, Netherlands, and Australia. For more information about our company culture, visit www.squarespace.comaboutcareers.
Our Commitment
Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customers, but we also work toward the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.Thank you in advance for providing the following details about your work history from your resume! This helps us ensure that your candidate information is accurate and consistent during the hiring process.