Help empower our global customers to connect to culture through their passions.Why youll love this role
Interested in growing your career on the cutting edge of culture, working for the company selling the hottest brands and products around the world? You will be an integral member of an exciting, hyper-growth company as we continue to expand our operations globally. If you enjoy working in a start-up culture, where ambiguity inspires your creativity, StockX, may be the place for you!
The Authenticator inspects footwear, streetwear, and collectibles (including but not limited to textiles, electronics, energy categories) to ensure the products meet the standards and conditions of StockX and are authentic. Youll work closely with our operations and customer service teams to deliver an outstanding customer experience. 
What youll do 

Inspect and process footwear, streetwear, and collectibles (including but not limited to textiles, electronics, energy categories) adhering to strict standards of condition and authenticity
Proactively work with site leadership and other team members to identify process improvements.
Support operations team in inbound and outbound functions as directed and per business needs
Contribute to the cleanliness standards and processes of the site
Contribute to and maintain site safety standard

About you 

HS Diploma or GED required
Strong work ethic and positive attitude 
Sense of urgency to perform tasks to timelines
Comfortable in a fast-paced work environment
Ability to work well in teams and good communication skills
Strong attention to detail

Nice to have skills 

0-3 years of experience in assessing value and risk of footwear, streetwear, and collectibles (including but not limited to textiles, electronics, energy categories)
Fashion retail background


Location: Onsite - West Caldwell, NJ
Pursuant to the various pay transparency lawsacts, the base hourly range is 18 per hour, plus opportunities for benefits (e.g., medical, dental), equity and discretionary bonuses. Compensation is dependent on geography and may vary.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.About Us
StockX is the premier current culture platform for buying and selling authentic, new, sought-after products. Our powerful marketplace connects buyers and sellers for sneakers, apparel, accessories, electronics, collectibles and trading cards around the world. We provide millions of global customers with unprecedented access and market visibility powered by real-time data, allowing them to transact based on true market value. Launched in 2016 in Detroit, Michigan, StockX now employs more than 1,500 people in offices and authentication centers in 11 countries.
 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. StockX reserves the right to amend this job description at any time.