Help empower our global customers to connect to culture through their passions.Why youll love this role
The Global Real Estate Manager will be responsible for supporting StockXs Real Estate transactions, construction, facility maintenance and lease administration. StockX currently has locations in the US, Canada, Mexico, UK, Netherlands, Japan, Hong Kong and South Korea.  The successful candidate will possess a strong understanding of commercial real estate, legal provisions, leasing procedures, and all relevant policies. The individual will work with StockX team members, Landlords, Tenants, Brokers, and Vendors to execute all phases of the leasing process from site selection through occupancy. The position reports to the Senior Director, Global Real Estate within the Real EstateFacilities Department.
What youll do

Manage portfolio of transactions across all business units including new leases and renewals.
Partner with StockX stakeholders to understand their business and space requirements, advise on and mitigate business risks, and represent overall stakeholder interests during transaction negotiations.
Collaborate with internal business partners to validate our real estate strategy including lease terminations, renewals, expansions, and potential consolidationsrelocations.
Develop andor review RFPs, LOIs, and financial analysis; make recommendations and execute on best strategic path for transactions.
Collaborate with StockX legal to effectively communicate and resolve position(s) on open legal provisions and help finalize legal terms.
Communicate substantive contract provisions and potential business risks to the Senior Director, Real Estate and Senior Leadership.
Experience with interior office construction and build to suit projects through all phases of the process from programming to completion. 
Proficiency in facility maintenance to scope, price and complete maintenance projects domestically and internationally. 
Negotiate, review, and finalize new leases, routine amendments, extensions, short form contracts, and other documents.
Oversee tracking and management of all critical dates for transactions portfolio through implementation of new lease administration system. Facilitate timely review and completion of all agreements.
Collaborate cross functionally to gather information related to transactional decisions.
Continually evaluate and optimize the lease process.
Prepare budgets and calculate return on investment analysis for real estate projects
Establish and maintain complete lease abstract information in our information systems and files, including lease agreements, notices, and final executed agreements.

About you

Bachelors degree in Real Estate, Business, or Finance
Minimum 3-5 years experience in international commercial and corporate real estate.
An extensive knowledge of principles, policies, trends and practices relating to commercial real estate transactions.
Demonstrate a thorough understanding of Real Estate terms and conditions, LOIs, leases and construction agreements. 
Ability to understand legal concepts as they relate to leases.
Experience leading facility maintenance activities.
Proficient in data management and lease administration software packages.
Ability to effectively analyze ad evaluation information to make decisions, solve problems and achieve goals.
Experience with municipal planning and zoning procedures.
Ability to create and interpret pro forma, cash flow analysis, and deal tracking structures
Strong knowledge of Office 365 and Google Workplace
Willingness to travel internationally with flexibility to work different hours, including early morning and late night work
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
Pursuant to the various pay transparency lawsacts, the base salary range is 80,000 to 90,000 plus opportunities for benefits (e.g., medical, dental), equity and discretionary bonuses. Compensation is dependent on geography and may vary.About Us
StockX is the premier current culture platform for buying and selling authentic, new, sought-after products. Our powerful marketplace connects buyers and sellers for sneakers, apparel, accessories, electronics, collectibles and trading cards around the world. We provide millions of global customers with unprecedented access and market visibility powered by real-time data, allowing them to transact based on true market value. Launched in 2016 in Detroit, Michigan, StockX now employs more than 1,500 people in offices and authentication centers in 11 countries.
 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. StockX reserves the right to amend this job description at any time.