Help empower our global customers to connect to culture through their passions. 
Why youll love this role
As an Accountant, you will be an integral member of an exciting and awesome accounting team within hyper-growth company as we continue to expand our services globally. You will support the Controller of APAC in working through the challenges each day and be involved in a number of ad hoc projects to support our growing business. If you enjoy working in a start-up culture, where ambiguity inspires your creativity, StockX, may be the place for you.
 
What youll do

Prepare accounting entries and reconciliations for all areas of the income statement and balance sheet
Manage and reconcile bank accounts, ensuring accuracy and timeliness of transactions
Facilitate the processing of vendors and tax banking transactions
Maintenance of the fixed asset subledgers 
Invoice and expense processing 
Responsible for month, quarter, and year-end close related activities including trend analysis, preparation of flux analysis and ad hoc analysis, various month-end reports and reconciliations
Assist in the preparation of financial information for external audits and coordinate with management and external auditors to provide requested schedules and support
Support and ensure compliance with all statutory finance and tax filing requirements
Assist in the re-measurement process of financial statements
Assist in on-going projects of ERP system
Stay updated on all relevant local legislation, regulations and compliance requirements affecting the financial industry.
Monitor changes in local laws and regulations and assess their impact on the Companys operations
Assist in the preparation of reports for regulatory agencies and ensure timely submission
Respond to regulatory inquiries and assist in regulatory examinations and inspections
Serve as a point of contact with banking partners
Assist in the implementation of new tax and banking services and technologies to enhance efficiency
Proactive in identifying process inefficiencies and offer suggestions for improvements
Other ad-hoc assignments from time to time

About you

Bachelors degree in Accounting
2 to 5 years of experience in maintaining full set of accounts 
Good knowledge of IFRS
Well-versed in MS Office with advanced MS Excel and good PowerPoint skills.
Japanese language abilities

Nice to have skills  experience

Working knowledge of US GAAP and SOX
Big 4 public accounting experience
Proficiency with enterprise accounting software, preferably with exposure to Workday Financials
Able to meet deadlines in a fast-paced, growth oriented environment
Able to learn and adapt to new process flows and software technologies quickly

 
Location: Tokyo; hybrid model - 3 days working from office
 About Us
StockX is the premier current culture platform for buying and selling authentic, new, sought-after products. Our powerful marketplace connects buyers and sellers for sneakers, apparel, accessories, electronics, collectibles and trading cards around the world. We provide millions of global customers with unprecedented access and market visibility powered by real-time data, allowing them to transact based on true market value. Launched in 2016 in Detroit, Michigan, StockX now employs more than 1,500 people in offices and authentication centers in 11 countries.
 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. StockX reserves the right to amend this job description at any time.