Help empower our global customers to connect to culture through their passions.Why youll love this role
The product authentication space is full of unique, difficult and engaging problems.  Excitement for applied research is a must as you combine rigorous thinking with practical tooling to meet these modeling challenges efficiently.  Youll join a team with a strong background in scientific experimentation, DLML modeling, imaging tech, product security and deployments at scale.  This small, experienced group plays a key role in establishing directions for computer vision at StockX.
The Computer Vision team at StockX works on applying computer vision techniques to various aspects of the business.  We work together to build custom machine learning models that can drive product vision and business-impact.  We are looking for individuals who are product driven, and are passionate about making ML innovations in areas such as; Convolutional networks, Vision Transformers, Diffusion, Few-Shot Learning, Self-Supervision, and Long-Tail Learning. 
What Youll Do

Apply the latest advances in deep learning and machine learning on various computer vision and ML domains.
Prototype, optimize, and productionize large-scale ML models that help deliver key results.
Work closely with product managers, ML scientistsengineers, full-stack engineers, and designers on product teams.
Practice reproducible research and proper experimentation management

About you

Experience with object-oriented or functional software development
Experience with Python
Experience working with AWS or other cloud providers
Experience with machine learning libraries such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, or MXNet
Experience building and implementing deep learning concepts from scratch
You have dealt with data exploration, analysis, and feature engineering
You have relentlessly high standards for the products you deliver
Work effectively in an agile development process
You have a Masters degree in Computer Science or related engineering fields, or 3 years of practical machine learning experience.
You have experience using AWS Cloud Platform.
You have experience building a variety of computer vision applications
You are comfortable working in an ambiguous environment and are self-driven

 
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
Pursuant to the various pay transparency lawsacts, the base salary range is 145,000 to 175,000 plus opportunities for benefits (e.g., medical, dental), equity and discretionary bonuses. Compensation is dependent on geography and may vary.
 
 About Us
StockX is the premier current culture platform for buying and selling authentic, new, sought-after products. Our powerful marketplace connects buyers and sellers for sneakers, apparel, accessories, electronics, collectibles and trading cards around the world. We provide millions of global customers with unprecedented access and market visibility powered by real-time data, allowing them to transact based on true market value. Launched in 2016 in Detroit, Michigan, StockX now employs more than 1,500 people in offices and authentication centers in 11 countries.
 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. StockX reserves the right to amend this job description at any time.