Help empower our global customers to connect to culture through their passions. 
Why youll love this role
We are driving innovation and customer-centric supply chain solutions for our dynamic business model. If you want to help shape the future of ecommerce, come join us at StockX. The Crisis Management  Asset Protection (CMAP) team is responsible for maintaining safety and security standards at StockX. CMAP has a strong team throughout our global network and leverages experts in various fields of safety and security. Team members are our strongest resource and investing in our people is our greatest strength. Additionally, utilizing industry leading technology resources, CMAP maintains a safe and secure environment for our team members and customers!
 
What youll do

Maintain Crisis Management  Asset Protection (CMAP) policies and standards within assigned location
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to maintain business relationships
Perform routine testing, auditing, and maintenance of security systems which include CCTV, key control, and intrusion alarm systems
Assist with the oversight of physical security measures including access control, CCTV surveillance, data collection, and Investigations
Manage third-party Security Officer vendor(s)
Monitor facility operations for policy opportunities, ensuring adherence to company policies regarding safety and security
Willing and able to work a flexible schedule to meet business needs. 

 
About you 

Minimum 1 year of Asset Protection, Fraud, Loss Prevention, or Security experience
Experience working with security systems: CCTV, Card Control, Alarm System(s)
Ability to build trust and interact in a manner that instills confidence
Ability to initiate action and operate proactively
Must be able to maintain composure in stressful situations
Ability to maintain confidentiality of sensitive information

Nice-to-have skills

University, Law Enforcement, or Military experience 
Project Management experience
Experience working in a International Business environment
Experience using time management skills such as prioritizingorganizing and tracking details and meeting strict deadlines

 About Us
StockX is the premier current culture platform for buying and selling authentic, new, sought-after products. Our powerful marketplace connects buyers and sellers for sneakers, apparel, accessories, electronics, collectibles and trading cards around the world. We provide millions of global customers with unprecedented access and market visibility powered by real-time data, allowing them to transact based on true market value. Launched in 2016 in Detroit, Michigan, StockX now employs more than 1,500 people in offices and authentication centers in 11 countries.
 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. StockX reserves the right to amend this job description at any time.