Help empower our global customers to connect to culture through their passions.Why youll love this role
As an Advertising Operations Coordinator, youll  be the first hire of a new team responsible for supporting the launch of Sponsored Products  1st Party Advertising within the StockX organization. This role will be integral in the roll out, and growth of an entirely net-new revenue stream. 
Reporting to the Manager of Ad Sales and Revenue, you will have an opportunity to shape what this team and business can look like, operationally. You will be responsible for the campaigns running smoothly, analyzing and tracking the performance of each campaign and making recommendations for future improvements for upcoming campaigns. 
This job, team and moment is for someone who wants to have a lasting impact for a company that has shaken up an industry many times over; and were looking to do it again with your help.
What youll do

Optimize campaigns to enhance results while adhering to best practices.
Provide post campaign wrap up reporting to internal teams, and external vendors.
Pull reports to confirm launch confirmation and campaign details.
Ensure that all accounts are managed in a timely fashion to meet campaign deadlines.
Synchronize  Collaborate with our 3rd Party Partner, regarding all things Ops to ensure campaigns run smoothly.
Management and Ownership of Billing  Payment.
Manage any issues that arise pertaining to campaign execution.
Contribute to vendor campaign recap  meetings, analyzing campaign performance. 
Collect Vendor feedback, and format actionable steps to take in making this strategy even more impactful for both StockX, and the vendor. 
Monitor online advertising industry and recommend new solutionsstrategies.

About you

Experience in digital advertising operations and campaign management is preferred but not required.
Sound strategic thinker with strong creative problem-solving abilities and analytical skills.
Proficient in Microsoft Excel andor Google Sheets.
Has experience in Customer Relationship Management working with 1st and 3rd party partners,  andor done business development driving results.
Outstanding organizational, prioritization, attention to detail and multi-tasking skills.
Ability to work independently and as a part of a team effectively with others.
Strong communication skills.
Ability to troubleshoot technical issues.

Nice to have skills

1-3  years of Ad Operations experience.
Interest in Marketplace based Retail and, Sneakers, Streetwear and other current culture.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
Pursuant to the various pay transparency lawsacts, the base salary range is 50,000.00 to 80,000.00 plus opportunities for benefits (e.g., medical, dental), equity and discretionary bonuses. Compensation is dependent on geography and may vary.About Us
StockX is the premier current culture platform for buying and selling authentic, new, sought-after products. Our powerful marketplace connects buyers and sellers for sneakers, apparel, accessories, electronics, collectibles and trading cards around the world. We provide millions of global customers with unprecedented access and market visibility powered by real-time data, allowing them to transact based on true market value. Launched in 2016 in Detroit, Michigan, StockX now employs more than 1,500 people in offices and authentication centers in 11 countries.
 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. StockX reserves the right to amend this job description at any time.