Help empower our global customers to connect to culture through their passions. 
Why youll love this role
The Senior Operations Manager is the leader of the Authentication Centre and a key member of the leadership team responsible for overseeing all aspects of the operation including; order fulfilment, labor management, quality assurance, inventory accuracy, and materials procurement. The Senior Operations Manager will work cross-functionally with the business teams as they develop short- and long-term growth strategies.
 
What youll do

Establish team member responsibilities to meet the daily business demands and productivity targets
Leading and developing a team
Ensure accurate and on-time fulfilment and shipment of all customer orders
Supervise and train the operations team to optimise quality and productivity for a high-growth environment
Proactively identify and lead process improvement initiatives
Mentor, train, and develop teammates for career progression, performance improvement, and recognition purposes
Manage raw materials procurement and inventory levels
Support digital asset management for the online product catalog
Develop, implement and maintain standard operating procedures
Provide reporting on daily, weekly, and monthly key performance metrics
Maintain accurate inventory through proper inventory management and cycle count procedures
Establish and manage an operations budget
Deliver balanced scorecard
Work cross-functionally with all departments to identify, develop and execute process improvements

 
About you

Extensive operations, supply chain, or retail experience (based on-site)
Proven and demonstrated leadership experience - direct people management 
Proven management experience running high volume pick and pack warehouse, manufacturing, production, or distribution environment
Bachelors degree
The ability to thrive in an ambiguous environment
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Demonstrated experience with effectively delegating and managing time
Demonstrated experience with setting and communicating clear expectations and measuring performance results. Experience holding people accountable for achieving goals within expected timelines
Develop talent
Project Management Skills  ability to follow project plans and meet key milestones on time, handling multiple projects at one time
Lean  Six Sigma certifications a plus 

 
Location: Our operation is in Tsuen Wan and this would be a fully on-site role
 About Us
StockX is the premier current culture platform for buying and selling authentic, new, sought-after products. Our powerful marketplace connects buyers and sellers for sneakers, apparel, accessories, electronics, collectibles and trading cards around the world. We provide millions of global customers with unprecedented access and market visibility powered by real-time data, allowing them to transact based on true market value. Launched in 2016 in Detroit, Michigan, StockX now employs more than 1,500 people in offices and authentication centers in 11 countries.
 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. StockX reserves the right to amend this job description at any time.