Help empower our global customers to connect to culture through their passions.Why youll love this role
Interested in growing your career on the cutting edge of culture, working for the company selling the hottest brands and products around the world? You will be an integral member of an exciting, hyper-growth company as we continue to expand our operations globally. If you enjoy working in a start-up culture, where ambiguity inspires your creativity, StockX, may be the place for you!
The Operations Specialist role will be fundamental to the success of the business, supporting the Authenticators to ensure items are unboxed correctly for processing as well as making sure that the items are handled and packaged correctly for outbound shipment.
What youll do 

Unloading trucks and palletizing boxes
Opening boxes and scanning shipping labels
Using apps and computer software to complete the order fulfillment process
Boxing items, working with packaging equipment, and ensuring labels are accurately placed on boxes
Identify opportunities to improve efficiency of the operations process

About you 

High School diplomaGED
Experience in warehouses or retail environments unloading trucks and processing boxes
Sense of urgency to perform tasks to timelines
Comfortable in a fast-paced work environment
Ability to work well in teams and good communication skills
Strong attention to detail

Nice to have skills 

Warehouse experience
Fashion retail background 

Pursuant to the various pay transparency lawsacts, the base salary is 15hr. 
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.About Us
StockX is the premier current culture platform for buying and selling authentic, new, sought-after products. Our powerful marketplace connects buyers and sellers for sneakers, apparel, accessories, electronics, collectibles and trading cards around the world. We provide millions of global customers with unprecedented access and market visibility powered by real-time data, allowing them to transact based on true market value. Launched in 2016 in Detroit, Michigan, StockX now employs more than 1,500 people in offices and authentication centers in 11 countries.
 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. StockX reserves the right to amend this job description at any time.