Help empower our global customers to connect to culture through their passions. 
 
Why youll love this role
 
We are looking for an ambitious and pro-active People Coordinator to join the EMEA People Experience Team based in Eindhoven. This role will report into the PX Manager, EMEA and play a key role in delivering a first class team member experience. Some of the things you could be working on in this varied role include running team member orientation, fielding team member queries, benefits administration and ad hoc projects. This is a fantastic role for someone keen to grow their career in PX in a fast paced and fun organisation.
 
 
What youll do

Create contracts, offers and promotion letters for new hires in all EMEA regions
Owning the on-boarding and off-boarding process for team members
Run new hire orientation
Coordinating right to work and background checks
Maintenance and accuracy of all team member data in Workday
Auditing HRIS, Visas  Background checks
Running HRIS reports (e.g. headcount, turnover, performance, absence etc.)
Submitting all changes to the HR system and to payroll on a monthly basis
Supporting EMEA benefits administration and queries
Assisting with ad hoc projects e.g. HRIS data projects
Supporting interviews, disciplinaries, investigations etc.
Support wider EMEA team with the organisation and delivery of PX initiatives such as recognition activities, team events and driving the local Street Teams.
Other ad hoc tasks as required

 
About you

Experience in HR administration
Proficient in G-Suite, Excel (pivot tables etc.); numerate and confident working with data
Strong attention to detail
Ability to work well under pressure and deliver a high standard of work in a fast-paced environment
Strong and clear written and verbal communication skills
Solutions focussed and problem-solving mindset
Ability to manage conflicting priorities whilst meeting deadlines
Confident in building relationships and ability to connect with team members at all levels
Strong stakeholder management

Nice-to-have skills

Workday HRIS preferred
Bilingual (Dutch  English)

 About Us
StockX is the premier current culture platform for buying and selling authentic, new, sought-after products. Our powerful marketplace connects buyers and sellers for sneakers, apparel, accessories, electronics, collectibles and trading cards around the world. We provide millions of global customers with unprecedented access and market visibility powered by real-time data, allowing them to transact based on true market value. Launched in 2016 in Detroit, Michigan, StockX now employs more than 1,500 people in offices and authentication centers in 11 countries.
 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. StockX reserves the right to amend this job description at any time.