Help empower our global customers to connect to culture through their passions. 
Why youll love this role
Operations Specialists help assist with multiple job responsibilities within the operation center. The Operations Specialist will work with our team to process orders through our operation in an accurate and timely manner. The work will be fundamental to the success of the business, supporting the authenticators to ensure items are unboxed correctly for processing as well as making sure that the items are handled and packaged correctly for outbound shipment.
As an Operations Specialist, you will be an integral member of an exciting, hyper-growth company as we continue to expand our service globally. If you enjoy working in a start-up culture, where ambiguity inspires your creativity, StockX may be the place for you.
 
What youll do

Support unloading trucks, palletizing boxes
Opening boxes and scanning shipping labels
Using apps and computers to complete the order fulfillment process
Boxing items, working with packaging equipment and ensuring labels are accurately placed on boxes
Identify opportunities to continue to improve the efficiency of operations
Provide project assistance for additional tasks as needed

 
About you

Experience working in warehouses or retail environments unload trucks and processing boxes
Strong work ethic and positive attitude are a must
Sense of urgency to perform tasks to timelines
Comfortable in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial work environment
Ability to work well in teams and good communication skills
Comfortable working weekendsafternoon shifts

 About Us
StockX is the premier current culture platform for buying and selling authentic, new, sought-after products. Our powerful marketplace connects buyers and sellers for sneakers, apparel, accessories, electronics, collectibles and trading cards around the world. We provide millions of global customers with unprecedented access and market visibility powered by real-time data, allowing them to transact based on true market value. Launched in 2016 in Detroit, Michigan, StockX now employs more than 1,500 people in offices and authentication centers in 11 countries.
 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. StockX reserves the right to amend this job description at any time.