Help empower our global customers to connect to culture through their passions. 
Why youll love this role
Reporting into the CMO,  the Sr Marketing Director, EMEA is responsible for the overall marketing strategy and execution across EMEA to deliver brand and growth objectives for StockX.
You will be responsible for developing and driving multi-channel marketing plans which ultimately deliver regional revenue and buyer goals. You will act as on-the-ground leader for the Regional Marketing Team, ensuring the sub-teams are aligned and working harmoniously, while also working cohesively with the Global Teams to maintain close alignment and garner the right levels of support. This is a role and team that require a player-coach mindset --- you will be asked to roll up your sleeves and dig into the weeds on a regular basis. Your deep customer insights and local market knowledge will ensure relevancy in the local approach and advocacy for the key EMEA markets at the global level. 
You will bring to the team a strong performance mindset, as well as be a culture builder, acting as champion not just for our EMEA markets but also for our local team members. 
 
What youll do

Develop the Regional Marketing Strategy, in partnership with the Global Marketing teams and Regional leadership  
Coordinate the Quarterly Marketing Plan for the region; collecting and socialising Country Marketing Plans into a coherent, joined-up Regional plan aligned with business priorities, targets and resources
Directly execute local brand-building strategies
Manage on-the-ground team
Partner closely with all global marketing teams to develop campaigns and strategies that support regional priorities and objectives
Inspire, lead and challenge the Regional Marketing Team, working in close partnership with Global Marketing Leaders
Work with Global Marketing Leaders to agree on budgets, resource allocation, and delivery against shared goals, including adjustments in-period where needed
Collect, synthesise, and share Customer Insights (Brand, NPS, etc) at the Regional level to track our performance and inform our prioritisation
Work closely with the Regional Communications Director to align the comms calendar, messaging priorities, and integrated execution of key opportunities

 
About you

An innate affinity for StockX as a brand, and for its customers
Strong understanding of the current culture landscape, with ideas and relationships that keep us at the epicenter. 
Proven experience in marketing roles for a substantial ecommerce business (marketplace experience preferred) with regional span of responsibility
Deep understanding of the whole marketing mix, from brand to direct response; ability to orchestrate and deliver compelling, joined-up marketing activities 
Experience of working in  with the key markets within EMEA, bringing the perspective of how to show up as locally relevant
A strong communicator, both written and verbal; promotes a culture of creativity, experimentation and learning
Demonstrated ability to operate and collaborate in a matrixed, cross-functional and environment with a strong influence without authority skillset
Scrappy mindset, ability to drive things forward despite ambiguity or scarce resources

Nice-to-have skills

Experience executing partnership  experiential marketing
Knowledge of one or more regional languages 

 About Us
StockX is the premier current culture platform for buying and selling authentic, new, sought-after products. Our powerful marketplace connects buyers and sellers for sneakers, apparel, accessories, electronics, collectibles and trading cards around the world. We provide millions of global customers with unprecedented access and market visibility powered by real-time data, allowing them to transact based on true market value. Launched in 2016 in Detroit, Michigan, StockX now employs more than 1,500 people in offices and authentication centers in 11 countries.
 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. StockX reserves the right to amend this job description at any time.