Help empower our global customers to connect to culture through their passions. 
Why youll love this role
This position will be a part of the team that is responsible for the day-to-day Accounts Payable processes of StockX EMEA region (UK, NL, DE).  This position will require daily interaction with external vendors, internal Team LeadersMembers, the Accounting Team, and other StockX Team Members. The Accounts Payable Specialist needs to have a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail. This is an extraordinary opportunity for an individual with experience in Accounts Payable or Accounting for a fast-paced business to join and assist in the establishment of a solid Accounts Payable function.
 
What you will do

Assist in full-cycle Accounts Payable process
Process invoices, expenses, approval of purchase requisitions converting to purchase orders
Onboarding of vendors (through ZIP and directly into Workday)
Ensure all Accounts Payable master supplier data is properly maintained and controlled
Monitor Accounts Payable email for incoming communication from internal and external parties
Request appropriate tax documents and bank info from vendors
Reconcile invoices to Purchase Orders
Manage and own the Purchase Request  Purchase Order process
Route invoices for approval from appropriate Team Leaders
Prepare weekly settlement runs
Provide  develop key metrics and data on a weekly and monthly basis, to measure the success of accounts payable function
Support the Accounting Managers in the preparation of cashflow forecast
Provide training on expense claims, PRs, POs process
Assist with various month-end and year-end close processes such as reconciling accounts payable
Assist with annual close audit requests in addition to any other internal or external statutory and compliance reporting requirements.
Various accounting projects and other duties as assigned

 
About you

Minimum of 3 years of Accounts Payable experience
Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite and-or Google Workspace
Ability to developimplement team ideas and projects both independently and with others
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment

Nice-to-have skills

Tier 1 or Tier 2 ERP accounting software experience such as Oracle, Workday, or Netsuite

 About Us
StockX is the premier current culture platform for buying and selling authentic, new, sought-after products. Our powerful marketplace connects buyers and sellers for sneakers, apparel, accessories, electronics, collectibles and trading cards around the world. We provide millions of global customers with unprecedented access and market visibility powered by real-time data, allowing them to transact based on true market value. Launched in 2016 in Detroit, Michigan, StockX now employs more than 1,500 people in offices and authentication centers in 11 countries.
 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. StockX reserves the right to amend this job description at any time.