Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
As Stripes user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we have distinctly unique support problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with. The Stripe Delivery Center (SDC) provides operational leverage and expands Stripes portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs for external users and internal Stripe teams. Our support experience leverages deep understanding of our products, the financial industry and money movement, and our customers products and users, and requires us to invest significant resources into building this experience ourselves with talented teams of Stripes. 
What youll do
As a Head of Training  Quality, SDC , you will be responsible for building the strategy for both the spaces of TrainingLearning  Development and Quality, hire  grow the teams, execute per plans and play a critical role in building a world class organization that learns continuously and delivers excellent quality output. 
For Training  Development, you will ensure a high and consistent bar for learning and development across all stages of the employee lifecycle, from onboarding to professional development. You will work closely with Ops leaders from different lines of business and central EnablementTraining teams to customize training needs and build a robust training program that will support SDCs scale and growth.
For Quality, you will need to collaborate effectively with Global Central Learning team to build the relevant quality audit frameworks that will be applied for different lines of businesses, plan and hire quality analysts, perform rigorous quality analysis, share findings and insights and work with Ops leaders across the organization to keep pushing the bar on overall quality.
Responsibilities

Be responsible for delivering high quality training for all lines of businesses for SDC globally - Own the complete management of our LD programs: facilitation of onboarding and training curricula, auditing our training processes, conducting gap analysis, and evaluating the impact of learning interventions
Build training frameworks, work with Ops leaders for an execution strategy, work with cross functional partners to influence content strategy, measure training effectiveness 
Coordinate a growing team of on-site and remote facilitators, SMEs, coaches, and QAs
Work closely with Stripe learning teams to define both the long-term strategy and the short-term tactics for high impact training initiatives
Conduct assessments and analysis to identify and address new development needs
Build and execute a robust professional development framework for SDC 
Be responsible for identifying and building robust quality audit framework for various operations at the SDC
Rigorously measure quality of operations, share insights and corrective actions with Ops Leaders and ensure that the bar for quality keeps going up
Partner closely with all Ops Leaders of various LOBs in continuously identifying evolving needs in areas of training and quality and cater to the needs.
Build strong relationships with XFN leaders to ensure consistency across Stripe and share and learn from best practices. 
Develop and manage various processes necessary to allow the Quality  Training organization to operate effectively.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

You have 12 years of experience setting up and leading Quality teams or Training teams or both. You have prior relevant experience in a high growth technology company
You have proven success building processes and training systems that deliver consistent, high quality results and are adept at balancing operational rigor and systems thinking with a human-centric approach to education and culture building
You have proven experience in building a strong Quality assurance organization, measuring ops delivery quality and improve 
You are comfortable working within ambiguity while building processes and programs at scale
You have a strong operational background and a track-record of making data driven decisions to problem solve amidst fast paced and high ambiguous environments. 
You have a strong experience in building teams, managing managers, developing people and creating a strong identity and culture 
You have experience working with multiple operational teams with highly complex products, working across global time zones, and lines of business
You have experience in running a centralized organization, getting buy-in from senior stakeholders, and bringing a vision to life
You have excellent written and verbal communication skills and an ability to articulate complex topics in an easy-to-consume way
You have business proficiency in written and spoken English

 