Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Streaming Infrastructure team builds and operates the streaming platform that enables the flow of data between diverse systems at Stripe and serves as a backbone of Stripe infrastructure. The team is developing a globally distributed event bus to support Stripes growing scalability, reliability, and product requirements. We enable other teams at Stripe by creating simple abstractions and providing self-service tooling and dashboards to enable users to easily operate services on our infrastructure. We minimize operational toil for the team through regular investment in automation of maintenance operations.
Were looking for people with a strong background (or interest!) in event-driven streaming architectures and who are excited about solving challenging distributed systems problems. 
What youll do
We have a few dozen infrastructure engineers today spread across several different teams, and youll work with other infrastructure engineers as well as the product engineers who use the systems we build.
Were looking for people with a strong background (or interest!) in Data. Wed love to hear from you whether youre a seasoned software engineer, or whether youve just learned you might like working with real-time systems.
Responsibilities

Design, build, and maintain event-driven infrastructure systemsleveraging open source software such as Kafka, Flink, Amazon SQS and Pinotand used by all of Stripes engineering teams.
Build a great developer experience by creating simple abstractions and providing self-service tooling and dashboards to enable users to easily operate services on our infrastructure
Work with various stakeholders at Stripe to understand their specific requirements and identify opportunities to better leverage our streaming infrastructure

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply.
Minimum requirements

5-10 years of professional hands-on software development experience
Experience designing, building, maintaining and debugging distributed systems 
Experience with scaling distributed systems in a rapidly moving environment
Experience building infrastructure as a product centered around users needs

Preferred qualifications

Experience with Java, Scala or Ruby
Experience with event-driven architecture.
Experience working with open source technology such as Kafka, Amazon Kinesis, Flink or Beam
Experience with orchestration platforms such as Cadence, Tempora or AWS Step Functions.

 
 
 
 