Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Core Infrastructure org at Stripe is in charge of building and operating infrastructure services and cloud technologies used by product teams to launch new product offeringfeatures which support our business. This includes defining and driving the vision necessary to achieve best of breed scale and availability. We continuously invest in building new distributed services and scaling existing technologies while working with various teams to meet their current and future needs. 
Stripes infrastructure powers businesses all over the world. We process payments, run marketplaces, help entrepreneurs start an internet business from anywhere in the world, and more. The Core Infrastructure organization is composed of teams that manage mission critical platforms and infrastructure services that power all of Stripe. 
What youll do
As a Software Engineer, for the Infrastructure team, you will be part of a team that is in charge of building the core infrastructure used by product teams to build micro-services which support our business. Examples include control plane services responsible for managing our primary database and cache infrastructure as well as building automation around managing cloud components for compute, cache and networking. You will also build a great customer experience for internal Stripe teams that build on your software  to power all of our products, globally and at scale.
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement. 
 
Responsibilities

Design, build, and maintain distributed cloud infrastructure and platform services
Work on scaling, automation, reliability and observability of infrastructure services
Operate your service, debug issues, and support customers
Participate in roadmap planning and prioritization

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement
Minimum requirements

2-10 years of professional experience in a software development role
Experience using one of the major cloud providers
A strong engineering background in building platform services andor distributed systems at scale
Experience developing, maintaining and debugging distributed systems
Experience with operational excellence and a deep understanding of metrics, alarms and dashboards

Preferred qualifications

Experience on popular cloud technologies - AWSAzureGCPOracle Cloud
Experience with Go
Experience with Linux OS
Experience working with Kubernetes clusters
Experience in Networking and Traffic Systems at scale
Experience working with NoSQL databases 
Experience handling critical incidents for production systems
Experience working with Distributed cache services like AWS Elasticache and technologies like memcached, Redis etc.
