Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Collecting and filing sales  indirect taxes is a classic area for technology disruption. Companies selling across countries, states, and even smaller jurisdictions have to navigate through a myriad of tax rates, product-level tax exemptions, filing requirements, and registration obligations. The rules are constantly changing, and not accurately calculating and filing tax can have legal ramifications.  
 
Its no surprise then that solving for tax compliance is a top user ask. We launched Stripe Tax as a new SaaS product in 2021 to help solve this pain point and make tax compliance as effortless as possible. The Stripe Tax Experience team is entirely Europe-based and focuses on the user- and merchant-facing Stripe Tax product, with a focus on the calculations component of Stripe Tax. Its still early days, and were looking for strong software engineers to help build our product and business. 
What youll do
As an engineer on the Stripe Tax team, you will have the opportunity to work on one of Stripes newest products. Stripe Tax launched recently, in June 2021, so were still in our early days, which means ample opportunity for impact and growth. As a full stack engineer on the team, you will build and expand APIs and services, working with other engineers to build delightful features that span all of the varying integration paths that Stripe offers, as well as working with our sales and operations teams to understand and solve our users pain points. You will have the opportunity to work directly on some of the UI surfaces our merchants interact with the most, such as the Stripe Dashboard, as well as some customer-facing surfaces.
Responsibilities

Work with a wide range of systems, processes, and technologies to own and solve problems from end-to-end.
Build experiences for businesses that range from high growth startups to leading global companies providing them with the tools so they can run their business and not worry about tax.
Uphold our high engineering standards and bring consistency to the many codebases and processes you will encounter.
Collaborate with stakeholders across the organization such as product, design, infrastructure, marketing and operations.
Design, build, expand and maintain APIs and services.
Work on the Stripe Dashboard for merchants.
Debug production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

4 years of experience shipping high-quality products
An entrepreneurial mindset
Thrived in a highly collaborative environment involving different stakeholders and subject matter experts
Taken pride in working on projects to successful completion involving a wide variety of technologies and systems
Put themselves in the shoes of your users and be a steward of crafting great experiences
Enjoyed working with a diverse group of people with different expertise
Upholds best practices in engineering, security, and design
Can put yourself in the shoes of your users and be a steward of crafting great experiences

Preferred qualifications

Enjoyed being a generalist working on whatever it takes to solve problems and delight users

 