Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The GTM Finance and Strategy team brings understanding and predictability to Stripes financials, and we work together with our key business partners to accelerate long term growth for Stripe. Your work will be highly visible to Stripe leadership and instrumental to realizing Stripes business aspirations. This role is on the Marketing  Self-Serve GTM FS team. We mainly partner with the Marketing, Sales Development, Vendor, and Self-Serve (Growth) Orgs.
What youll do
Responsibilities

 Partner with Marketing and Sales leaders to drive investment decisions 
Own the Headcount and Non-Headcount Financial Reporting for the Marketing, Vendor, and Sales Development teams. Understand planned spend and variances to plans
Build financial forecasts, track performance and understand deviations from actuals to drive strategy and operational rigor
Partner with Accounting  Corporate FS to run the month-closeaccrual process for the Marketing Organization
Run ROI analyses on Marketing spend in order to help allocate budgets efficiently 
Define metrics and leading indicators of business performance and partner with the Analytics team to develop tools and dashboards to make these metrics widely accessible across Stripe

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

At least 5 years of experience working in a high growth function in consulting, banking, or tech (or similar)
At least 3 years of operational experience in Headcount and Opex management
At least 2 years experience managing a large organizations budget 
Strong familiarity with AccountingAccrual best practices
A proven ability to build strong collaborative working relationships with business partners and department leads. You are seen as a trusted and objective advisor
An enthusiastic roll up your sleeves mentality
A proven ability to be a self-starter capable of driving business results without significant supervision
The ability to deal effectively with ambiguity and thrive in an unstructured, fast-moving environment
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Basic experience with SQL

Preferred qualifications

 Prior experience working with Marketing Organizations and an understanding of marketing best practices
Prior experience operationalizing and automating budget tracking and month close processes 
Prior experience using Oracle and Anaplan
