Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
We are growing an elite team to drive financial insight, pricing and deal strategy at Stripe. Deal Pricing is a dedicated finance function that provides deal pricing expertise and deal strategy support to Stripes Sales team. You will be instrumental in providing thought leadership to customer segment teams and continuing to develop our framework, approach and processes in order to achieve mutually beneficial deals with our Users while mitigating risk to Stripe.
What youll do
Responsibilities

Serve as a key financial and strategic thought partner to the Sales team in both pricing deals at scale and pricing strategic deals. 
Be responsible for defining and implementing our margin guidance and identifying levers for margin uplift and outliers.
Develop and refine new frameworks to evaluate a deals attractiveness to Stripe, ensuring alignment between these frameworks and the companys long range plan.
Scope tooling that will increase deal velocity and pricing confidence.
Maintain up to date pricing benchmarks, using this data to enhance our pricing philosophy.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

At least 3 to 5 years of experience in finance or deal pricing (or equivalent) at a leading technologypayments company, or experience within investment banking, management consulting or private equityventure capital.
A proven ability to build strong collaborative working relationships with business partners through a combination of influencing and awareness.
The ability to deal effectively with ambiguity and thrive in an unstructured, fast-moving environment by being a self-starter capable of driving business results without significant supervision.
An enthusiastic roll up your sleeves mentality.
Excellent financial modeling, verbal and written communication skills.
Experience with SQL and Tableau or a willingness to learn is a must.
