Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Our marketing systems team is on a mission to build the most measurable, cross-channel messaging capability possible, to attract and engage customers. We will do this through scalable motions, with the most relevant messaging and increasing reach of our marketing motions. We are a cross functional team of engineers, analysts, marketers, and product managers that deliver the insights, internal systems and tools that fuel Stripes growth. 
As part of the Marketing Systems team, you will own systems that power go-to-market motions productizing gathered insights and intelligence. This includes building tools that will power better digital experiences, accelerate customer journey with intelligent orchestrations, drive smarter decisions with CDP, and improve marketer and seller productivity.
What youll do
Responsibilities

Partner closely with other engineers, analysts and scientists to build highly scalable system(s), and surface insights across all points of customer interactions.
Create beautiful web surfaces and interactive dashboard experiences using technologies such as React, JavaScript, CSS and GraphQL. Build the APIs that power these experiences, defining composable data models and durable interfaces.
Scope, design, and lead technical projects, laying the groundwork for early-stage products to iteratively evolve and scale.
Ensure our UI components and libraries are reliable, secure, extensible and accessible.
Debug production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack with an eye towards improving maintainability over the long term.
Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes.
Interact with product and business leaders to help develop and execute on a data-first growth strategy that scales with Stripe.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

5 years of professional hands-on software development experience.
You are an expert at building web applications using HTML, CSS, and at least one JavaScript framework like React.js, AngularJS or Backbone.js.
You have implemented server-side APIs in dynamic languages like Ruby, working with document and relational datastores (especially Mongo and MySQL).
You enjoy spelunking through new datasets (especially in systems like Redshift or PrestoTrino).
You have a deep understanding of usability issues in web applications.
You have excellent oral and written communication.
You have proven ability to thrive in a collaborative environment involving different stakeholders and subject matter experts.

Preferred qualifications

Experience in marketing domain building products that contribute to marketing tech stack.
Experience with machine learning, recommender systems, product-led growth, andor lifecycle marketing.
