Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
We are building an elite team to drive financial insight and strategy at Stripe. The GTM Finance and Strategy team brings understanding and predictability to Stripes financials, and we work together with our key business partners to accelerate long term growth for Stripe. Your work will be highly visible to Stripe leadership and instrumental to realizing Stripes business aspirations. 
What youll do
Responsibilities

Provide support to Stripes Product Sales leaders, and broader executive leadership team on strategic decisions, performance insights, and financial planning
Work closely with Product Sales leadership to drive the success of Stripes commercial efforts by identifying important questions and answering them with data
Build and own financial forecast models, set targets, and understand deviations in performance of actuals to drive strategy and operational rigor
Partner with Sales leadership and GTM Ops to build strategic and financial planning processes (e.g., Monthly Reviews, Forecasts, Annual Budget, and Long Range Plan)
Define metrics and leading indicators of business performance and partner with Data Science teams to develop reporting dashboards

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Minimum 5 years of relevant experience
SQL Proficiency - required to evolve finance reporting
Commercial and business acumen
FPA with experience building out reporting infrastructure and operating in a fast paced environment
Experience performing heavy data analysis and distilling actionable insights to leadership
