Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
We are looking for an experienced Policy  Technical Accountant to help us analyze and account for our most complex projects and baseline our policies in accordance with US GAAP. This candidate will have meaningful experience evaluating accounting issues with a particular focus in areas such as revenue (a must), consolidations, financial instruments, foreign currency, leases, investments, stock-based compensation, debtequity, business combinations.  This person will build and maintain our accounting policy documentation working cross-functionally within the Accounting organization. The ideal candidate will have both public accounting experience (National Office rotation strongly preferred) in tech andor financial service industries as well as hand-on industry experience working for companies with a high volume of complex transactions and issues.
This position within the Controllership organization will assess, research, analyze and document our accounting policy considerations for Stripe transactions, accounting policy elections, the adoption of new reporting and accounting standards, as well as other matters where technical expertise is required, particularly with respect to new productservice scoping and rollout.  This position will work and advise cross-functional teams with a focus on collaborating with various business partners.
What youll do
Responsibilities

Be responsible for technical accounting assessment of all applicable matters. 
Create, maintain and support our accounting conclusions. 
Develop a deep understanding of the Companys transactions and contracts with cross-functional teams.
Ensure that the Controllership organization can operationalize accounting requirements. 
Implement processes to ensure any changes in our contracts or transactions are assessed for proper application of US GAAP.  
Stay current with changes in accounting standard and industry practices.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

A bachelors degree in Accounting, supported by 12-15 years work experience, preferably in the payments industry, financial services, tech or public accounting firm.
Demonstrated technical expertise (specifically FASB standards and SEC regulations). 
Detail orientation with exceptional organizational, analytical and problem-solving abilities.
Self-motivator and team player who brings a can-do approach.
The flexibility to constantly learn and adapt in a fast-paced environment.
CPA (or equivalent), required.
