Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Verification  Identity Platform (VIP) team is a core platform team which powers user onboarding  verification (KYC  KYB) worldwide  ensures continued compliance throughout the merchant life-cycle at Stripe. Our team safeguards user identities across our array of digital services, designing and executing a secure, effortless, and user-centered identity collection  verification environment. Our efforts cover a broad spectrum of identity confirming scenarios, including identity proofing, risk-based, and adaptive verification technology. We provide an in-house smart orchestration eco system which allows us to integrate with multiple 3P data verification services, financial institutions and regulatory bodies to build accuracy, reliability and speed to verify accounts  businesses. We enable Stripes continued compliance in an ever-evolving regulatory landscape by providing infrastructure that automates document collection, verification  merchant communication for high scale requirements refresh and accounts remediation programs.
What youll do
Responsibilities

Scope and lead large technical projects with enormous impact for our users.
Scrutinize and reason clearly about the technology and architecture choices we make in building these products. In many cases, you will be the decider of these decisions
Directly contribute to core interface design and write code. Serve as a role model for how great software should be written for Stripe as a whole
Arbitrate critical decisions correctly that fully consider software best practices, Stripe system realities, and numerous stakeholders preferences and concerns
Work effectively cross functionally and mentor the next generation of technical leaders at Stripe.

Who you are
Were looking for people with a strong background or interest in building successful products or systems; youre passionate about solving business problems and making direct impact on customers, you are comfortable in dealing with lots of moving pieces; and youre comfortable learning new technologies and systems.
Minimum requirements

Have 8 years of industry Software Engineering experience.
Enjoy and have experience building scalable backend infrastructure.
Write high quality code. We work mostly in Scala, Java, and Javascript. However, languages can be learned: we care much more about your general engineering skill than knowledge of a particular language or framework.

Preferred qualifications

Domain expertise in accounting or financial management is a plus but not at all a requirement.
