About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
As Stripes user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we have distinctly unique support problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with. The Stripe Delivery Center (SDC) strategy will provide operational leverage and expand Stripes portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs for external users and internal Stripe teams.
What youll do
Joining the Finance team, will put you amongst some of the most talented finance and operations leaders in the globe.  We are looking for a proven leader to build and lead the fast-growing International Accounting team within our Stripe Delivery Center (SDC). The International Accounting Manager for the Controllership function will supervise and evaluate all Legal entity controllership processes  and have experience implementing new systems and tools. This position will suit a person who is a hands-on manager and excited to assist in managing the monthly close, statistical reporting, compliances, coordinating with board to adopt and approve financial statements, indirect tax filings, cash flow forecasting, intercompany accounting, statutory reporting, consolidation, and audits of all our international subsidiaries and branches. Based in the Bangalore office, you will be on the ground floor of this function with an opportunity to set the pace and direction for the future.  
Responsibilities

Build, develop and lead a team that drives International Accounting Controllership function based out of SDC. 
Perform and drive monthly  quarterly close activities, including manual journal entries, balance sheet reconciliations, variance analyses and analytical reviews, producing internal management reporting and external audit support
Identify potential inefficiencies in existing processes and propose improvements
Participate in building scalable accounting processes, establish measures of success, set benchmarks and improve timelines and efficiencies  to support global growth
Partner with Billing, Internal Systems, Treasury, Tax andor Legal to investigate issues that arise during reporting cycles
Define and execute efficient internal control documentation and sign-off procedures including the country prescribed regulatory frameworks (ICFR, SOX, GFS etc)
Enhance and maintain existing accounting policy and procedural documentation
Drive end to end improvement of input processes to enable scale and productivity 
Develop, manage and improve process metrics utilizing automation, lean practices and process optimization to scale
Create global best practice documentation and facilitate sharing across the globe.
Create a culture consistent with Stripe Operating and Leadership principles and an inspiring work environment that brings the best out of people at work.
Provide robust feedback on process health and performance, identifying and remediating errors and delivering scale over time
Partner with global process owners and functional leaders to demonstrate impeccable performance across multiple workflows and set a high bar for consistent improvement over time
Lead cross functional projects and reporting that drive performance improvement, visibility and automation throughout financial services.  

We are looking for:

Demonstrated knowledge of key business financial metrics, providing metrics inputs to various reporting venues, and communicating key performance indicators to stakeholders in support of business objectives
Advanced finance operations experience of leading large operational processes
Ability to set goals, financial plans and effectively influence leaders across Stripe

 
Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement
Minimum requirements

Big 4 exposure to audit, accounting and risk reviews.
12 - 15  years of relevant public accounting andor industry experience
Led Accounting teams in multi location and exposure to working in multicultural, location and dynamic business environment 
B.Com  M.Com  in Accounting or Finance ( Chartered Accountant  CPA strongly preferred)
Strong understanding and hands on experience working  in U.S. GAAP 
Excellent communication and organizational skills, both written and verbal
Strong knowledge of Excel and experience working with large data sets
Demonstrated experience partnering with cross-functional stakeholders
Bachelors Degree in Finance, Accounting, Business or STEM field (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math); MBA preferred

Preferred qualifications 

Experience in building and scaling new teams from zero 
Strong operational background including new process launch, service delivery in a high growth technology company
Experience with written and verbal communications for both technical and non-technical audiences at the senior leadership level
Proficient in obtaining, organizing, and analyzing data to challenge conventional wisdom, make fact-based decisions, and drive root cause analysis, and evaluate outcomes
