Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripe strives to build the best products and services to empower entrepreneurs around the world. We work on complex technical and legal problems every day, and were looking for a versatile attorney to help protect our growing business. 
What youll do
Were seeking an employment attorney to advise our People team and other business partners in all areas of employment law, proactively manage potential employment-related risks, and help scale our team. 
Responsibilities

partner with our People team to provide day-to-day advice on a range of employment issues including recruiting, hiring, performance management, compensation and benefits, leaves of absence, internal investigations, working time, employee data privacy, and HR best practices;
proactively review employment policies to ensure legal compliance and consistency with best practices;
collaborate with cross-functional teams to support and maintain employment compliance;
support cross-functional stakeholders on a range of strategic global projects.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. 
Minimum requirements

at least 10 years of employment law experience at a leading law firm and in-house legal department, with demonstrated employment counseling experience (in-house experience is required);  
a proven ability to exercise sound judgment in balancing legal risks and business needs;
excellent communication skills, both verbal and written; 
strong organization and project management skills with the ability to work well on both long and short-term projects;
US employee data privacy experience andor experience advising regarding CanadaLATAM (not required, but a plus).

The person we want to hire for this role will also be:

an exceptionally hard worker, capable of getting things done;
a team player who is willing to pitch in where needed in a fast-paced, growing company;
decisive, with excellent judgment, and capable of making smart decisions in the face of ambiguity and imperfect information;
adept at working with multiple stakeholders while maintaining strict discretion, confidentiality, and professionalism; and
passionate about Stripes mission of helping businesses grow and thrive.

 