Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripe Payments Conversion brings together product development with machine learning to increase Stripes authentication and authorization success rates at scale, while maintaining competitive transactional cost and minimizing fraud losses for our merchants. Getting this tradeoff right is critical to Stripes long term success and profitability. We maximize our merchants financial success while minimizing their losses and Stripes risk exposure.
The Payments Conversion team consists of backend, full stack and machine learning engineers who want to tackle this problem through creative new product ideas and impactful models. We are undertaking several new efforts, where you can have an outsized impact on the architecture, implementation, and design choices behind these systems. 
What youll do
Youll be responsible for driving one of Stripes most critical objectives  Shaping how Stripe differentiates itself as the best option for maximizing payments conversion efficiently and at scale in a competitive payment service provider ecosystem. Youll be leading efforts that span multiple teams including Payments, Risk and Fraud to achieve this objective. Youll also work with external partners, including networks and issuers, and our largest merchants.
Responsibilities

This effort will include defining the strategy inclusive of modeling, predictive data, automation, and user experience that arms our merchant with actionable performance information.
Define strategy to enable Stripe and our users to understand, detect, and intervene to protect their businesses, and Stripe, from fraud losses while maximizing authentication and authorization success.
Design and deploy new models to iteratively improve Stripes business-critical models and systems that understand a users conversion performance.
Own and drive cross functional partnerships with organizations including GTM, Financial Partnerships, Product, etc., and partner closely with the leadershipstakeholders of various teams within those organizations 
As a leader within Engineering, assist with team growth and development while maintaining a high bar for excellence and technical curiosity.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Demonstrated experience of leading company-wide initiatives spanning multiple teams and organizations OR leveraging deep domain expertise to influence tech roadmap planning and execution
Demonstrated ability to effectively collaborate across multiple teams and stakeholders to drive business outcomes 
Demonstrated ability to balance execution and velocity with security, reliability, and efficiency
Experience, mentoring, and investing in the development engineers and peers 

Preferred qualifications

15 years of engineering experience OR equivalent combined work experience reflecting domain expertise as relevant to this position 
Experience with applied machine learning to practical problems
Experience with applied analytics and data-driven decision making
Experience with payments or fraud
