About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Financial Crimes Risk Assessment team builds the data products and methodologies used to measure, assess and report on Stripes financial crime risks. As well as holding the remit for risk assessment, our pillar houses the financial crimes data analytics function where we work on everything from management reporting, exploratory data analysis, control development, incident response to introducing machine learning approaches to financial crimes identification and detection. Our data products span customer, product and entity-wide risk assessments as well as intelligence sources, anomaly detection models and risk management dashboarding. We enable financial crimes leadership to be metrics informed and place data at the heart of the program. We are a small but truly global team with colleagues in North America, Europe and Asia. 
What youll do
The Risk Assessment Lead will own our process for identifying and evaluating financial crime risk on Stripe. You will own and evolve our methodology for measuring risk and determining the inherent and residual risks posed to Stripe by criminals. You are passionate about technology. You will evolve our data driven assessment to keep pace with Stripes growth and the increasing scope of regulatory expectations in all of our markets. You bring deep domain expertise in risk assessment and intelligence, enriching our quantitative approach with qualitative insight which helps the business address emerging risks. In doing so you will work highly cross functionally with colleagues across financial crimes, compliance, engineering, product and regulatory legal. To succeed you will have to enjoy owning problems end-to-end and finding creative solutions to ambiguous problems. In return youll have the opportunity to ship meaningful improvements to Stripe, our financial crimes program and in turn the service we provide to our users. 
Responsibilities

Own and develop our risk assessment methodologies for customer, geography and product risk which address the money laundering, sanctions and other financial crime risk associated with our products
Prepare annual risk reporting for Stripe executive and non-executive board leadership
Develop a strategic intelligence program to identify, analyse and incorporate emerging and novel financial crime risks in our risk assessment methodology
Partner closely with onboarding and customer risk control owners to align our customer risk pillar with our wider financial crimes risk assessment framework
Author briefings and recommendations incorporating findings from research with a view to informing, challenging and improving Stripes control environment
Work closely with colleagues in Investigations, Controls and Policy, as well as other relevant Stripe teams to inform our strategic and tactical responses to threats identified
Partner with Financial Crimes data analysts to test and measure threat hypotheses and prototype anomaly detection and monitoring controls for nascent risks
Manage external relationships in the risk assessment domain, including but not limited to, third party tooling and data partners, law enforcement and regulatory agencies
Assist the Head of Financial Crimes and global Money Laundering Reporting Officers (MLROs)  in ensuring that Stripe address all of its relevant regulatory obligations

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

5 years of experience in strategic financial crimes risk assessment, analysis or intelligence roles
Demonstrated leadership experience with risk assessment or management methodologies
Experience in either technology or financial services with a focus on payments or e-commerce, with a corresponding understanding of financial technologies
Deep understanding of Stripes regulatory environment and the AML and Sanctions requirements affecting the payments industry
A builders mindset and strong problem-solving skills. You will need to be able to continually evolve our program and your own expertise in line with Stripes growth
Proven stakeholder management experience and the ability to understand risk assessments role across the program and company, and influence business decisions accordingly
Experience working with auditors and examiners (direct regulatory experience a bonus)

Preferred qualifications

Experience in fintech or another fast growing and global technology company
Experience working in an intelligence function
Experience building an entity risk assessment program from scratch
Strong data literacy and the ability to independently find, interpret and integrate data into your analyses and business recommendations
ACAMS or similar certification.
