Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
As we continue to expand our product suite and global presence, we are looking for an insightful and analytical individual to be the financial and strategic partner to product teams focused on building Stripes growing suite of Payment products. This is an opportunity to contribute to the long-term growth potential of Stripes current Payment business and to help develop business cases for emerging payment products. Your work will be highly visible to Stripe leadership, and will drive key insights and decisions for product teams and executive discussions. The ideal candidate is a self starter, strategic thinking, excellent communicator, and thrives in a fast paced environment
What youll do
Responsibilities

 Facilitate strategic and financial planning processes for the entire Payments and Financial Services team including business reviews, budgeting, forecasting, opex planning, and strategic headcount planning. You will help drive alignment with Business leadership and improve processes to enable growth and scale.
Provide analytical rigor and bring strategic leadership to operational initiatives (e.g., you quantify the size of an opportunity that would require cross-functional partnership to address, and effectively collaborate with key stakeholders).
Own requirements gathering to identify and drive reporting systems and tools needed to effectively scale with business growth.
Build and own detailed models for in-depth analyses, as well as ensure their quality, timeliness, and accuracy.
Drive continuous process improvement, standardization, simplification and reporting enhancements.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

7 years of relevant experience within strategic finance, ideally at a high-growth technology company. Investment banking, management consulting andor private equity experience will also be considered. 
Extensive experience building detailed financial analysis that is used to drive business decisions. 
A proven ability to build strong collaborative working relationships with business partners; you are seen as a trusted and objective advisor.
An enthusiastic roll up your sleeves mentality.
A proven ability to be a self-starter capable of driving business results without significant supervision.
The ability to bring structure to ambiguous areas of opportunity and thrive in an unstructured, fast-moving environment.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Experience with SQL or a willingness to learn is a must.
