Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead.
About the team
The Network Partnerships team sits within the Partnerships organization and is a key component of Stripes success. Our team is responsible for developing and managing Stripes relationships with major, strategic card networks, that are fundamental to Stripes product strategy and delivering new capabilities to Stripe users. Our team executes on high-impact, cross-functional initiatives across existing and new products. These partnerships have a significant impact on Stripe and are essential for us to offer products used by millions of our users.
What youll do
We are looking for a new member to join our team to develop and execute on high-impact initiatives and strategies with both new and existing payment method partners. These partnerships form the basis of Stripes product and, as part of these efforts, you will build internal business cases, as well as being responsible for deal negotiation and execution for our payment methods business. You may also manage and deepen relationships critical to our payment methods strategy and execute on high-impact initiatives and strategy with one or more of our existing partners. The role will require close coordination with product and engineering teams, as well as cross-functional stakeholders including Legal, Finance, Risk, etc., and with external partners senior executives.
Responsibilities

Manage one of Stripes most critical Card Network partnerships, with a focus on driving the execution of joint initiatives and launching new offerings to benefit Stripe users
Ensure best-in-class, methodical partner and deal management rooted in milestone management, KPIs and alignment on opportunities of mutual interest
Leverage industry knowledge to craft thoughtful partnership and product strategies, and execute deals and initiatives that support Stripes strategy
Gather inputs from and coordinate with internal cross-functional stakeholders (including risk, compliance, product, engineering, treasury) to drive creation and execution of partner (and related product) strategy
Identify partner stakeholders who will champion Stripe, educate them about Stripes value proposition, and build alignment between Stripe and our partners executive teams
Manage strategic planning and negotiationexpansion with our key card network partner(s)
Manage multiple stakeholders with varying priorities and drive creative solutions and commitment to a shared goal
Uses strategic and product creativity to collaborate with Stripe leaders to develop new models for global payments systems and networks
Exhibits an operationally focused mindset, with an ability to lead teams through complex relationship management activities by setting a clear vision, and running tight processes

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

10 years of experience in strategic partnerships, business development, corporate development or related field
8 years of experience related to payments, card networks andor financial services
Thorough understanding of card network dynamics and business models
Broad and deep experience executing industry-wide partnership strategies to build innovative product experiences and go to market models
Experience negotiating commercial deals with card network or similar strategic partners
Experience working in a product centric environments with significant internal and external dependencies
Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to influence stakeholders internally and externally across a wide variety of functions, including at the C level
