Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Compute organization at Stripe manages the core cloud infrastructure that powers Stripes products and services. Our teams are responsible for managing Stripes server fleet, container orchestration, and deployments.  As an Engineer working with teams in  Compute, you will play a key leadership role in enabling Stripes infrastructure to power all of our products, globally and at scale. Your solutions will allow our business to scale and achieve a best in class priceperformance ratio.
The Orchestration team within Compute at Stripe is in charge of building the core infrastructure used by product teams to build microservices to support our business. This includes defining and driving the vision necessary to achieve best of breed scale and availability. Some of the technologies that we work with include Linux OS  Kernel, Kubernetes, and AWS EC2. We continuously invest in building new distributed services and scaling existing technologies while working with various teams to meet their current and future needs.
What youll do
Were looking for a Software Engineer with experience designing, building and maintaining high-scale,  distributed systems to work with Stripe. You will work with a  team that is in charge of building the core infrastructure used by the product teams to build and operate microservices to support our business. You will have the opportunity to build a great customer experience for internal Stripe teams using this infrastructure and play a key role in enabling Stripes infrastructure to power all of our products, globally and at scale.
Responsibilities

Contribute to team strategy, roadmap, tooling, process, and culture
Scope, design, implement, and deploy robust solutions, making appropriate tradeoffs between reliability, throughput, latency, resiliency, engineering velocity and cost
Innovate, design and implement software solutions that contribute towards improvement in infrastructure resiliency, reliability, efficiency and management at scale
Uphold our high engineering standards and improve our codebase and processes

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

5-10 years of professional hands-on software development experience
Experience developing, maintaining and debugging distributed systems built with open source tools
Experience building infrastructure as a product centered around users needs
Experience with scaling distributed systems in a rapidly moving environment
Comfort breaking down large, complex systems; identifying shortcomings and optimization opportunities; and making data driven cost performance tradeoffs to influence design decisions
Experience building and operating infrastructure and tools that empower developers

Preferred qualifications

Experience in a development team in AWSAzureOCIGCP
Experience with Kubernetes
Experience with Go and Ruby
