Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The SMB and Startup Team are highly consultative sales teams that are responsible for the growth of Stripes fastest growing Startup and SMB customers. Stripe helps these users launch faster, adapt as they grow, and automate workflows to do more with less. As the Head of Startup and SMB Sales, you will be a critical part of the AMER go-to-market leadership team, leading strategy and execution resulting in accelerated revenue growth with Stripes users. 
What youll do

Drive sales growth through successful leadership, organizational planning, customer service and outstanding execution of all regional Commercial programs.
Oversee the expansion of Stripes startups and SMB footprint.
Make hiring decisions, honing our ideal candidate profile and onboarding strategy. 
Create structure and focus for GTM ideas and product sales campaigns that the product team is exploring. Drive execution and measurement. Analyze results and make recommendations for action in a timely manner.
Define key sales support mechanisms, processes, and programs to meet the rapid growth of the business and achieve revenue attainment and market development objectives.
Build a world-class organization and write the playbook for the era of consumption-based, API-driven sales.

Responsibilities

Develop the long-term vision and strategy for a growing team, and scale day-to-day operations.
Adopt and influence the companys sales methodologyprocess and drive best practices on selling and forecasting.
Develop best practices that enable the organization to more rapidly scale to deliver on revenue targets and support KPIs for growth.
Engage with the largest strategic opportunities, leading executive relationships and helping the team win new customers.
Effectively work cross-functionally across the organization to shape Stripes product roadmap to meet customer needs.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. 
Minimum requirements

15 years of people management experience, including second line management.
Experience leading sales organizations in a high-growth technology environment.
Prior experience in the payments industry, card issuing or financial services.
Experience building high caliber teams across multiple regions, including launching teams in new offices.
Demonstrated ability to build a sales team from the ground up.
Ability to hire, train and coach a high-performance sales team.
Demonstrated quantitative and analytical skills.

