 
Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Our GTM (Go-To-Market) Analytics team is on the mission to maximize revenue by providing actionable insights and reporting to our partners across Sales and Marketing. GTM Analytics is situated within the broader Data Science organization at Stripe, which is home to a diverse team of analysts, data scientists, and engineers that span their focus across sales, marketing, and product-led growth. GTM Analytics leverages sales, marketing, and product data to build and provide a wide variety of tools that are leveraged across the company to drive business decisions.
What youll do
As a manager within our GTM Analytics team, you will lead and inspire a high performing team of analysts to build and deliver data products to our key leaders across Sales and Marketing. You are a holistic thinker, are eager to create solutions, and like to continuously find ways for your team to improve. You will shape the team strategy by partnering with stakeholders to identify priorities, build compelling data products with your team, and provide insights that enable our leaders to make informed, data-driven decisions. Your work will span across a broad spectrum of business areas, touching on everything from lead generation to customer success. 
Responsibilities

Collaborate with stakeholders to develop and execute on a roadmap that aims to arm our business partners with the data, analyses, and insights needed to run the business.
Act as a player-coach to manage and motivate a team of analysts, partnering with them to go deep in developing expertise in Stripes business and GTM data.
Partner with the GTM Analytics Manager to create a long-term strategy to evolve the maturity of Stripes GTM analytics tools, dashboards, and other data products.
Contribute to cross-functional projects (e.g. forecasting, target generation) with our partners in Finance and Data Science.
Develop processes and norms that provide structure and elevate the work within the GTM Analytics team.
Act as a thought leader in areas of data analysis, manipulation, visualization, and storytelling.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

5 years of data analytics experience including 2 years of people management 
Experience building a team, defining its mission, and executing on its goals
Bachelors degree in Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Engineering, Sciences or a related quantitative field
Proficiency in SQL and Python
Experience building and maintaining data pipelines using a distributed data framework (e.g. Hadoop, Spark)
Experience building self-serve dashboards or other scalable analytical tools for partner teams
Strong knowledge of statistics
Expertise in data storytelling and visualization, using data-driven insights to deliver actionable recommendations and drive business goals
Demonstrated experience of and interest in the public discussion of economic trends (whether as a data scientist, writer, researcher, or in another capacity)
Demonstrated ability to lead and deliver on multiple projects with a high attention to detail
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills

Preferred qualifications



Masters degree in Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Engineering, Sciences or a related quantitative field andor experience in working on data analytics in the tech field
Experience working with Marketing and Sales teams


