Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Corporate Technology (CorpTech) Services team is a strategic support partner to all Stripes, in office and remote.  We ensure the successful operation of new hires, account off-boards and critical business systems with a global team. 
Were looking for a Tier 1 Support Engineer to join the AMER CorpTech Services team to provide in-person, thoughtful and individualized support for all Stripes. Stripe is looking for individuals who can work in a fast paced environment and work autonomously to deliver team oriented results.
What youll do
Youll be responsible for providing technical assistance and support related to computer systems, hardware, and software. Respond to queries, run diagnostic programs, isolate problems, and determine and implement solutions.  In-person support is required as well as setting up desks and managingauditing peripherals.  
 
Responsibilities

Provide technical assistance and support for incoming queries and issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware.
Respond to queries either in person, email, Slack or ticketing system.
Provide in-person IT HelpDesk assistance to Stripe employees, contingent workers, and vendors.
Walk customers through problem-solving processes and follow up to ensure issues have been resolved.
Run diagnostic programs to resolve problems as well as troubleshoot IT scripts, systems, or automation
Support and maintain critical SaaS tools (Google Workspace, Slack, Zoom, JIRA, Confluence, Dropbox, etc.)
Troubleshoot Stripe-provided hardware (macOS, Chrome OS, iOS, peripherals)
Facilitate the provisioning of Stripe laptops for new hire on-boarding and fleet upgrades
Assist with new hire onboarding and training curriculum
Update, and maintain detailed external and internal IT documentation
Onboard and support third-party vendors andor contractors
Contribute to shared global IT off-boarding tasks and responsibilities
Maintain and provide technical assistance with all office technology (printers, Zoom Rooms, room schedulers, and more).
Own IT asset management and ensure accurate and actionable records are kept of required equipment.
Promote best practices as established by IT and escalate inquiries as necessary to the IT Systems and Infrastructure team.
Create and update technology documentation for internal IT teams and for Scale employees.

Who you are
You have the ability to take initiative on tickets and contribute to project design and implementation. You are skilled at writing, updating and maintaining technical documentation and sending directed communications. You are comfortable working as an individual contributor on a global team that is driving towards a common goal. You will best succeed in this role by leading on things you are passionate about while supporting others in their passion. 
You love problem solving and collaborating with others to provide world class support. Being the best fit for this position means you are both humble and confident. You strive towards excellence but understand your limitations and dont hesitate to ask for help when needed. 
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

You have excellent English communication skills, both written and verbally
Possess 2 years of experience in IT HelpDesk experience 
Possess strong working knowledge of Apple systems and software 
Possess strong working knowledge of Google Workspace, Slack, Zoom, JIRA, Confluence, Dropbox, or similar cloud providers
Possess strong working knowledge of Atlassian systems (JIRA and Confluence)
Possess understanding of script execution and troubleshooting (ex: Ruby, Bash, Python)
Possess working knowledge of imagingendpoint management tools (DEP, Munki, Chef, JSS)
Able to independently manage and prioritize workload and projects
Possess outstanding interpersonal and communication skills
Is empathetic, humble, and possess a strong focus on customer service
