Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
As Stripes user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we have distinctly unique support problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with. The Stripe Delivery Center (SDC) strategy will provide operational leverage and expand Stripes portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs for external users and internal Stripe teams. Our support experience leverages deep understanding of our products, the financial industry and money movement, and our customers products and users, and requires us to invest significant resources into building this experience ourselves with talented teams of Stripes.
What youll do
As Quality Manager, responsible for regional financial crimes quality programs, you will be accountable for  the delivery of quality programs  frameworks and  work with partners and stakeholders to oversee the launch of new programs, and build the on-site quality capabilities. 
We are looking for dynamic and curious people that have a passion for solving global user issues, building operations, driving process improvements and want to play a role in building this new operational capability for Stripe and accelerating Stripes growth.  If you are passionate about helping users, naturally curious, and comfortable operating in ambiguity and finding creative solutions, we want to hear from you!
Responsibilities 

Design and implement quality programs, in close partnership with senior stakeholders
People management of a team of quality analysts
Accountability of the quality strategy  framework, quality checks, quality audits, metrics, conducting gap analysis, and evaluating the impact of quality improvement
Provide feedback loop to upstream and downstream functions
Drive  spearhead process improvement initiatives


Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

You have 10 years of professional experience
You have 5 years of experience within people management
You have 5 years of experience within quality assurance
You have 2 years of experience within financial crimes
You are comfortable working within ambiguity while building processes and programs at scale
You are adept at balancing operational rigor and systems thinking with a human-centric approach to education and culture building
You can manage multiple stakeholders with varying priorities while driving creative solutions and commitment to a shared goal
You demonstrate strong critical thinking and data-analysis skills
You have excellent written and verbal communication skills and an ability to articulate complex topics in an easy-to-consume way

Preferred qualifications

Lean Six Sigma qualification
Prior experience in a high growth technology company
Prior experience in banking, payments, or a financial technology company

 