Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Financial Crimes (FC) team at Stripe exists to help protect Stripe and its users from crime. Our people play an important role in combating financial crime across a global footprint and in enabling Stripe to increase the GDP of the internet. The global team works as a cohesive whole to manage and mitigate financial crime risks and meet and exceed the expectations of our users, our financial partners, and our regulators. We are a deeply caring group of folks, slightly obsessed with our tradecraft, dedicated to protecting our users and the financial ecosystem from crime, and committed to our work, our lives, and our hobbies with equal passion.
What youll do
Help us protect Stripe and its users from crime by providing support to the EMEA Money Laundering Reporting Officers (MLROs), whilst collaborating with Global FC Pillars.
We are looking for an energetic and inspired financial crime professional looking to cultivate their expertise as a member of our EMEA Financial Crimes team. Youll play an instrumental role in helping to scale Stripes EMEA FC program (AMLCFT  Sanctions) across several regulated entities, to keep pace with Stripes increasing global footprint.  
We are looking for a candidate who is eager to tackle challenging problems with a solutions oriented mindset. The successful candidate will be someone who understands the value that compliance can bring to the success of a regulated business and uses that mindset in developing practical and innovative solutions. We are looking for someone who is prepared to work collaboratively with the rest of the Global Financial Crimes team and get stuck in as part of the broader teams activities, even when they might go outside of your comfort zone.
Stripe is both a technology company and a financial services company, and you will need to be comfortable straddling both of those worlds every day. The right person for the role will enjoy dealing with that puzzle, seeking creative solutions and moving quickly, often in the face of ambiguity.
You will

Work directly with the EU and UK MLROs on the enhancement and delivery of a best in class Financial Crimes program; primarily related to AMLCFT and Sanctions matters in Europe and the United Kingdom.
Be willing to take on regulatory positions in line with the role (e.g. Control Function) and comply with applicable fitness and probity requirements.
Collaborate across the Global FC Team to ensure that the global framework supports regional requirements, and work to implement new, scalable regional enhancements and controls where necessary.
Support the EMEA MLROs with the development, maintenance and implementation of the regional FC Framework; providing input and advice on Policies  Procedures, Governance Fora, Product  Market Expansion, Supportability, Oversight and Ongoing Process Enhancement.
Work with global teams to ensure that EMEA controls, processes and procedures are updated and operating effectively and timely, such as responding to changes in sanctions lists and controls. 
Take a lead role in working with Stripes 2nd and 3rd Line of Defence assurance and testing teams on FC focused audits and reviews, as well as external assessments and incident management.
Develop a strong working relationship with operational FC team leads, ensuring effective communication, reporting and escalation of issues.
Execute on FC projects and initiatives that provide impact to the company. 
Provide strategic advice to the business teams on compliance with existing and upcoming regulatory requirements, including change management and potential product implications.
Enable the building and maintaining Stripes relationship with regulators, law enforcement and industry bodies, such as the CBI, FCA, NCA, the Garda FIU etc.
Partner with Stripes Legal, Risk and Compliance functions to enhance Stripes EMEA Compliance  Risk program.

Our ideal candidate will have:

5-7 years experience in an AMLCFT and Sanctions role.
Working familiarity with EU and UK sanctions requirements from an operational perspective.
Previous experience executing on projects and initiatives that provide impact.
Ability to work efficiently and independently in a fast-paced, high-volume environment.
Ability to work cross-functionally with internal stakeholders.
An effective and relatable culture of compliance ethos.
Experience working as part of a financial crimes  compliance team focusing on CDD, fraud, transaction monitoring, risk assessment, investigations or ongoing monitoring.

Nice to haves:

Payments or FinTech experience.
Demonstrable experience in another financial crimes subject matter area.
Relevant ACAMS, CFE, ICA or similar training certification in AMLCFT and Sanctions Compliance.

 