About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Did you know that only around 4 of the worlds GDP comes from internet commerce? At Stripe, we believe that this represents a future with almost limitless potential for innovation, creativity and global prosperity. While the promise of a global online economy is palpable, it doesnt come without significant risk. Each day, bad actors disrupt the trust and safety of the internet and increase the barrier of entry for online businesses. The Financial Crimes team ensures that our platform remains safe, and that prohibited parties are not allowed to utilize our services.
What youll do
We are looking for someone who is passionate about fighting financial crimes and solving the puzzle of investigations, is naturally curious, and is comfortable operating in ambiguity and finding creative solutions. You will be responsible for conducting investigations and making account-level judgments and recommendations for regulatory reporting. You will be confident in looking through data, assessing various indicators, and making judgements on your findings.
The right candidate for this role will have experience in financial crimes compliance, preferably within the fintech or e-commerce space
Responsibilities

Conduct a wide variety of analyses, including:

Conducting screening (watchlist and keyword) reviews on merchants as part of Stripes sanctions program
Analyzing and investigating accounts for exposure to both listed persons and high-riskprohibited jurisdictions  


Understand complex regulatory and compliance requirements within the financial services space and complete analyses in accordance with these requirements
Conduct in-depth open source research as part of Sanctions reviews, including in the open web, corporate registries, governmental databases, and social media platforms, to understand the use case and appropriately assess the relevant sanctions and financial crimes risk   
Analyze complex problem and exercising sound analytical judgment on investigation resolutions or decisions
Perform assignmentstasks of high complexity and resolving incoming requests from internal Stripe teams, financial partners, or other parties 
Adhere closely to process documentation and draft clear and concise investigative summaries and analyses, including draft regulatory reports for submission

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

2 years of experience in  Sanctions roles
Experience conducting in-depth open source research across a wide range of information sources, including the web and global social media platforms
General awareness of money laundering, terrorism financing, and sanctions trends and regulatory developments
Independently analyze and evaluate information from various data sources to determine a course of action for a matched case
Ability to clearly record by writing the rationale  documenting the evidence of the decision making process about the match being positive or false for analytical, presentation, and audit purposes
Excellent English written, spoken and interpersonal skills,
Excellent problem-solving skills and demonstrated ability to work independently, analyze problems and data sets to make complex investigation decisions
Self-disciplined, diligent, proactive and detail oriented
Youre willing to periodically work a weekend day for which you will receive a weekday off; the SDC operates during daytime hours with shifts from the morning through early evening

Preferred Qualifications

Knowledge of USA Patriot Act, US TreasuryOFAC Code of Federal Regulations,UK HMT sanctions regulations, EU Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Directives, etc. 
Knowledge in payments and the fintech industry 
Familiarity with SQL and ability to use template or pre-made SQL queries as part of investigations
