Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Product Marketing is a global team of capable, friendly, user-oriented marketers, partnering closely with Stripes world-class product and engineering teams. 

Our Product Marketing teams mission is to generate customer insights that inform Stripes product strategy, lead go-to-market for our suite of products, and create and execute campaigns to drive product growth
Product Marketing is a highly cross-functional role at Stripe, partnering closely with Product and Engineering, Sales, Design, Developer Relations, and Communications to name a few
Different from many other Product Marketing teams, our team works across the entire product lifecycle, from helping shape the product, to driving launch and commercialization, to growing product adoption post-launch

What youll do
Reducing fraud to accelerate revenue growth and provide exceptional customer experiences is a top priority for Stripe users. Were looking for an experienced Product Marketing Manager to help us shape the roadmap, drive launches, and lead enablement and growth efforts for our portfolio of fraud products, including Stripe Radar and disputes. 
Responsibilities

Develop go-to-market strategies and differentiated positioning to reinforce Stripes leadership in the market
Drive well-executed product launches and campaigns to generate sales pipeline and grow adoption of Stripe Radar and our advanced disputes prevention products
Enable our user-facing teams with compelling content, customer-facing assets, user stories, and more to effectively sell our products 
Partner with Product teams to understand and help prioritize the needs of our users, and shape the launch of updates and new features 

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.

A storyteller. You have deep empathy for users and are able to adapt how you communicate to best reach and engage your audience—from developers to technical and non-technical founders—and differentiate Stripe. You have excellent verbal and written communication skills
Data-oriented. You like working with data and insights and pair that with your passion for users to generate balanced and thoughtful points of view for how to take our products to market
Organized. You are able to manage highly interdependent, complex projects and keep various work streams on track
Ambitious. You are eager to make an impact at Stripe. You thrive in a fast-moving environment and working with passionate sales teams, are able to operate fluidly between the 30,000-foot strategy level and the micro-detail to get things right
A team player. Product Marketers collaborate across the wider Marketing team, PR, product, sales, comms and basically with every team at Stripe. You are able to work with a range of disciplines to execute on your work
Optionally, knowledgeable about fraud. You have an understanding of fraud prevention space, and are excited about telling the story of how Stripes solution is differentiated

Minimum requirements

7 years of work experience that can span marketing, product marketing, product management, operational roles, or strategy consulting
At least 3 years specifically in marketing or go-to-market experience 
Experience working on marketing or growth throughout a SaaS products lifecycle

Preferred qualifications

 Experience working in the fraud prevention space
