Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Support Experience engineering organization builds and improves Stripes user support from end to end: how users get help within our products, how they get in touch with us when they have questions, and how our teams use internal tools to answer those questions. Were accountable for the quality and reliability of this support stack and we use data and firsthand user research to continuously improve it. 
Providing great support to users of all sizes is culturally important to everyone at Stripe. We are a group of capable, friendly, user-oriented engineers that partner closely on this problem with Stripes world-class design, product, and operational teams. This includes the external-facing support interfaces (https:support.stripe.com), content, entry points, internal tooling, case routing, and helping product teams across the company reduce support volume by improving our products.
What youll do
Were looking for an engineering manager to hire and lead a new engineering team, build relationships with customers internally and externally, and champion our vision of building the best platform for internet commerce. 
Projects your team may work on:

Defining the technical vision and architecture for Stripes support products and systems.
Building engaging, responsive user interfaces that make it truly enjoyable to get help from Stripe. For example, we used React to build a chat UI from the ground up so that it would feel at home in the Stripe Dashboard. 
Scaling the contact platform that connects Stripe users with the teams that are best equipped to help them. This might involve implementing new API endpoints for use across multiple products, iterating on data pipelines to maximize visibility into our support operations, or adding to our billing pipeline so that we can offer paid support plans in new regions. 
Improving the internal tools that empower our user-facing teams to build new case-solving workflows, publish dynamic, localized content to our user-facing support site, and answer every support request with the right context for any user.

Responsibilities

Hire, lead, and manage a team of talented engineers on the team, providing mentorship, guidance, and support to ensure their success.
Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders, including product managers and designers, to understand customer needs and translate them into technical solutions.
Define the technical vision and roadmap for the suite of products managed by the team, aligning it with business objectives and industry best practices.
Drive the execution of projects, overseeing the entire development lifecycle from planning to delivery, while maintaining high standards of quality and timely completion.
Foster a collaborative and inclusive work environment, promoting innovation, knowledge sharing, and continuous improvement within the team.
Stay up-to-date with emerging technologies, industry trends, and advancements in observability practices to identify opportunities for improvement and innovation.
Communicate effectively with stakeholders, providing regular updates on project status, progress, and any potential risks or challenges.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

3 years of people management experience and at least 8 years of overall software development experience
Managed teams that have built full-stack web applications and operated them at scale
A passion for supporting both external users and internal customers
Successfully recruited and built great teams
The ability to thrive with a high level of autonomy and responsibility
The desire to encourage a healthy, inclusive work environment thats both supportive and challenging
Clear and persuasive writing and in-person communication

Preferred qualifications

You are comfortable planning in quarters, and can set a vision for several years
You are excited about collaborating with teammates across Stripes organization to provide a wonderful support experience to users
You are comfortable working with geographically distributed teams
Experience managing multiple engineering teams
