Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Platform Sales team works with B2B Software Platforms to help them facilitate payments for their customers using our Stripe Connect product. Software Platforms, also known as B2B Indirect, are software platform businesses who serve other businesses. Platforms already using Stripe include Shopify, Lightspeed and Mindbody.
 
As a key member to the Stripe Platforms team, you will navigate complex organizations and identify ways Stripe can exceed expectations. Were building something new, developing our sales process, our value proposition and assisting in the creation of key tools and assets, were looking for pioneers to join us on this adventure. 
 
If youre motivated, smart, persistent, and a great teammate, we want to hear from you!
What youll do
As an Account Executive on the Platforms team, you will create partnerships between Stripe and the most innovative and fastest-growing software platforms in DACH by helping them to understand how Stripes online commerce infrastructure can make payments a competitive advantage for their businesses.
Responsibilities

Own a named account list and develop account plans for winning and expanding business with upper middle market and enterprise companies
Develop outbound strategies to create and nurture opportunities
Own the full sales cycle from lead to close for upper middle market and large platforms
Develop relationships with executive stakeholders at new and existing clients
Work with company leaders from multiple functions (e.g., Engineering, Product, and Finance) to lead complex product workshops and financial analyses
Lead and contribute to team projects to develop and refine our sales process
Engage with Product and Engineering teams to help drive product strategy

Who you are
You are an adept salesperson, capable of engaging in business-level and technical conversations at multiple levels of the organization, including the CTO, COO, and CFO. You have experience working with upper middle market and enterprise companies. You have an in-depth understanding of the buyer journey and can lead a complex, multi-party sale in a highly consultative manner. You are used to building value in competitive situations and enjoy working on products that require deep product understanding, combined with technical knowledge. You are naturally analytical and enjoy digging into business models and helping customers quantify their investment decisions. You get excited about prospecting, and are capable of independently leading a sales cycle from start to finish. Finally, you enjoy building  you like to actively participate in the development of our sales process, the articulation of our value proposition, and the creation of key tools and assets.
If youre motivated, smart, persistent, and a great teammate, we want to hear from you!
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

10 years of sales experience, preferably selling a technical product, with a track record of top performance
Extensive experience directly selling a technology product or service, preferably at an API-first company, with a record of top performance
A proven track record of moving sales processes forward from inception to close by leading complex, multi-party sales in a highly consultative manner, understanding strategies and applying value proposition
Great listening skills and ability to quickly become a trusted resource for decision-makers across technology and finance orgs within software companies
An ability to understand complex technical problems and understand how Stripes solutions can address them
A positive attitude and tireless work ethic when encountering blockers to success, whether external or internal
Strong presentation skills
Proven ability to lead complex negotiations involving bespoke commercial agreements
Superior verbal and written communication skills in both English and German
Ability to operate in a highly ambiguous and fast-paced environment
Strong interest in technology and a deep understanding of the space
Experience in or excitement in learning about financial technology infrastructure
Fastidious approach to CRM hygiene and experience utilizing thorough sales forecasting metrics on a weeklyquarterly basis and communicating them in a succinct manner
