Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
 
About the team
In recent years, businesses of all sizes have experienced exponential growth in the size and complexity of their financial data. Finance professionals, from CFOs to accountants, struggle  with labor-intensive and error-prone manual data workflows, and increasingly rely on data scientists and software engineers to build bespoke and expensive solutions to manage and extract insights from their data. The Stripe Data Services (RDS) organization is building the financial data platform to solve this problem for all businesses, enabling them to easily form a unified view of their financial data,  analyze, understand and identify valuable business  insights and opportunities from the data, and use it to support better data-driven decisions and streamline business processes. 
What youll do
Youll have the opportunity to shape and build a suite of products that enable our users to manage their financial data more efficiently. Were looking for engineers who are excited to build the future including world class infrastructure, reusable APIs and system building blocks, and high-polish user experiences. Full stack engineers at Stripe push us further towards that goal by bridging the gap between backend and frontend systems to solve technical challenges quickly and effectively. You will work on projects that span technologies, systems, and processes where you will design, build, test, and ship great code every day. In this cross functional role, you will collaborate with experts in infrastructure, security, design, and operations to build mission critical internal and external features that power Stripe users around the world. 

Responsibilities

Work with a wide range of systems, processes and technologies to own and solve problems from end-to-end.
Work closely with engineers, designers, and product managers to build new features and products.
Uphold our high engineering standards and bring consistency to the many codebases and processes you will encounter.
Build elegant APIs and user experiences that enable merchants to run and scale their businesses on top of Stripe
Contribute to the design and architecture of the next generation of Stripes infrastructure, to meet the high growth needs of our company and customers for years to come

Who you are
Were looking for engineers who meet the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
 
Minimum requirements

Strong technical background, including 3 years of experience as a full stack engineer
You have an entrepreneurial mindset.
Empathetic, collaborative, and user-first mindset in everything you build
Enjoy being a generalist designing and working on both the frontend andor backend, and anything it takes to solve problems and delight both internal and external users.
Ability to stitch together many different services together even if you have not worked with them before
Preference for simple solutions and designs over complex ones, and having a good intuition for what is lasting and scalable
Thrive in a collaborative environment involving different stakeholders.

 
Preferred qualifications

Prior experience building reliable and secure integrations at scale, including experience with large CRM and ERP systems, or familiarity with B2B QRC flows. 
Prior experience building delightful zero-to-one user facing products, including analytics tools.
Prior experience building AI-powered products, including LLMs and prompt engineering.
