Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripes Global Sales Team is at the forefront of driving revenue and growth. As trusted business partners, our goal is to help users understand Stripe products and integrate them with ease so they can concentrate on whats most important to them: their business. Were known for our product expertise, rigorous thinking, and user-first approach to problem solving. Within Stripe, GTM proudly serves as a critical source of user feedback and market intelligence, with direct influence on Stripes product roadmap and growth strategy. 
What youll do
The Head of Go-To-Market (GTM) Compensation will lead the overall design and compensation structure of the global sales organization, partnering closely with the sales team and teams across Stripe to drive initiatives. Ideally, this person will come from a fast-paced environment with a strategic mentality and an orientation toward analytics. They will be comfortable within a growing, evolving organizational structure and who will ensure we are meeting the needs of the organization by way of building strategic frameworks, closely partnering with cross-functional teams, and making data-driven decisions.
Responsibilities

Lead the sales and incentive compensation design process including working with leaders to understand strategic business goals, assessing the success of current incentives, proposing new incentive designs, securing final decisions and approvals, and communicating new incentives to leaders and employees.
Design sales and incentive plans that drive the sales behaviors that will drive expected results; model and test plans to ensure profitability and desired results; offer creativity and standard processes.
Advise as an incentive compensation authority offering technical advice that influences business strategy and results.
Partner with HR Compensation and Operations to ensure programs can be operationalized and coordinated within the organizations incentive and human resource management systems.
Partner with key collaborators to evaluate and ensure efficiency of compensation programs as they relate to the goals of the company and propose improvementsadjustments as needed.
Lead the GTM Compensation Committee, helping the leaders to continuously assess the impact and to design an escalation framework to handle priorities and perform objection handling.
Gain and maintain an understanding of the marketplace the company operates within to ensure competitiveness of sales compensation and the ability to attract and retain top talent.
Deliver clear and consistent communications to key collaborators.
Build relationships with the external compensation community including consultants, service providers, shareholder advocates, and business professionals.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Requirements

Bachelors degree in Human Resources Management, Business, Finance, Economics, or related fields required. An MS or MBA degree is desirable.
15 years of experience with 8 years of proven sales incentive design with consumption-based business and people management experience. 
Experience in compensation plan administration and reporting.
Experience with ICM Systems (Xactly, CaptivateIQ, Varicent) required.
Experience consulting on compensation strategy, competitive pay evaluation, payperformance links, incentive program design, mergers and acquisitions, etc.
Knowledge of current market trends and practices.
Proven track record of implementing creative compensation programs that align the broader employee population and senior management with shareholder value and drive achievement of strategic objectives.
History of successful interaction and influence with all levels of partners.
Excellent analytical and financial skills, including reduction in costrisk and optimizing vendor structuresmanagement.
Strong business insight to include financial modeling and budgeting.
Demonstrated ability to anticipate future trendsconsequences and build innovative approaches; bring a new perspective, but also have deep compensation experience in a customer-facing environment.
Success in crafting and articulating ideas and plans to both management and peers in the context of business priorities and needs.
Proven foundation in compensation theories and practices.
Able to evaluate, design, and recommend compensation programs based on market assessment and business strategy.
Strong problem-solving capabilities, including the ability to clearly define problems, collect data (primary and secondary), establish facts, draw valid conclusions, and influence others to implement recommendations.
Strong communication skills including conflict resolution, team management, and presentations.
Authentic individual with outstanding integrity whose personal and professional values are consistent with our mission, vision, and leadership framework.
Self-motivated; takes initiative to do further analysis when deeper insights can be achieved.
Strength in providing leadership, engendering drive and team collaboration; able to articulate clear and relevant goals and focus peoples efforts to deliver results.
Collaborative facilitator who develops relationships and loyalty with their colleagues across all business functions and levels.
Able to handle sophisticated matters with multiple initiatives going on simultaneously.

Preferred Qualifications

Experience working within a high-growth technology company.
Experience in compensation plan administration and reporting a plus.

 