Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Data Orchestration team is responsible for building  operating orchestration engines including Airflow, which power and accelerate data pipelines at the scale required by Stripe products. The team supports a variety of use cases, including but not limited to Financial Data Archiving  Analysis, Regulatory Reporting, Financial Data Reconciliation and Aggregated datasets that feed into Stripe products. The teams clusters host and serve thousands of workflows and over 100,000 executions on a daily basis and operates on a tech stack including Airflow, Spark, SQL, Python, Scala, Iceberg and S3. 
 The Data Orchestration teams vision is to:

Provide a low-friction standardized framework for designing pipelines for Stripe Data Platform users and
Empower emerging use cases beyond time-based batch pipelines and moving towards data-aware scheduling.

What youll do
In this role, you will have an opportunity to impact a large number of teams across Stripe by powering core reporting, fraud, AIML data feeds at scale.  Data Orchestration is currently re-architecting the fundamental Orchestration platform in order to achieve developer productivity improvements and onboard new use cases. This is an opportunity to help define the future of Orchestration at Stripe!
Responsibilities

Design, build, deploy and maintain data orchestration system components including but not limited to infrastructure (scheduler, web server, database, executors), alerting  logging framework and deployment systems for user pipelines.
Build a great customer experience for developers using Data Orchestration  hence Data Platform infrastructure at Stripe. 
Plan for the growth of Stripes infrastructure. Unblock, support and communicate with internal partners to achieve results.
Ensure operational excellence and enable a highly available  reliable Data Orchestration platform.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. 
Minimum requirements

BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent field and interest in data 
2-5 years of professional experience writing high quality production level code or software programs
Experience developing, maintaining and debugging distributed systems built with open source tools
Experience building infrastructure as a product centered around users needs
Experience optimizing the end to end performance of distributed systems
Experience with scaling distributed systems in a rapidly moving environment
Experience working with data pipelines

Preferred qualifications

Experience coding in Python, Java, Scala
Experience working with batch processing systems like Airflow, Spark.
Familiarity designing APIs or building developer platforms
Familiar with a cloud-based environments such as AWS
