Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripes payments products have helped to accelerate many of the worlds most innovative companies, and the Payments Methods team owns one of Stripes most critical workflows, a platform that processes billions of dollars in payments annually. 
We see more and more payment methods coming to the Buy Now Pay Later, Wallets, Bank Debits and Bank Transfers space. These provide more benefits to merchants and enable functionality that was not present before. These innovations are only increasing as new payment methods come to market each month. The team is focused on increasing the coverage and adoption of locally preferred payment methods for all our users. This includes building the payment method platform and the payment method integrations, and working on the adoption funnel to increase usage.
What youll do
Backend Engineers at Stripe are comfortable working on new products under fluid conditions, seamlessly balancing tactical and strategic considerations. 
Responsibilities

Scope and lead large technical projects, laying the groundwork for early-stage products to iteratively evolve and scale
Design, build, expand and maintain APIs and services
Work with our partners to launch new markets, payment methods, and capabilities
Align our technical decisions with Stripes broad strategic initiatives, while also advocating for needs specific to emerging new businesses
Work with engineers across the company to understand when existing infrastructure can be leveraged vs. when building a bespoke solution is prudent
Develop and execute against both short- and long-term roadmaps. Make effective tradeoffs that consider business priorities, user experience, and a sustainable technical foundation
Teach and mentor both individual contributors and managers to become the next generation of leaders at Stripe. As a senior member on a new team, you will be looked to for guidance

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Have a strong technical background, including 2 years of experience designing and engineering large-scale systems
Understand good practices of building and working with APIs
Measure your success in terms of business impact, not lines of code Internalize the best ideas from across the organization, humbly setting a vision that others are excited to get behind
Work well cross-functionally and earn trust from co-workers at all levels. You are often cited as the inspiration for engineers that join your team
Care deeply about mentorship and growing engineers and managers
Prefer simple solutions and designs over complex ones, and have a good intuition for what will last and scale
Enjoy working with a diverse group of people with different areas of expertise. Engineering works closely with a variety of teams: Sales and Support to better understand our customers needs, Legal and Accounting to understand how global policies influence our money-moving infrastructure, etc.

Preferred qualifications

Have experience in ensuring great user experience and ease of use of features and products you build.
Have experience with financial product companies and interest in financial products and markets.
Served as the technical lead and defined the roadmap for complex projects spanning multiple teams and functions.
