Who We Are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Service Platform organization within Stripe focuses on enabling Stripe engineers to write and ship useful services that efficiently leverage infrastructure capabilities. We do so by building effective frameworks and abstractions on top of the core infrastructure platforms that abstract away challenging infrastructure complexities and promote best practices. We are forming a new Service Ecosystem Sustainability team within this organization. This team will be accountable for the health, consistency, and modernity of the service infrastructure ecosystem.
This is a critical cross-functional team that will collaborate closely across infrastructure and product teams. This is a challenging and impactful work that is crucial for reducing fragmentation and improving safe and consistent usage of the infrastructure.  
What youll do
As an engineer in the Service Ecosystem Sustainability team, you will help guide our service infrastructure sustainability roadmap. You will invest in the most impactful sustainability initiatives and work towards the goal of reducing fragmentation and promoting the use of the newer, better and safer abstractions. You will build strong partnerships, work on complex projects and provide technical guidance to the junior engineers on the team. 
Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets these requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. 
Minimum requirements

3-10 years of professional software development experience in the domain of distributed systems and service oriented architecture, including technical leadership of projects
Experience in architecting and designing large-scale systems that delivered meaningful impact to a business
Skilled in working across infrastructure and product teams - building alignment, driving decision making, and communicating transparently
Passionate about improving productivity and developer experience of internal product teams
Eager to learn and effective at giving and receiving constructive feedback tofrom peer engineers

Preferred qualifications

Experience building and operating microservices in Java andor Ruby
Experience communicating and collaborating effectively across globally distributed teams
Experience with effectively planning and executing large scale migrations.
Experience mentoring and helping in the development of engineers and peers
Strong written and verbal communication skills for different audiences (leadership, users, stakeholders etc.).
