Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Network Infrastructure team at Stripe owns core network components used by all product teams to build micro-services which support our business. This includes defining and driving the vision necessary to achieve best of breed scale and availability. Some of the technologies that we work with include Linux OS, Kubernetes, AWS EC2, and AWS networking components. We continuously invest in building new distributed services and scaling existing technologies while working with various teams to meet their current and future needs.
Stripes infrastructure powers businesses all over the world. We process payments, run marketplaces, help entrepreneurs start an internet business from anywhere in the world, and more. The Compute organization is composed of teams that manage our OS components, Cloud infrastructure, Linux servers, container orchestration, and deployments. 
What youll do
As a Software Engineer for Core Network, you will play a key role in enabling Stripes infrastructure to power all of our products, globally and at scale. Your solutions will allow our business to scale and achieve a best in class priceperformance ratio.
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement. 
Responsibilities

Build a great customer experience for internal Stripe teams using your infrastructure
Design, build, and maintain distributed cloud infrastructure services
Work on scaling, automation, reliability and observability of infrastructure services
Operate your service, debug issues, and support customers
Participate in roadmap planning and prioritisation

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement
Minimum requirements

5 years of professional experience in a software development 
Networking experience (development) 
Experience using one of the major cloud providers - AWSAzureOCIGCP
Experience with Linux OS
A strong engineering background in infrastructure services
Experience developing, maintaining and debugging distributed systems
Experience with ops culture and a deep understanding of metrics, alarms and dashboards

Preferred qualifications

Experience in a development team in AWSAzureOCIGCP
Experience with Go
Experience with AWS network components (VPC, security groups, DNS Route 53, NLB, gateways, etc.)
Experience with Terraform
