Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Collecting and filing sales  indirect taxes is a classic area for technology disruption. Companies selling across countries, states, and even smaller jurisdictions have to navigate through a myriad of tax rates, product-level tax exemptions, filing requirements, and registration obligations. The rules are constantly changing, and not accurately calculating and filing tax can have legal ramifications.  
Its no surprise then that solving for tax compliance is a top customer ask. We launched Stripe Tax as a new SaaS product in 2021 to help solve this pain-point and make tax compliance as effortless as possible. Its still early days, and were looking for strong product managers to help shape our product and build our business. 
 
What youll do
Responsibilities
As a Product Manager on the new Stripe Tax Filing team, youll develop and bring to market a new product for Stripe. You will create intuitive user-facing experiences to solve a complex user problem. Youll go deep into user needs, and build a product we can offer to direct Stripe users and help platforms embed in their offering. Youll also own key business metrics, and lead a team of strong engineering, design, product marketing, and data science partners to drive product adoption and growth.
Our ideal Product Manager has an uncommonly discerning design sense while also being deeply analytical; they pair the two skills to find opportunities to power Stripe Taxs growth while delighting our users. They are known to make things happen quickly, and are influential across product teams.
 
Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

7 years of product management experience, especially on driving adoption of user-facing products. You have experience managing technical software products from kick-off to ship
An uncommonly discerning design sense
Strong analytical skills. You can look at a problem, structure it, and quickly decide where to focus the team
A demonstrated ability to influence other product and cross-functional teams
Persistence and a whatever-it-takes approach to ensure that your product is successful
Strong written and verbal communication skills with a talent for precise articulations of customer problems

Preferred qualifications

Software engineering experience, a computer science or engineering degree, or similar technical experience
