Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
As a Sales Development Representative (SDR) at Stripe, you will drive Stripes future growth engine by working with Demand Gen and the Account Executive team to qualify leads and collaboratively build Stripes sales pipeline. You get excited about engaging with prospects to better qualify needs. You are adept at identifying high value opportunities and capable of managing early sales funnel activities.You are used to delivering value in complex situations and are energized by learning about new and existing products. Finally, you enjoy building  you like to actively participate in the development of the demand generation and sales process, the articulation of Stripes value proposition, and the creation of key tools and assets. If youre hungry, smart, persistent, and a great teammate, we want to hear from you!
We take a data driven, analytical approach to sales development, and are looking for someone who is confident in both prospecting to customers and in helping design our strategy. If youre hungry, smart, persistent, and a great teammate, we want to hear from you!
What youll do
Responsibilities

Follow up with Marketing generated leads to qualify as sales opportunities. Move solid leads through the funnel connecting them to a salesperson, and arranging meetings
Identify high-potential businesses, verticals and markets, and develop and execute outbound strategies to bring them to Stripe
Develop and lead campaigns from idea-generation through to qualified calls and determine how best to scale them
Develop and codify best practices and sales workflows for scaled and bespoke interactions with prospects
Initiate contact with potential customers through cold-calling or responding to inquiries generated from Marketing
Partner with Account Executives to build strategy and prospect into designated accounts
Develop relationships with prospects to uncover needs through effective questioning to qualify interest and viability to prepare hand-off to sales
Follow-up with potential customers who expressed interest but did not initially result in a sales opportunity
Effectively work through lead list meetingexceeding SLAs, consistently update activity and contact information within the CRM system and support weekly reporting efforts
Collaborate and provide feedback and insights to Marketing to help improve targeting and messaging
Work with customers to support their activation  deployment of Stripe services contracted

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. 
Minimum requirements

A track record of top performance or prior success
Superior verbal and written communication skills
Strong interest in technology
Self starter who is able to operate in a hyper growth environment
This role requires in-office participation three (3) days per week in our Chicago office 

Preferred Qualifications

Experience at a high-growth tech company 
