Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripe is building tools to help our Users to create and scale their businesses, and grow the GDP of the internet. The Workforce Management team at Stripe helps manage our growing support operations network of both internal and external resourcing by consulting on operational change initiatives, modeling support requirements, and managing workload and resource allocations for optimal User experience.
What youll do
As a Workforce Capacity Planner you will be playing a key role in designing and maintaining capacity planning models for one of our key user support verticals with a focus on user experience, budget, utilization and speed of answer to our users queries. You will be operating in a fast paced and energizing environment surrounded by top talents, where resilience and openness to feedback will be key to success.
Responsibilities

Develop and maintain capacity planning models to forecast resource requirements
Evaluate potential risks and opportunities of inputs into our model, to inform planning decisions
Monitor performance against planned capacity levels and adjusting plans as needed, while holding stakeholders accountable to accuracy of inputs into the plan
Collaborate with the vendor delivery team and stakeholders, to gather information and align planning efforts with Stripe business goals
Communicate planning results and recommendations to senior leadership and stakeholders
Serve as a strategic partner in our intake process, providing subject-matter expertise support for any requests affecting resourcing
Analyze data on production or service delivery to determine utilization rates and identify areas for improvement

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

7 years in operationsworkforce management for internal and outsourced workforce
SQL, Tableau or comparable tools knowledge to perform data analysis independently
5 years experience in capacity planning for medium to large organizations
Excellent communication skills

Preferred qualifications

Project Management experience
WFM Tools knowledge
Outsourcing knowledge 
 
