Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Web Presence and Platform (WPP) team is organized into two pillars, each of which is grouped into pods that focus on the central tenets of Stripes public mission. The Presence pillar creates industry-leading designs for Stripes front door surfaces, educates customers about the power of our platform, and drives our business success. The Platform pillar builds the internal machinery that powers these surfaces, and is responsible for making our websites fast, stable, and easy to modify.
Together we design and build stripe.com and other sites that amount to what is, for many, their first impression of Stripe. As such, WPP offers exciting opportunities to have a major impact on Stripes success. We want to make every pixel count, we want it to be enthralling, and we want to help other Stripes seamlessly benefit from our systematic work.
What youll do
We are looking for an experienced engineering leader who can lead a pillar within our engineering team. This person will guide their team, set direction and coach talented ICs. 
Our team includes both software engineers and design engineers and engineers on WPP take on a variety of missions. From creating easy to use tools and increasing velocity for our team and our internal customers, to building a blazing fast site, we are focused on performance and ease. Were equally obsessed with and passionate about the experience our current and future customers have on our site, and aspire to set the standard for what they can expect from Stripe. Our site is beautiful, functional, aspirational, and performant. Youll lead part of the team that makes all of these things possible. 
Youll foster the growth of the individuals on your team, providing support for their work and acceleration for their growth. Youll partner with WPPs leadership to devise and deliver on roadmaps focused on the strategic experiences we bring to our users. Youll develop and lead a collaborative team that is excited to meet you.  
Responsibilities

Mentor and coach engineers to create healthy and well-executing teams 
Develop engineering talent on the team, helping them advance in their careers 
Recruit great engineers in collaboration with Stripes recruiting team 
Contribute to engineering-wide initiatives as a member of Stripes engineering management team  
Help your team focus on what they do best, and give them the opportunities to sharpen the skills theyre looking to develop
Provide an environment in which they can thrive both as an individual, and as a member of a diverse community
Give your team the agency in their work to shape outcomes they can proudly own
Help your team partner closely with our user research team to better understand the audiences for the experiences they build

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. 
Minimum requirements

3 years of experience being an engineering manager
A track record of effectively recruiting, mentoring, and retaining great people
Experience driving business and product success in a highly cross-functional organization
A history of thriving with a high level of autonomy and responsibility
Experience working closely with peers in design and production
A reputation for committing to quality and focusing on user experience 
