Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
As Stripes user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we have distinctly unique support problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with. The Stripe Delivery Center (SDC) strategy will provide operational leverage and expand Stripes portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs for external users and internal Stripe teams. Our support experience leverages deep understanding of our products, the financial industry and money movement, and our customers products and users, and requires us to invest significant resources into building this experience ourselves with talented teams of Stripes. 
What youll do
We are looking for a Leader who brings exceptional leadership and operational abilities to build and manage Operations at our new SDC, a centralized operational center with multi-faceted business units, located in Mexico City. This leader will develop the strategy for the SDC, build the operations team, craft a culture with world-class operational excellence and cultivate collaborative cross-team engagement. They should be strong advocates for their Stripes and work tirelessly to make this team an enriching place to start at Stripe. 
Responsibilities

Build the operations team at the SDC (from scratch)
Develop the multi-year strategy to scale the SDC - creating a unique value proposition within Stripe 
Be directly responsible for the operational performance across multiple LOBs, drive innovation and improvements in internal and external user experience 
Partner with senior business leaders across Stripe to support their needs and quickly scale support
Drive cross-functional engagement improving Stripes product feedback loops
Invest in building a great team, including at a leadership level, and exceptional culture 

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Youre a proven leader with 15 years building scaled organizations and leading world-class operational centers
You are passionate about building teams, developing people, and creating a strong identity and culture
You have experience managing operational teams with highly complex products working across global time zones, multiple service channels, and lines of business
You have extensive experience in running a centralized organization, getting buy-in from senior stakeholders, and bringing a vision to life.
You are low ego, and have a proven track record for working well across teams and with internal and external partners
You are action-oriented, with strong organization skills and attention to detail and you thrive in ambiguity
You excel in analytical thinking and problem solving, and use data to structure strategic recommendations, always with the User in mind
You have business proficiency in written and spoken English

Preferred qualifications

 Prior experience in a high growth technology company

 