Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The vision of the Data Transformation team is to build innovative solutions for real time data transformation backing our payment, Ledger, fraud detection, and core infrastructure systems. We empower our users ranging from Data Scientists to Engineers building pipelines to create exceptional Stripe product experiences while providing a robust transformation platform that scales to billions of events a day. The team owns transformation abstractions and infrastructure that operates on a wide variety of tech tech stack including Kafka, Flink, Spark, Airflow, SQL, Python, Scala, and Iceberg. We are looking for a manager who can drive the technical vision of the Data Transformation platform, and lead a team to solve difficult distributed system problems. They need to be empathetic, have the ability to develop strong relationships, and partner well with other Stripe teams to understand their use-cases and unlock new capabilities.
What youll do
As an Engineering Manager of the Data Transformation team, you will lead a team of engineers, collaborate with infrastructure and product engineering orgs, and advance the Data Transformation roadmap and adoption at Stripe.You will:

Deliver amazing infrastructure and services that scale to our users needs with an eye on reliability and efficiency
Lead and manage a team of talented engineers on the team, providing mentorship, guidance, and support to ensure their success
Work with high-visibility teams and their stakeholders to support the Infrastructures key engineering initiatives
Understand user needs and pain points to prioritize engineering work and deliver high quality solutions that meet user needs
Drive the execution of projects, overseeing the entire development lifecycle from planning to delivery, while maintaining high standards of quality and timely completion
Provide hands-on technical leadership (architecturedesign, visiondirectionrequirements setting, and incident response processes) for your reports
Work with leaders across the company to create and drive toward the longer term vision of Stripes Data Transformation roadmap
Foster a collaborative and inclusive work environment, promoting innovation, knowledge sharing, and continuous improvement within the team
Partners with our recruiting team to attract and hire top talent, and define the overall hiring strategies for your team

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements
Were looking for someone who has: 

1 - 3 years of experience managing teams that shipped and operated data pipelines and critical distributed system infrastructure
Successfully recruited and built great teams.
Extreme customer focus, committed to investing in partnerships with other Stripe engineers to establish empathy and understand their use-cases
Works effectively cross-functionally and is able to think rigorously, communicate effectively, and make or coordinate hard decisions and trade-offs.
Thrives with a high degree of autonomy and responsibility in an ambiguous environment.
Technical acumen to drive clarity with staff engineers about architecture and technical strategic decisions.
Encourage a healthy and inclusive work environment thats both challenging and supportive

Preferred qualifications

Managed teams that shipped products to data users and operated large-scale, high-availability data transformation pipelines, with expertise in Kafka, Flink, Spark, Airflow, Python, SQL, and API design a plus.
A genuine enjoyment of learning and diving into the nuts-and-bolts of how things work, with the ability to question and direct architectural decisions
Strong written and verbal communication skills for different audiences (leadership, users, company-wide)
