Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
You will be part of a team, working closely with the APAC Compliance Lead, to jointly build and operate a best in class regulatory compliance program as Stripe launches in new APAC markets and expands its product offerings in existing markets. This means you will be handling a wide variety of compliance-related matters and collaborating closely with internal and external stakeholders to ensure Stripe complies with its regulatory and licensingregistration obligations in Indonesia. 
What youll do
We are looking for a regulatory compliance manager experienced in the fintech and payment industry to implement and run the compliance program in Indonesia (other jurisdictions may be added to the portfolio as required). You should also have a good understanding of the fundamentals of anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism (AMLCTF), to help maintain and strengthen Stripes Financial Crimes program in Indonesia in order  to deter and prevent financial crimes in Indonesia.
Responsibilities

Identify the legislations that are relevant for the existing and new products offered by Stripe, and provide guidance to regulatory obligation owners in various teams to help them understand and ensure compliance with the regulatory requirements and standards expected by the local regulators. 
Conduct risk impact and control adequacy assessments to determine the compliance health of the entity, including preparing and presenting regular performance reports to management and board.  
Provide guidance andor draft and implement policies and procedures to ensure all regulatory requirements are met.
Serve as the primary point of contact for all regulatory compliance matters, and build and maintain good relationships with regulators and external stakeholders in the payments industry, in particular Bank Indonesia, PPATK and other relevant authorities. 
Engage regulatory bodies proactively to clarify regulations andor issues affecting Stripe businessproducts. 
Monitor the regulatory landscape closely, especially when there are new regulatory requirements or new product launches, and adequately prepare Stripe for compliance. 
Represent Stripe and coordinate with internal stakeholders to attend industry meetings organised by regulator, government bodies andor industry associations. As required, consolidate feedback from internal stakeholders for sharing and discussion at these meetings. 
Prepare and coordinate with relevant stakeholders to prepare accurate regulatory reports and submissions to the regulator(s) as required. 
Plan and prepare internal stakeholders for any external audits or regulatory inspectionsexaminations, and monitor the remediation of  any issuesfindings raised from these reports. 
Create relevant materials and provide training to staff at least on an annual basis to keep Stripe up-to-date on local regulatory requirements.
Provide regulatory advice and recommendations to business teams, and participate actively in new business proposals and discussions (e.g. new products or users) with an enabling and compliant mindset.
Work closely with the compliance testing team to scope reviews on high riskweak control areas. 
Work closely with the Enterprise Risk Team to implement, maintain and improve Stripe Indonesias risk management program. 
Promptly disseminate AMLKYC and Sanctions related regulations and assist the Global and APAC Financial Crimes team (FC Team) to ensure compliance with such regulations. 
Prepare and file any AML and Sanctions related reports with the relevant regulators in coordination with the FC Team (for e.g. Suspicious Transactions Report) 
Assist the FC Team in due diligence of users, at onboarding and throughout the users lifecycle.
Assist the FC Team maintain a comprehensive register of FC obligations and perform periodic self assessment, especially after new issuance of new regulations  
Work with the FC Team and provide inputs towards continuously improving Stripe Indonesias FC program.  

Who you are
You should also have a good understanding of the fundamentals of anti-money laundering  and countering the financing of terrorism (AMLCTPF), to help maintain and strengthen Stripes Financial Crimes program in Indonesia in order  to deter and prevent financial crimes in Indonesia. Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. 
Minimum requirements

A bachelors  degree or higher.
Minimum 5 to 8 years combined relevant compliance experience in payments companies, banking institutions, financial regulators, law firms andor audit firms.
A good knowledge of the paymentsfintech industry and the relevant legislations (including AML and Sanctions regulations) in Indonesia.
Independent worker with strong analytical skills and the ability to make sound complianceregulatory decisions for Stripe.
Strong team player to work with various internal stakeholders to effectively implement the compliance program.
Experience in interacting with financial regulators in Indonesia.
Strong communication skills in Bahasa Indonesia and English  (both written and verbal).

 
 