Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The newly formed Payments ML Accelerator team is developing capabilities that will unlock the proliferation of ML based techniques across Stripes payment products. We are developing cutting edge deep learning models tailored to Stripes payment data, and infrastructure to enable rapid ML exploration and very fast experiment cycles. We are exploring novel applications powered by ML as well as improving core product features such as detecting fraudulent transactions across all payment methods or optimizing payment acceptance rate.
What youll do
As a machine learning engineer, you will design and build platforms and services that are configurable and scalable. You will have the opportunity to build and deploy advanced ML applications and generalizable feature engineering pipelines, with the aim to produce business impact and raise the bar for technical excellence. You will also have the opportunity to contribute to and influence ML architecture at Stripe. 
Responsibilities

Build shared Payments ML infrastructure such as a centralized Payments Feature Store
Build and deploy deep learning architectures and feature embeddings for Payment entities such as merchant, issuer, or customer
Design and architect generalizable ML workflows for rapid expansion of existing ML solutions
Experiment with advanced ML solutions in the industry and ideate on product applications
Collaborate with our machine learning infrastructure team to leverage new infra services for business solutions
Collaborate with data scientists to build ML models

Who you are
We are looking for ML Engineers who are passionate about using ML to improve products and delight customers. You have experience developing streaming feature pipelines, building ML models, and deploying them to production, even if it involves making substantial changes to backend code. You are comfortable with ambiguity, love to take initiative, and have a bias towards action
Minimum requirements

At least 5 years of industry experience doing end-to-end ML development on a machine learning team and bringing ML models to production
Advanced degree in a quantitative field (e.g. computer science, statistics, physics, )
Proficient in Python, Scala, Spark

Preferred qualifications

Knowledge about how to manipulate data to perform analysis, including querying data, defining metrics, or slicing and dicing data to evaluate a hypothesis.
Experience evaluating niche and upcoming ML solutions

 