Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Test Data Infrastructure team is responsible for making Stripes developers happy and productive. We work on tools, processes, and code refactoring to accelerate Stripe engineering as Stripe scales.
The team has three main areas of responsibility. Providing access to data suitable for local development and iteration, orchestrating reproducible interactions between services using a tool known as Scenarios, providing the primitives to sanitize, or generate, production-like data to improve the quality of testing, or ML model training.
What youll do
You will be responsible for defining and driving the core feature set of the platform, as well as the user experience of using the platform. The scope includes engineers who iterate on features locally, and engineers who run end-to-end tests in any supported deployment environment such as QA or pre-production.
 
 
Responsibilities
Build large scale distributed systems, tools and libraries that serve as the interface to data infrastructure for all of Stripes engineering teams

Maintaining and evolving existing distributed, and local, services.
Collaborating with engineers on the team, as well as cross-functional stakeholders, to develop prototype solutions for domains which are underserved by existing tooling.
Design, build, and maintain distributed cloud infrastructure services
Participate in roadmap planning and prioritization

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to beconsidered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you areencouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not arequirement.
Minimum requirements

4 years of professional, full-time software development experience
Experience designing, developing, maintaining and debugging distributed systems built with open source tools
Experience building tools to improve developer productivity, and empathy for the end users
Experience writing high quality code in a major programming language, preferably Ruby, Java, or gocode.
A background supporting engineer focused tools.

Preferred qualifications

Experience optimizing the end to end performance and reliability of distributed Systems
Proficiency in either Java or Ruby.
Familiarity with data privacy best practices
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work well in a collaborative environment
Experience mentoring and leading other engineers is a plus

 