Who We Are
About Stripe
At Stripe, you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach. Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. 
About The Team
The Solutions Architecture Team partners with our users to realize their full potential through the adoption of prescriptive solutions that drive their growth and success.
We work with C-level executives, finance leaders, product design and engineering teams at large global brands and platforms who are building financial services solutions with Stripe.  Our SA team works closely with Account Executives, Professional Services, Customer Success Managers, Partners, Technical Account Managers and Product Team to develop and execute on the account strategy for Stripes large users and enterprise prospects.  
As a manager of Solution Architecture, you will lead, build, and mentor a world class pre-sales engineering team at scale.  You will drive collaboration from cross-functional teams to influence and unify stakeholders at all levels of the organization to drive business outcomes. 
Responsibilities

Business and technical thought leader able to partner and drive GEO, Regional, Account strategy and execution plan working with cross functional partners
Recruit, hire, lead, retain and coach a world class presales team.  Be an advocate for presales within the organization
Nurture and be the role-model of a positive outlook, can-do attitude and growth mindset, while leading and keeping the SAs motivated in a fast paced and ever changing environment
Partner closely with Sales, Marketing and Technical Teams (Professional Services, Product, Development, etc)  to develop joint go-to-market initiatives that drive positive user experience and outcomes while driving revenue growth
Executive engagement skills and presence, with an ability to establish strong relationships with key decision makers and build credibility at all levels.
Serve as an executive champion and lead EBCs with important customer base
Effective group-facilitation skills and confidence in proposing and leading customer meetings to gain strategic footing and pursue opportunities.
Drive collaboration across teams to influence and unify stakeholders at all levels of the organization.
Lead and support the team in complex evaluations, problem solving and challenging customer environments
Build processes to measure the performance and impact of the Solution Engineering Team and ensure that the team is optimized to meet rapidly evolving business needs
Stay current on industry trends and competitive dynamics, and leverage this knowledge to shape strategy around user engagements 
Represent Stripe at industry events and conferences, customer business reviews and contribute to new ideas and industry best practices
Champion the voice of our users and customers to influence product direction and feature priorities
Act as an escalation point for pre-sales and post sales technical issues that arise

Minimum Requirements

You must have at least 5 years of pre-sales leadership experience 
10 years experience in a technical sales role (Solutions ArchitectConsultant, etc)
A track record of building and leading world-class solution architecture engineering  teams ideally in a SaaS or usage-based businesses
Payments experience preferred
Energy, enthusiasm, and passion for making customers successful
Previous technical sales experience with APIs, distributed systems, databases, andor developer tools preferred or previous payments industry experience
Strong understanding of developing human centric CX experiences, enterprise systems and architecture, middleware, etc.
Strong communication (written and verbal) and presentation skills
Strong executive presence and ability to foster deep relationships with our users
Bachelors degree or equivalent military experience required

 