Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Paid Support team directly supports our largest, and fastest growing users.  We provide proactive consultation, best practice guidance, and ongoing managed services to optimize and accelerate our users business. We pursue excellence in user service, aiming to consistently exceed expectations.
What youll do
Stripe is looking for a US-based leader to mentor, lead, and grow Stripes within Paid Support. This manager will lead an established group of high-performing Stripes who are motivated to improve the experience for our Paid Support users. This managers day to day interactions with the team will cultivate happiness, define and implement cross-functional solutions at scale, lead through user challenges and provide continual mentorship and feedback. In addition, this manager will work cross-functionally to drive operational programs to elevate Stripes level of service and support through setting strategy, defining clear goals and determining prioritization with data and user feedback.
Responsibilities

Define the strategy and future of Paid Support for a new, high-growth, velocity segment within Stripe, partnering with GTM, Product, and Partners
Scale the team globally as the demand increases
Guide your team and the Paid Support organization to deliver incredible services experiences, grow services revenue and contribute to strategic programs 
Ensure that team members are happy, effective, and growing in their career and user work
Set clear goals and direction for the team and each individual; provide regular feedback on your team members performance
Analyze data from user feedback and experiences to drive efficiency and build quality
Be an advocate for Stripe users and champion for users needs internally 
Transmit and foster our values, serving as a beacon of Stripes user-centric philosophy and culture of transparency, empathy, inclusion and empowerment
Help build the organization through management projects such as recruiting, training, writing team policies, defining team processes, or other organizational improvements

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

15 years of experience leading technical services or technical support teams and programs
Experience in forming and growing highly effective teams in emerging or uncharted lines of business
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
An ability to build trust with users, setting a high bar for quality, with a willingness to lead by example

Preferred qualifications

Experience with fintech SaaS products
Experience leading growth initiatives (through driving sales revenue andor elevating operational service) with winning track-record
Proven ability to scale a technical services or technical support team in a high-growth environment

 