Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
As Stripes products, user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we have increasingly complex problems resulting from both our type of scale and lack of robust financial infrastructure. Our Global Finance strategy will provide an unprecedented amount of exposure to unique challenges and allow you to partner with some of the most talented finance professionals in the world.   
What youll do
We are seeking a dynamic and visionary leader to take on the role of Head of Global Finance  Accounting Operations within our organization. The Global Finance Leader will play a pivotal role in driving highly accurate processes, innovative solutions, operational excellence and best practices across the finance organization. 
This position will influence and shape the future of finance within our company while leading a team of experts in their respective fields of Financial Reporting and Analysis, Finance Operations, Tax and Accounting. You will continue building this nascent operation (established in March of 2022) with an opportunity and set the pace and direction for the next evolution. 
Responsibilities

Strategy Development: Collaborate with senior management to define and execute the strategic vision of the Global Finance Center, aligning it with the overall organizational goals.
Team Leadership: Lead, mentor, and inspire a team of subject matter experts and analysts, fostering a culture of continuous learning and development consistent with Stripe Operating and Leadership principles.
Operational Excellence: Develop, implement or improve processes and share best practices throughout the organization.  Regularly report on process performance with key stakeholders and providegather service feedback.
Innovation: Drive innovation initiatives by identifying emerging trends and technologies, and lead efforts to pilot, adopt, and integrate innovative solutions into the organization.
Collaboration: Facilitate cross-functional collaboration within the GFC and with other departments, breaking down silos and promoting a culture of collaboration and knowledge-sharing.
Performance Metrics: Develop and monitor key performance metrics to measure the impact and effectiveness of the GFCs initiatives and activities, ensuring continuous improvement.
Quality Assurance: Establish quality control and assurance standards to maintain high-quality output from the GFC, maintaining a strong focus on excellence and compliance.
Stakeholder Engagement: Engage with internal and external stakeholders to promote the GFCs mission and secure buy-in from key decision-makers

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Youre a proven leader with 18 years building scaled organizations and leading world-class Financial operational center
You are passionate about building teams, developing people, and creating a strong identity and culture
Experience working in a fast pace, high growth industry with a history of leveraging technology to scale with the business
Advanced finance, accounting and operations experience
Demonstrated knowledge of key business financial metrics, providing metrics inputs to various reporting venues, and communicating key performance indicators to stakeholders in support of business objectives
Proficient in obtaining, organizing, and analyzing data to challenge conventional wisdom, make fact-based decisions, and drive root cause analysis, and evaluate outcomes
Ability to set goals, financial plans and effectively influence leaders across Stripe
Bachelors Degree in Finance, Accounting, Business or STEM field (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math); MBA preferred

Preferred qualifications

Proficient in applications (Oracle Fusion, Anaplan), Banking Industry or SQL is a plus
