Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
We are building an elite team to drive financial insight and strategy at Stripe. The GTM Finance and Strategy team brings understanding and predictability to Stripes top line financials, and we work together with our key business partners to accelerate long term growth for Stripe. Your work will be highly visible to Stripe leadership and instrumental to realizing Stripes business aspirations. 
What youll do
We are seeking a seasoned Finance leader to join the GTM FS team. This team is responsible for leading the global planning process, consolidation, metrics  analytics, and other global strategic processes and programs. This role will also be responsible for driving scale and process optimization into the work we do to effectively support the GTM business.
Responsibilities

 Act as a Finance  Strategy lead providing centralized support for the GTM business, working closely with Stripes CRO, CFO, and broader executive leadership team
Lead strategic and financial planning processes across the GTM FS team and business; Manage communications, alignment of teams and deliverables, and ownership of processes  
Define metrics and leading indicators of business performance, partner with Data Science to understand trends, and proactively identify areas of opportunity and risk
Own the execution of BOD materials, bi-weekly metrics reporting, monthly business reviews, and other reporting to properly assess the health and execution of the business
Partner with the Sales Compensation team on strategy and design, while highlighting areas of financial or operational opportunity and risk
Develop recommendations for leadership on strategic resource allocation decisions, return on investment frameworks, and GTM strategy
Partner with GTM Operations on requirements gathering to identify and improve systems and tools needed to effectively scale with business growth
Build and develop a high caliber team of GTM Finance  Strategy professionals

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

7 to 10 years of experience in GTM sales finance or strategic finance, preferably at a high growth, enterprise software, SaaS, or fintech focused business; management consulting, private equity, venture capital, business analytics roles andor MBA a plus
People management experience and demonstrated success in building and leading high performing finance teams
Exceptional analytical capabilities and business acumen, with the ability to simplify and distill complex information in a rigorous but consumable way
An enthusiastic roll up your sleeves mentality to go deep into business analysis and understand details while managing Exec-level communication
A proven ability to build strong collaborative working relationships with business partners and executives; you are seen as a trusted and objective advisor
Ability to deal effectively with ambiguity and thrive in an unstructured, fast-paced environment
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experience with SQL or a willingness to learn is a must
