Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripes Solutions Architecture Team partners with our users to realize their full potential through the adoption of prescriptive solutions that drive their growth and success. We work with C-level executives, finance leaders, product design and engineering teams at large global brands and platforms who are building financial services solutions with Stripe. Our Solutions Architect team works closely with Account Executives, Professional Services, Customer Success Managers, Partners, Technical Account Managers and Product Team to develop and execute on the account strategy for Stripes large users and enterprise prospects.
What youll do
As a Program Manager on Stripes Solutions Architecture team, youll be responsible for creating, running and partnering with other regions to deliver programs that help us coordinate and execute on a global scale. Youll work closely with Solutions Architecture leadership as well as teams across Stripe to deliver strategic projects and programs.
The successful program manager has experience leading large-scale projects spanning sales, engineering, and operations. They are able to distill complexity into clarity and drive impact. They are curious, driven, focused, detail-oriented, able to influence without authority, relentless in driving to closure, and able to build strong relationships. They thrive in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment. They are strategic, able to see the big picture with business context, and able to find creative solutions as a result.
Responsibilities

Own and drive the strategy of programs across the solutions architecture organization
Partner with other regional solutions architecture teams to deliver globally scoped programs
Define, design, launch, and run programs to improve the effectiveness and impact of the global solutions architecture organization
Establish, standardize, and launch frameworks for project management, decision making, and project status to improve coordination and operational rigor
Create change management principles to guide the roll out of organizational change and evolution as we rapidly scale
Employ data-driven insights to improve interlocks with other organizations (Product, Engineering, Professional Services, and Sales)
Monitor information flow throughout the team, help leadership understand where the gaps are; suggest and execute fixes
Track projects, timelines and commitments on internal projects and customer deliverables
Facilitate project retrospectives to collect feedback, draw out lessons learned, and document best practices

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

10 years or more experience in similar or related technology or operational role
Strong project-management skills, with the ability to handle multiple, high-priority projects or programs in a highly demanding environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills, building strong relationships with stakeholders and teams around the organization
Strong executive influencing skills, and the ability to lead complex pieces of work in matrix environments  without direct authority

Preferred qualifications

Worked on a wide variety of projects, learned new things, and directed your own work from day to day
The ability to effectively communicate with colleagues clearly and concisely
An extremely responsive and collaborative team-player mentality
Excellent judgment and demonstrated ability to handle time-sensitive work
Strong organizational skills with demonstrated attention to detail
Experience helping build culture  community
