Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team:
The Stripe Corporate Accounting Team is responsible for providing timely and accurate month end close financials, that are US GAAP compliant. We ensure an accurate and timely month end close by preparing various journal entries and account reconciliations for payroll, debt, prepaids, accruals, leases, property plant and equipment etc. Our dynamic team is expanding, and were looking for experienced accountants to support the Corporate Accounting team as part of Stripes Delivery Center (shared service organization) as we scale the accounting function for the future. This role operates in a fast-paced environment and collaborates significantly with cross-functional and international teams. This role will support Stripes Corporate Accounting team located in the US and Dublin, Ireland.
You will:

Perform monthly and quarterly close activities, including manual journal entries, balance sheet reconciliations, variance analyses and analytical reviews, producing internal management reporting and external audit support
Participate in building scalable accounting processes to support global growth
Partner with Payroll, AP, Internal Systems, Treasury, Tax, andor Legal to investigate issues that arise during reporting cycles
Execute efficient internal control documentation and sign-off procedures
Enhance and maintain existing accounting policy and procedural documentation
Ensure proper accounting policies and principles are followed in accordance with US GAAP

Were looking for someone with:

Big 4 exposure to audit, accounting and risk reviews.
4-7 years of relevant public accounting andor industry experience 
B.A. or B.S degree in Accounting or Finance (CPA, Chartered Accountant strongly preferred)
Fluency in U.S. GAAP 
Excellent communication and organizational skills, both written and verbal
Strong knowledge of Excel and experience working with large data sets
Demonstrated experience partnering with cross-functional stakeholders
Experience driving efficiencies and enhancing existing accounting processes
Experience working in a face pace environment, adhering to many competing deadlines within regular reporting cycles
Demonstrated history of taking on various types of challenging projects and producing results
Solution-oriented mindset with enthusiasm for establishing best practices
Experience working in Global Companys offsite delivery center, partnering with teammates in multiple time zones.

You also likely have:

Knowledge of (or experience in) the technology or payments industry
SQL experience
