Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Design team works across many types of product initiatives at Stripe—from our brand voice and websites to events, web and mobile products, primary qualitative and quantitative research, and even printed publications. Since Stripes main audience is other people who build products, we agonize over and take pride in crafting user-friendly and user-focused experiences.
You would join the Design Operations team that leads Designs business operations, running cross-organizational programs and building the systems needed to foster collaboration and produce world-class work. Design Program Managers guide high-complexity programs through the design lifecycle and apply their experience in design thinking to our operating model, prototyping and iterating on the ways our team works. The Design Operations team is looking to add a seasoned Design Program Manager to primarily partner with Product Design and Design leadership on cross-discipline programs.  The role is full-time, based remotely in CanadaNorth America and reports to our Head of Design Operations. 
What youll do

Lead and build out programs primarily for the Design organization, primarily across Product Design. Develop and implement processes and resources to support how we deliver high-quality user experiences and collaborate with product teams
Continuously seek to improve our operational model and processes (e.g. automating tasks, improving workflows, developing repeatable methodologies) and measure impact along the way
Evaluate and implement new tools with product designers and cross-functional partners to enable collaborate across Stripe
Partner with Design Leadership and collaborate with the Design Ops team to balance competing priorities and maximize team resources to quickly execute on top priorities. Play a leading role in monthly and quarterly reporting and planning
Identify and predict potential obstacles and risks to key programs; seek to implement solutions and problem solve effectively and implement decision making frameworks to drive swift resolutions
Define and keep up-to-date documentation of how Design works and how to work with each of the Design disciplines that make up our team
Source and evaluate design vendors when needed. Interface with legal, security, and procurement teams to onboard and pay vendors, including facilitating statements of work and negotiating business terms and budget.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Has 3 years of experience in design thinking, product design, user experience, program management, or design strategy and experience partnering with design teams 
Worked as a Producer or Program Manager of a Design, UXProduct Design or Research team
Have developed or improved processes or systems and worked with internal stakeholders such as product, marketing, legal, finance, and IT

Preferred qualifications

Love the words systems and process because to you they mean making everything better at scale
Thrive in and encourage collaborative work environments while not hesitating to own, define, and deliver on complex and ambiguous tasks, projects, and programs
See opportunities where other people see chaos
Have a track record of building and executing programs from scratch and measuring their impact
Relentlessly focus on users and solving for their needs and wants
Have excellent written and verbal communication skills and use them to effectively roll out large scale programs
Enjoy working closely with designers, and have familiarity with product development and research methods in the digital space

 