Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripes mission is to increase the GDP of the internet: we build economic infrastructure for internet businesses of every size in pursuit of this mission. The Partner Risk Operations (PRO) team is responsible for managing the risk relationships spanning across global payment method, card, and banking partners. Today, Stripe is live in 42 markets and the PRO team is building out regional teams to expedite the ability to support Stripes growth around the world.
What youll do
We are looking for an experienced program manager to join our PRO team, leading our operational enablement efforts to onboard and support financial partner risk initiatives for our greater AMER region. In this role, you will be responsible for liaising with a variety of cross-functional internal and external stakeholders to identify and assess regulatory, contractual, and partner risk. Further, you will influence and advise operational teams in building out scalable operational processes to ensure compliance with service level agreements, routine reporting, and overall risk mitigation.The right candidate for this role will be passionate about cultivating relationships, educating others in a complex area of risk, possess a strong desire to challenge the status quo, and fervently advocate for creative solutions that support Stripes business. Successful candidates for the role will have a minimum of five years experience in risk, compliance, or legal within payments, fintech, or financial service spaces
Responsibilities

Maintain a pulse on regional roadmaps for new market entry, ensuring all risk related requirements are inventoried and documented;
Work directly with the Head of Partner Risk to operationalize partner and market requirements ahead of launch, including working directly with product on any automation or tooling initiatives required;
Develop and maintain regional objectives and key results for the PRO team;
Maintain regular communication with our cross-functional stakeholders, setting up recurring business meetings as necessary;
Assist with the coordination of regulatory exams, financial partner audits, or internal business unit assessments;
Participate in weekly, monthly, quarterly, and annual business reviews for the PRO team;

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

5 years of relevant experience with the financial ecosystem in AMER;
Excellent written and verbal communication skills;
Advanced proficiency in SQL or other data analysis tools;
Intrinsically motivated; proactively looking to solve problems before they are even identified.
