Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripes mission is to build the economic infrastructure for the internet. Risk and Compliance Engineering builds products to lower Stripes financial and regulatory risk at scale, while retaining a best in class user experience. We build user-facing products, and backend platforms to ensure Stripes users are compliant with regulatory and financial partner requirements. We protect Stripes brand while also protecting the company from financial losses that can put Stripes business at risk.
The Risk group consists of backend and full stack engineers who tackle this problem through creative new product ideas and scalable infrastructure. We are undertaking several new efforts, where you can have an outsized impact on the architecture, implementation, and design choices behind these systems.
What youll do

Design elegant risk-oriented abstractions that other Stripe engineers will be using to easily integrate with our risk management systems
Collaborate with other engineers across Stripes product, machine learning, risk, and data science teams to ensure the abstractions you design will work for their needs
Build and run systems that expose these abstractions in easily accessible ways to engineering teams across Risk and the rest of Stripe
Contribute to the overall safety of Stripe by helping other teams think more holistically about how their systems introduce new and handle existing risk
Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

5 years of industry experience shipping high-quality products
Enjoy and have experience building scalable backend infrastructure
Strong analytical capability and ability to quickly ramp up in a new area, and tackle ambiguous problems
Hold yourself and others to a high bar when working with production systems
Take pride in taking ownership and driving projects to business impact
Thrive in a collaborative environment 
