Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Youll join one of the teams behind data processing platforms used by the rest of engineering, such as our event bus, stream processing systems, batch processing systems, real-time analytics or asynchronous processing platforms such as task queues and workflow engines. Youll make decisions with a significant impact on Stripe. There is a lot of work to do to make Stripe engineers work easier and our platforms even more reliable than they are today, and wed love for you to be a part of it. Were close to the people using our systems and we constantly get feedback that we use to make them better.
What youll do
We have a few dozen infrastructure engineers today spread across several different teams, and youll work with other infrastructure engineers as well as the product engineers who use the systems we build.
Were looking for people with a strong background (or interest!) in Data. Wed love to hear from you whether youre a seasoned software engineer, or whether youve just learned you might like working with real-time systems. Many of our infrastructure engineers work remotely, and wed be happy to talk to you about the possibility of working remote.
Responsibilities

Design, build, and maintain data infrastructure systems such as Kafka, Flink, Pinot and Airflow used by all of Stripes engineering teams
Design alerting and testing systems to ensure the accuracy and timeliness of these pipelines. (e.g., improve instrumentation, optimize logging, etc)
Debug production issues across services and levels of the stack
Plan for the growth of Stripes infrastructure
Build a great customer experience for developers using your infrastructure
Work with teams to build and continue to evolve data models and data flows to enable data driven decision-making
Identify the shared data needs across Stripe, understand their specific requirements, and build efficient and scalable data pipelines to meet the various needs to enable data-driven decisions across Stripe

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

A strong engineering background and interest in Data
Experience developing, maintaining and debugging distributed systems built with open source tools
Experience building infrastructure as a product centered around users needs
Experience optimizing the end to end performance of distributed systems
Experience with scaling distributed systems in a rapidly moving environment
Experience managing and designing data pipelines
Can follow the flow of data through various pipelines to debug data issues

Preferred qualifications

Experience working on stream processing systems such as Kafka, Kinesis, Flink or Beam
Experience working with batch processing systems like Airflow, Spark.
Experience working on real-time analytic systems as Presto, Druid or Pinot
Experience with orchestration platforms such as Cadence
Experience with Java, Scala and Ruby
Experience with Lambda Architecture systems
