Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Finance Operations (FinOps) team provides and enhances core business services that are the backbone for Stripe. FinOps uses data and operational excellence to deliver technology solutions, procurement, billing and payroll services, strategic sourcing, and supplier relationship management to Stripe.
What youll do
Were looking for an International payroll partner to join our team. This individual will help us improve user experience through accurate and timely multi Country (25) payroll processing, workflows and deliver improvements in our integrated financial systems with business partners, financial colleagues, and engineers.
The ideal candidate will have prior payroll experience across multiple geographies (focus in EMEA), payroll systems knowledge, outstanding partnering and attention to details.
This role will support the move of some Global payroll operations to our SDC (Stripe Delivery Centre in India), and supporting strategic payroll operations, as well as acting as a key contributor of process improvement initiatives, driving substantial impact to our organization. If this sounds like you - wed love to hear from you!
Responsibilities

Manage current International in-country payroll vendors in EMEA mainly but with exposure to APAC  LATAM and possibly US, ensuring payrolls are accurate, on-time, and in compliance with tax and regulatory requirements.
Be the subject matter expert for payroll operations and point of contact for escalations.
Review preliminary payroll calculations from in-country payroll vendors and advise of  changes, provision of final approval for each payroll.l
Partner with the Global Payroll team on global payroll initiatives, as well as with internal stakeholders (HR, Internal Systems, Global Mobility, Accounting, Tax, Benefits) across various locations.
Lead the implementation of efficient and cost-effective payroll solutions to meet current and future business needs.
Support the move of  Global payroll operations to the next level, helping to build our SDC (Stripe Delivery Centre in India).
Support payroll operations in new countries as Stripe expands.
Coordinate off-cycle payrolls for taxable equity transactions and terminations.
Respond to employee payroll inquiries, providing outstanding customer service.
Support internal and external audits.
Work effectively as a change agent and drive continuous process improvement.
Monitor and feedback on the performance of the payroll providers.
Reporting internally through KPIs, and externally through ad hoc reports requested by customers.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

7 years of proven experience in payroll administration in an international environment and experience with dealing with outsourced payroll providers
Proven track record in continuous improvements using data and tools to identify opportunities, proposing alternative solutions, and successfully implementing them.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including ability to interact effectively with all levels throughout the organization.
Strong knowledge of payroll and HRIS systems, especially Workday.
Ability to simplify complex or ambiguous issues and guide others to resolution.
Successfully supported the implementation of a multi-country global payroll solution.
An incredible eye for detail -- you frequently spot and prevent errors others missed.
Advanced knowledge in working with large data sets.
Demonstrated sound judgment and ability to handle highly sensitive data.
Strong analytical, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving capabilities.
Passion for providing outstanding customer service.
Experience supporting financial audits.
Proven ability to work independently in a dynamic and fast growing environment.

Preferred qualifications

Accounting knowledge -- understanding of journal entries, monthly close, reconciliations, and general accounting principles.
Experience creating and maintaining internal controls.
Experience supporting a globally mobile workforce (familiarity with secondments, shadow payrolls, hypo tax, and tax equalization)
Experience with data analytics tools, especially Alteryx. 
Experience with Project management software, especially Asana.
Experience with the Payslip Software
