About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
As Stripes user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we have distinctly unique support problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with. The Stripe Delivery Center (SDC) strategy will provide operational leverage and expand Stripes portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs for external users and internal Stripe teams. We strive to deliver frictionless experiences for all of our users, whether they are an Independent Business, Startup, SMB, or Enterprise and our mission is to provide all Stripe Users with the best support experience possible. 
What youll do
As a Financial Data Analyst you will support some of Stripes most critical payment flows and a platform that processes hundreds of billions of dollars in payments a year. Our team builds and scales the infrastructure and financial partner integrations that enables Stripe to accept, manage, and payout money across many countries, currencies, and payment methods. 
Technical Operations roles in Payments are a dynamic and key component of Stripes success. Focused on financial partner integrations and funds flow expansion, we sit at the intersection of productplatform engineers and financial partners, connecting them to ensure that everyone thrives and nothing is lost in translation.
Our team partners closely with various finance and infrastructure engineering teams to ensure timely delivery of accurate data between financial partners, internal stakeholders, and Stripe leaders. We report and trace all of Stripes money movement transactions, including payments in more than 30 currencies and dozens of countries. 
Responsibilities

Process reconciliation requests to ensure money is accurately ledgered
Process support requests from banking partners regarding problematic account transfers, refunds, payments, or fees
Interface with strategic banking partners, providing fast, accurate responses to complex support inquiries
Investigate causes of un-reconciled cash payments across payment methods
Partner with internal and external teams to validate the accuracy of Stripes financial data
Introduce data and process efficiencies to meet the scale and speed of Stripe.
Interface with Stripes financial partners across the world to drive alignment between their products and how Stripe uses them, and hold Stripes partners accountable to resolve day-to-day operational breakages.
Identify and automate inefficient operational processes to reduce manual workloads

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Have at least 4 years experience in a technical role, with at least 2 years of experience writing SQL to query relational databases.
Have strong analytical skills to investigate, prioritize, and identify the root cause of issues.
Have experience managing communications and workflows with technical and non-technical teams across internal and external stakeholders (including external financial partners and vendors).
Are comfortable operating independently and thrive in a fast-paced environment to deliver results, with an ability to establish priorities and reliably execute against time-sensitive deadlines.
Have experience identifying and triaging technical issues 

Preferred qualifications

Experience in accounting, FPA, or financial reporting
Experience implementing or using programmatic approaches to reconciliation
Familiarity with back-office processes for clearing, settlement, and cash conversion 
