Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
What youll do
Help Stripe grow its enterprise business. As an Account Executive, Enterprise, you will drive Stripes future growth engine by building relationships with prospective users and turning them into happy Stripe users.
Responsibilities

Own a named account list and develop account plans for winning and expanding business with enterprise companies
Develop outbound strategies to create and nurture opportunities
Own the full sales cycle from prospecting to close, to go live for enterprise companies
Develop relationships with executive stakeholders at new and existing users
Work with company leaders from multiple functions (e.g., Engineering, Product, and Finance) to lead complex product workshops and develop financial analyses
Lead and contribute to team projects to develop and refine our sales process
Engage with cross functional teams (Partners, Post Sales, Product and Engineering) to help drive and iterate Stripes strategy

Who you are
You are an adept salesperson, capable of engaging in business-level and technical conversations at multiple levels of the organization, including the CTO, COO, and CFO. You have experience working with upper middle market and enterprise companies. You have an in-depth understanding of the buyer journey and can lead a complex, multi-party sale in a highly consultative manner. You are used to building value in competitive situations and enjoy working on products that require deep product understanding, combined with technical knowledge. You are naturally analytical and enjoy digging into business models and helping businesses quantify their investment decisions. You get excited about prospecting, and are capable of independently leading a sales cycle from start to finish. Finally, you enjoy building  you like to actively participate in the development of our sales process, the articulation of our value proposition, and the creation of key tools and assets.
If youre motivated, smart, persistent, and a great teammate, we want to hear from you!
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply.
Minimum requirements

7 years of sales experience, preferably at a technology company, with a track record of top performance
Ability to understand complex business problems companies face today,  and craft solutions across multiple products
Ability to develop and execute account plans spanning multiple business units across complex organizations
Strong presentation skills, particularly for in-person meetings with multiple stakeholders
Proven ability to lead complex negotiations involving bespoke commercial agreements
Superior verbal and written communication skills
Ability to operate in a highly ambiguous and fast-paced environment
Strong interest in technology
