Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Communications team builds and protects Stripes brand and influence across the world. Were looking for an experienced communications professional to deepen the understanding around the positive economic impact Stripe is having in the Americas.
What youll do
The Americas Communications role will focus on elevating our users and Stripe data to demonstrate how Stripe enables broad and often surprising economic growth. Stripe holds a unique view of the world, with real-time insight into changing trends, industries, and cross-border commerce. This role will help tease out novel economic insights from Stripe data to tell stories about how pockets of the economy are changing or evolving. This role will also be responsible for localized campaigns that bring to life the impact Stripe is having in regions across the Americas. This communicator should be passionate about uncovering and empowering upstarts, as they develop  stories about how Stripe is advancing economic opportunities for entrepreneurs and increasing the GDP of the internet with products like Atlas. 
Responsibilities

Design and roll out strategic communications campaigns that illustrate unique and fascinating economic insights based on trends uncovered within Stripe data.
Work collaboratively with counterparts in sales and policy to advance their business objectives by developing regional or localized narratives within the Americas. 
Develop and maintain relationships with reporters and influencers within the Americas. 
Provide strategic counsel to our executive team, including leaders with data science, sales and policy teams.
Partner with the broader communications team on larger global initiatives to tailor them for the Americas market.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Stellar written and verbal communication skills; in particular, an ability to understand, synthesize, and articulate complex and technically sophisticated topics 
8 years of relevant working experience in communications
A strong track record building creative communications campaigns from scratch
Experience collaborating effectively with policy teams, sales leads, data science colleagues, and other senior executives 
Experience developing relationships with key business and technology reporters

Preferred qualifications

Experience synthesizing data sets to pull out unique and fascinating findingsSQL knowledge is a plus 
Working in a technology andor B2B environment 
