Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripe was built with simplicity in mind. We strive to deliver frictionless experiences for all of our users, whether they are an Independent Business, Startup, SMB, or Enterprise and our mission is to provide all Stripe Users with the best support experience possible. Today, Stripe handles over a million support cases per year and processes millions of internal transactions.  Were going to achieve excellence by thinking of support in a novel, solution-oriented way, and viewing operations as an integral enabler of all of Stripes growth.
Stripe has unique operational problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with as a result of growing the GDP of the Internet.  Stripes leverage understanding of our products, the financial industry and money movement, and our processes to support both internal and external users. Doing so requires us to invest significant resources into building this experience ourselves.
What youll do
Stripe is launching Stripe Delivery Centers - a brand new global team to design, implement and grow Stripes operations for the next decade. We are looking for dynamic and curious people that have a passion for solving global user issues, building operations, drive process improvement and want to play a front-line role in building this new operational capability for Stripe and accelerating Stripes growth. If you like challenging, scaled problems and are an amazing teammate, we want to hear from you! 
Responsibilities

Troubleshoot and solve external user issues 
Analyze our processes and instigate changes to help scale our operations and improve user experience 
Work closely with other Stripe teams to improve our product offerings and messaging around new products and features 
Gain unique insights into how thousands of businesses on Stripe scale and operate 
Have an opportunity to learn how Stripe operates from ground up and make a real impact on the future on organization 
Be a part of building a brand new team and operational culture for Stripe 
Partner with global operations specialists or business process owners to run a critical workflow

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

You have a user first mindset and are energized by the challenge of solving difficult problems
You have excellent communication skills, both written and verbally
You excel in analytical thinking and problem solving
You might have prior experience in customer service or internalexternal user facing operations
You enjoy learning about technical products and processes, you are an organized, self-starter with passion for finding solutions to our users challenges
You have a process-oriented mindset and ability to get things done
You enjoy working in an in-office environment with strong cross team collaboration and support
You are able to prioritize and enjoy working in a quick-moving environment
You are humble and have a proven track record for working well across teams and with external partners
Youre willing to work the night shift; the SDC operates during night time hours in 9 hour shifts (including 1 hour paid break) scheduled to fall between the hours of 8pm and 8am. Youre also willing to periodically work a shift on a weekend for which you will receive a day off in lieu on a weekday. 

Preferred qualifications

Prior experience or knowledge in user support 
Prior experience in risk operations 
Prior experience working on projects or process improvement initiatives 
