Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
As Stripes user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we have distinctly unique support problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with. The Stripe Delivery Center (SDC) strategy will provide operational leverage and expand Stripes portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs for external users and internal Stripe teams.
What youll do
Stripe is launching Stripe Delivery Centers - a new global team to design, implement and grow Stripes operations for the next decade. We are looking for dynamic and curious people that have a passion for solving global user issues, building operations, driving process improvements and that want to play a front-line role in building this new operational capability for Stripe and accelerating Stripes growth.
In this role, you will recruit, manage, and develop a group of Operations Associates that focus on Anti-Money Laundering (AML), Sanctions, Know Your Customer (KYC), and Due Diligence (DD) investigations. This team ensures that our platform remains safe, that prohibited parties are not allowed to utilize our services, and that we identify bad actors engaging in financial crimes and mitigate risks. The Financial Crime Compliance Manager will cultivate the engagement of their team members while guiding them to be the best they can be, through feedback, coaching, mentoring, and advocacy within the organization. This means helping to set team goals, and using metrics to efficiently measure and guide team performance in pursuit of those goals. To be a fit, you will have a strong operations mindset, possess a deep expertise in financial crimes investigations and research techniques, be able to move quickly, and be passionate about delivering an incredible user experience.
Responsibilities

Recruit, manage, coach, and develop a new team of in-office Financial Crimes Operations Associates
Guide your team in completing financial crimes investigations, inclusive of reviewing individual Stripe accounts and large amounts of transactional data
Support your team with investigating accounts to identify money laundering, terrorism financing, andor sanctions risks
Drive strong operational delivery and process improvement helping to mitigate financial crimes risk while balancing operational efficiency and user impact
Build a great culture and ensure team members are happy, effective, and growing in their career
Set clear goals and direction, and provide regular feedback on team members performance
Be data-driven in your analysis of performance, and in your decision making
Transmit and foster our values, serving as a beacon of Stripes user-centric philosophy and culture of transparency, empathy, inclusion, and empowerment

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements 

At least 5 years of direct people management experience
Experience with payments, risk, compliance, andor financial services industry operations
Expertise in AML, Sanctions, KYC or Due Diligence regulations and best practices
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in both English and Spanish
An ability to partner effectively with internal globally distributed stakeholders
Strong operational background including new process launches and service delivery
Passion for process improvement and innovation

Preferred qualifications

Knowledge of financial crime regulatory frameworks, inclusive of BSA Patriot Act, OFAC, and EU Anti-Money Laundering Directives
Familiarity with the financial crime technology stack (including watchlist management systems, case management tooling, transaction monitoring and screening)  
Experience in building and scaling new teams from zero 
Experience operating in a high growth technology company

 