Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Large User Onboarding builds the UIs and backend systems to onboard Stripes largest users. That includes gathering compliance and risk information, configuring accounts, and generally making sure that account setup is a fast and delightful experience. The optimal onboarding experience for our largest users is very different from the optimal experience for startups and SMBs, and its this teams job to define and build the experience that sets the bar for onboarding the worlds biggest companies.
What youll do
Much of what Large User Onboarding does is zero-to-one work, not the work of growing and maintaining an already-mature system. So youll be an early, pivotal member of the team building the new flows that define large users first experience with Stripes products. The shape of those flows is not predetermined. Youll play an active role in shaping them by continuously talking to users and to Sales team members, and then using that detailed knowledge to polish every corner of the user experience.
Responsibilities

Build end-to-end onboarding experiences tailored to Stripes largest customers like Amazon and Ford.
Work closely with designers, UX researchers, product managers, members of Stripes Sales and Ops teams.
Talk to Stripes largest users, deeply understand their experience, and use your expertise to make your projects surprisingly great.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

2 years of experience building delightful user-facing products
Experience leading your work all the way from scoping through launch. 
Comfort moving forward under uncertainty and iterating as you go. You will exercise a lot of ownership and will routinely make important, user-facing decisions about your product.
Strong written and verbal communication skills, especially in explaining an open question and laying out the path forward.
You work unusually quickly.

Preferred qualifications

This role is 70 backend, 30 frontend. Enthusiasm about UI work is required, but experience in it is not as long as youre willing to learn.
Youve started your own company (including side businesses) or worked in the very early stages of a high-growth startup.
