Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The PayInsights team is looking for a Backend Engineer to build and operate infrastructure to enable reliable and enhanced payment performance. Our work helps users boost conversion rates, prevent auth rate regressions, and ultimately maximize revenue through scaled and optimized payments acceptance strategies. 
We are responsible for: 

Data foundations and observability platform to detect user-level and issuer-level changes in payments performance metrics
Merchant-facing products to help users understand how theyre doing and find revenue and conversion opportunities for their business
Issuer-facing products like the Enhanced Issuer Network and its various risk data sharing programs that provide issuers with more details to help improve authorization rates and reduce fraud.  

Engineers on this team can work on anything from building realtime datasets and anomaly detection to experimenting with new prospective conversion optimizations and helping merchants become aware of and benefit from these optimizations.
What youll do
Responsibilities

Design, build, and maintain data-oriented products and platforms to help merchants, issuers, and account teams understand performance, find ways to boost conversion, and ultimately maximize revenue.
Collaborate with stakeholders across the company including other engineering and products teams who own products that impact performance, account teams who 
Run experiments to find new ways of improving auth performance, and debug production issues that are hurting merchant revenue.  
Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes.
Teach and mentor others in the team to become the next generation of leaders at Stripe.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

You have experience (or interest!) in working with data pipelines and products (batch andor streaming).
You have experience (or interest!) in running AB experiments and analyzing results to understand impact.
You are creative, deeply analytical, and enjoy solving complex business problems using technology. 
You can work independently and with others to work through ambiguity and bring clarity to complex business and technical problems.
You thrive in a collaborative environment involving different teams, stakeholders, and subject matter experts.

Preferred qualifications

Experience developing in Java and Ruby.
Experience with big-data technologies like Scala, Flink or Pinot.
You are comfortable working on a new product under fluid conditions, balancing tactical and strategic considerations.
You have a strong technical background, including 3 years of experience designing and engineering large-scale systems.
