Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Self-serve marketing is a team of performance-driven marketers on a mission to acquire, convert and grow millions of merchants globally across Stripes full suite of financial products. Responsible for driving revenue through scalable self-serve motions, we are part of the Growth organization: a cross-functional team of engineers, scientists, marketers, designers and product managers that deliver the insights, algorithms, systems, and user-facing experiences that fuel Stripes growth. In short, we make it easy for Startups and SMBs to act on their interest with Stripe. 
What youll do
We are seeking an experienced and passionate growth marketer who will help to build and execute on the self-serve marketing strategy. Our vision is to make it easier for users to get started and help them grow by providing them with the greatest value at each stage of their relationship with Stripe. You will be a part of the team responsible for delivering on this vision and driving revenue through conversion and retention programming. You will lead key strategic marketing initiatives and execute personalized cross-channel nurture campaigns and triggered programs to help our users adopt and get started with new products. You have a relentless focus on the customer and like to actively contribute to a culture of rapid experimentation, measurement, learning and iteration.
Responsibilities

Be accountable for driving conversion and retention of our self-serve user base
Develop scalable campaigns and nurture programs to drive global growth
Design and execute marketing experiments to test hypotheses, learn from results, and iterate on the approach
Set out measures of success, key metrics and objectives for experiments and nurture campaigns, and oversee reporting and performance of initiatives to enable optimization
Partner with the Product Marketing and User Experience Research teams to understand funnel performance, identify customer pain points, generate ongoing insights, and ideate solutions to optimize the user journey
Partner with the Growth Data Science and Engineering teams to leverage data and ML-driven techniques to create sequenced and personalized scalable programs and user experiences
Partner with the Growth Analytics team to develop data-driven analysis, set and measure against targets, and develop reporting capabilities to monitor and analyze success
Maintain a high bar for marketing creative and copy, and partner with the Design team to deliver world-class campaigns with high quality design
Be a strategic thinker, problem solver, and communicator who is focused on building meaningful and impactful user experiences

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

7 years of work experience
5 years of experience in a marketing role designing and launching campaigns
3 years of experience in self-serve funnel motions
3 years of experience analyzing and taking action on the performance of marketing campaigns
3 years of experience writing marketing briefs
3 years of experience leveraging data and ML-driven techniques

Preferred qualifications

10 years of work experience
3 years of experience in technology industry marketing
3 years of experience in Fintech or B2B Software industries
3 years experience working as a marketing expert in a cross-functional growth team
3 years of experience creating and launching campaigns globally, and localizing to adapt to market needs
