Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Frontier is an advance market commitment to buy 925M of permanent carbon removal by 2030. Frontier aims to send a strong demand signal to researchers, entrepreneurs, and investors that there is a growing market for their technologies. Frontier was founded by Stripe, Alphabet, Shopify, Meta and McKinsey, and operates as a subsidiary of Stripe.
To avoid the worst effects of climate change, most climate models agree the world will need around 6 billion tons of carbon removal a year by 2050. If successful, well increase the likelihood that the world has the portfolio of carbon removal solutions needed to reach these climate goals. Read more about our approach here.
What youll do
As a Diligence Lead for Frontier, youll be responsible for helping us figure how to deploy the initial 925M to be maximally catalytic for the field. Your job is to find and make recommendations on which carbon removal companies to buy from, including seeking out and soliciting input from cross-disciplinary (and often niche) expertise, ranging from science and engineering, to operations and finance. This role requires someone with an understanding of a broad set of disciplines, fearlessness and humility to dive into new topics, and exceptional judgment to drive towards the right recommendations.
Responsibilities

Source and evaluate high-potential carbon removal suppliers across a wide range of stages, approaches, and geographies
Negotiate large carbon removal offtake deals, ranging from 5-50 M in total value
Manage end-to-end diligence process on 1-4 suppliers at any given time, including consideration of: potential to fulfill Frontiers CDR purchase criteria, ability to execute, and fit within Frontiers portfolio.
Work with a network of technical experts to vet technology performance and potential 
Write compelling purchase recommendations for Frontier buyers that synthesize application materials
Support Frontier portfolio companies post-agreement in quarterly check-ins, investor calls, letters of support, etc. 
Help shape Frontiers overall purchase strategy and by-pathway theses 

Who you are
Minimum requirements

BA or BS degree
You have 7-10 years of relevant experience in commercialization, project development, or late-stage deep tech investing
Youre an exceptionally fast learner. You enjoy (and have experience) quickly ramping on new technical topics
You have excellent oral and written communication skills - and in particular, you are adept at translating technical jargon into laymans terms and summarizing complex concepts in a succinct manner.
You have excellent quantitative skills, including experience with techno-economic analysis and intuition for pressure testing the cost drivers for a business.  
Youre uniquely good at getting to the crux of an issue, and can quickly sort the signal from the noise
You are low ego, and have a proven track record for working well across teams and with external partners

Preferred qualifications

PhD in a climate-relevant scientific or engineering discipline
First-hand experience buildingscaling real-world technology and businesses
Experience allocating large budgets towards frontier technologies (such as VC or government grant programs like ARPA-E)
Have a deep understanding of the landscape of carbon removal technologies and the techno-economics of large scale carbon capture and storage systems

 