Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Before Stripe, every growing internet platform had a payments team. Today, every growing internet platform has an Identity team to verify KYC. Identity verification is a core piece of economic infrastructure for online businesses that enables businesses to digitally verify the users Identity (through ID document, Passport, DL) for fraud, regulatory and trust  safety purposes. Great identity solutions can help platforms automate the process of satisfying KYCregulatory obligations while keeping their users safe. 
Were looking for people with a strong background or interest in building successful products while keeping user first perspective, who have the ability to deal with ambiguity, exquisite attention to detail and who are comfortable learning new technologies and systems. 
Join us to build the Stripe Identity product that empowers platforms to take the burden and cost out of identity verifications, while scaling globally with ease.
What youll do
Responsibilities
As a full stack engineer on the team, you will:

Work with a wide range of technologies and infrastructure, both built in-house and provided by external vendors

Ensure our UI components and libraries are reliable, secure, extensible, and accessible
Design, build, and maintain APIs, services, and systems across Stripes engineering teams

Work with cross-functional stakeholders to refine or design new business processes, and then develop software and automations to support these processes
Become an expert in Stripes product, occasionally working with our users and sales teams in the field to understand features or customization requirements
Collaborate with field teams to deploy the tools we build and ensure that they meet our customers business needs
Operate and maintain systems that we own

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

6 years of relevant experience in software development (including experience working on full stack code bases)
Has experience in a range of software languages and frameworks. (Examples of what we work with include: Languages: primarily Ruby and Typescript, but also Java, Go, Python, Scala, and SQL (Spark and Trino dialects); Frameworks: React, Airflow, Bazel, Temporal, Kafka, Protobuf, GraphQL; Others: Mongo, Splunk, Prometheus)
Has experience in designing and building scalable systems

Preferred qualifications

Eager to learn continuously about new technologies and business processes
Strong collaboration and communication skills with both technical and non-technical counterparts
Able to reason clearly and move with urgency in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment
Able to think outside the box and be creative in designing and delivering the best solutions for our users
Enjoy a range of product development activities, from architecture design and planning, to user interviews, to writing code
Have familiarity with Stripes products as a user, preferably having integrated our APIs with another system or product
