About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Stripe Delivery Center (SDC) strategy will provide operational leverage and expand Stripes portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs for external users and internal Stripe teams. Stripes People  Places Operations team will sit within the SDC and is a highly collaborative, cross-functional team that drives key support for the People and Places function. We work with many different teams at Stripe.  We are nimble and flexible individuals that can wear many different hats. We dont mind working through ambiguity and love adding organization to chaos. We believe that success is not defined by any one individual, but rather by the collective work of the entire team.
What youll do
In People Operations, youll be part of the team that is at the heart of the HR experience at Stripe. As a People Operations Associate, youll help the Benefits team maintain best-in-class benefits support to employees. Your work will be instrumental to Stripe achieving its mission by supporting every Stripe to take care of themselves and their loved ones, to build their best self, and to do their best work.
Responsibilities

Administer employee benefit programs such as health and risk insurance, retirement plans, leave of absence, and disability programs 
Assist with benefits and leave of absence program design and implementation of new and existing programs
Assist with global benefits programs
Help to maintain program renewals, vendor changes and new program expansion
Improve employee-facing benefits communications 
Provide a positive user experience as you answer questions and address issues for employees
Work closely with partner teams from HR, Payroll, Legal, Mobility, Systems and People Operations to manage programs
Work closely with Stripes global benefits broker and local brokers in each country 
Oversee ongoing maintenance and enhancements of Workday Benefits and Time off modules
Participate in benefits surveys and benchmarking exercises in order to provide recommendations to maintain competitive benefits programs 
Make data based recommendations on plan provisions and design to ensure we offer cost effective and competitive benefits programs
Assist with benefits integrations for mergers and acquisitions
Help maintain the fidelity of our People data through auditing and entering data used during the employee lifecycle and helping our HRIS in maintaining job profiles, job families, and comp codes
Support and partner across the People team to process changes in Workday when Stripes are hired, change managers, cost centers, teams or locations, ensuring a high degree of accuracy
Assist all Stripes by responding to employment verifications and other people-related data requests
Create and maintain employee files, track annual trainings, review candidate documentation and manage background checks
Proactively seek and take initiative for process improvements and automation to assist in scaling the People Ops team

Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

2-4 years of experience administering benefits programs including health and risk insurance, retirement plans and leaves of absence across multiple regions. 
Experience with Workday Benefits and Absence modules
Intermediate to advanced Mac OS and Google suite skills (Gmail, Docs, Sheets, Slides)
Creativity and focus on process: youre constantly looking for ways to make things work more efficiently
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with an appropriate blend of professionalism and friendliness
Strong Project Management skills 
Incredible organizational skills; superb attention to detail
Strong analytical skills, a proven ability to execute processes, and a flexible approach to problem-solving, even in the face of ambiguity
Discretion and judgment handling confidential and sensitive data
Ability to be a team player and excel at cross-functional collaboration; adept at working with multiple people at any given time
Ability to build and document programs and processes with an analytical eye
Ability to shift priorities based on the current business needs and to make progress in a timely manner on multiple, concurrent projects

Preferred qualifications

PHR or SPHR certification
Experience with Salesforce (as a caseknowledge management system)
Experience with some of our core tools: Greenhouse, Google Suite
Ability to shift priorities based on the current ticket volume and to make progress in a timely manner on multiple, concurrent tickets.
