Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripe Admin is an internal platform which is relied upon by Stripe employees globally for every part of their job: from talking with our users on the phone to launching a new feature and everything in between. Admin is an integral part of how we move quickly in service of our users. 
Admin Platform is responsible for the entire stack that powers Stripe Admin. Our platform supports hundreds of Stripe engineers globally, who deploy dozens of times daily into a several-hundred-thousand-line codebase to thousands of internal users; those users spend their entire day in Admin executing mission-critical tasks for Stripe. Our job is to improve productivity for all those stakeholders while upholding a world-class security posture, and this often requires intervention at every layer of the stack
What youll do
Were looking for an experienced leader who is excited to lead this team. You will chart out the long term vision for internal tools at Stripe and lead the team to realize that vision, in close collaboration with stakeholders across the company.
Responsibilities

Work with other Stripe leaders to design and lead internal tool best practices
Empower the engineering team to achieve a high level of technical productivity, reliability, and simplicity
Recruit great engineers in collaboration with Stripes recruiting team
Help engineers advance in their careers and develop new skills
Contribute to engineering-wide initiatives as a member of Stripes engineering management team

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

3 years of engineering management experience
6 years of full-stack software development experience 
Prefer simple solutions and designs over complex ones, and have a good intuition for what will last and scale
Experience managing remote and distributed teams

Preferred qualifications

Experience managing a web platform team
Strong written and verbal communication skills for different audiences (leadership, users, company-wide)
The ability to thrive on a high level of ambiguity, autonomy and responsibility
