Location: New York, NY, USA Only
Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripes Financial Connections group is building technology that expands the scope of problems we tackle beyond card payments. We build alternative payments, enable new product experiences on Stripe, and theres more on the way. We have ambitious goals to enable global businesses to run their entire financial life cycle on Stripe, and we want you to be part of our story. 
Learn more about Financial Connections:

Our product page: Financial Connections
Stripe, Uber,  Financial Connections: Uber partners with Stripe to enhance payments performance and reduce costs
Stripe, Airbnb,  Financial Connections: Airbnb partners with Stripe to power bank payments

What youll do
Responsibilities

Join a cross functional team focused on supporting both merchants and consumers enabling financial data access and bank payments.
Design and build new features for the Connections Android SDKs, leveraging Stripes technology to enable new product experiences
Design, build, and maintain shared components for Stripe in Kotlin
Work with product managers, user researchers, designers, data scientists and other engineers to empathize with external users and build solutions to address their needs
Optimize consumer flows to create a seamless user experience that delights both businesses and consumers

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Have a strong technical background, with 1.5 years of industry experience in Android development using Kotlin
Have a desire and ability to empathize with the many different types of users who depend on Stripes products and APIs
Have a passion for building delightful user experiences
Prefer simple solutions and designs over complex ones, and have a good intuition for what is lasting and scalable
You measure your success in terms of business impact, not lines of code

Preferred qualifications

2 years of experience in Android development using Kotlin
Some experience with Jetpack Compose and dependency injection with Dagger.
Enjoy working with a diverse group of people with different areas of expertise. Engineering works closely with a variety of teams: Sales and Support to better understand our customers needs, Legal and Accounting to understand how global policies influence our money-moving infrastructure, etc
