Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Corporate Security team is responsible for ensuring the safety and security of Stripes, operational resilience, business continuity  crisis management, threat assessment and mitigation, and the physical security of our offices around the world. This role reports directly to the Head of Business Resilience. In this role, the Third Party Business Continuity Program Manager will help to maintain and mature our Third Party Business Continuity (TPBC) program, ensuring Stripes critical and important third-party vendors business continuity (BC) and disaster recovery (DR) programs support and align with Stripes BCDR needs and meet all global  regional regulatory requirements.
What youll do 

Develop, implement, and maintain TPBC policies, standards, and procedures to ensure onboarding and ongoing health monitoring capabilities
Oversee and manage a vendor service provider that performs TPBC risk assessments to include but not limited to identifying issuescontrol gaps, analyzing gaps, documenting and reporting findings, and recommending remediation plans to management. May require individual performance of these duties.
Collaborate with stakeholders across Stripe (including global third party risk management, legal, partnerships, and outsourcing) to ensure TPBC risks are understood and effectively managed
Monitor critical and important third-party incidents, identifying the cause, remediation, future risks, and escalating to leadership as needed
Prepare regular reports on the TPBC program status, updating on third-party risks and how they are managed and represent the team in various internal risk and control committees, working groups, committees, and boards
Review, partner, and engage in contract negotiations, particularly concerning Business ContinuityDisaster Recovery clauses
Identify opportunities for improvements and risk mitigations for TPBC; escalate as needed
Maintain and deliver TPBC  training materials annually, and assist with audit preparationinterviews and RFP requests

Who you are
You are an individual with a genuine passion for business continuity and the ability to drive detailed execution, working collaboratively across different teams and time zones. You are comfortable working independently and within a cross-functional team to improve resilience while ensuring regulatory compliance. You thrive in a fast paced ever-changing environment and enjoy having a plan, but are able to pivot flawlessly to take a risk based approach to prioritize emerging issues. 
You dont accept the status quo and whats been done before as a benchmark, rather that you have a proven track record of building and maturing programs and possess a unique ability to problem-solve that is uniquely aligned with whats right for the business and its users.
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
 
Minimum requirements

Successful track record in implementing, scaling, and maturing a third-party business continuity risk assessment program, including the development and maintenance of frameworks, policies, standards, and procedures
Deep understanding of business continuity and disaster recovery and strong analytical skills
Excellent communication and project management skills. You must have the ability to effectively prioritize and manage multiple projects concurrently, often within tight deadlines.
Comprehension of regulatory requirements, and how they impact the program
Effectively managing vendors to drive operational improvements and efficiencies
Developed and presented KPIs to facilitate discussions and decision-making processes
Hold or willing to hold at least one certification in Business Continuity from DRII or BCI

 
Preferred qualifications

Ideally, you have 3 years of experience in TPBC program management or operating global programs for business continuity and disaster recovery, particularly in financial services
Extensive knowledge and implementation experience of TPBC andor outsourcing service provider regulatory requirements in the United Kingdom, Ireland, India, or Singapore
You are creative and can employ out of the box thinking to proactively determine business resiliency and assess emerging industry risk
Experience in partaking in and leading third-party exercises to test the capacity and effectiveness of the resilience, recovery, and response plans
