Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Cards Integrations Americas team builds and owns the code that integrates Stripes platform with the major North American credit and debit networks.
Technical Operations roles in Cards Integrations are a dynamic and key component of Stripes success. Focused on financial partner integrations, we sit at the intersection of productplatform engineers and financial partners, connecting them and scaling their operational obligations.
Our team partners closely with engineering teams to ensure accurate charge presentation during authorization and settlementclearance. We are experts in network technical specifications, and bear primary responsibility for interpreting and planning updates to Stripe-to-card-network communication protocols.
What youll do
Responsibilities

Become a domain expert in an area of Stripes payments stack  
Handle inquiries from internal Stripes and external partners technical teams, often requiring detailed investigation and code or configuration changes
Engage with Stripes financial partners to drive alignment on product usage, troubleshoot and solve technical problems, compliance concerns, or functional breakages
Organize and direct complex technical changes and projects between Stripe and our partners
Identify and automate inefficient or unnecessary manual processes through code changes, partner agreements, or making and coordinating more complex code changes across Stripe
Design future anomaly detection systems and tools to ensure that data flowing through our partner and internal systems is reliable and correct
Collaborate across the company, including engineering, accounting, financial partnerships and product, to trace and account for billions of dollars moving through the Stripe platform

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Technical Operations roles are one part coding and one part managing projects. The ideal candidate will have experience in both, but successful candidates may index more highly in one or the other. We work mostly in Ruby and Java. However, languages can be learned: we care much more about your general coding skill than knowledge of a particular language or framework.
Minimum requirements

Ability to interpret, review, and contribute changes to high quality code. 
Fluency using SQL-like query languages to navigate Stripes data and diagnose the scope and urgency of issues
Comfort with developer tools (e.g. git), and an ability to make well-scoped code changes in Stripes codebase
Great technical problem-solving skills, with an ability to develop a working understanding of a technical system using a variety of methods. These include: reading documentation and partner specifications, interpreting logs, writing and executing queries to understand the behavior of production systems, and asking well-formed questions to domain experts.
Great communication skills, with an ability to frame messages appropriately for technical and non-technical audiences
The will to deliver results, with an ability to establish priorities and reliably execute on solutions (often with hard external deadlines)
An instinct to produce work that increases the impact of others, and helps us scale and grow (e.g. documentation, tools)

Preferred qualifications

Knowledge of and experience with payment technologies and ecosystems
