Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripe was built with simplicity in mind. We strive to deliver frictionless experiences for all of our users, whether they are an Independent Business, Startup, SMB, or Enterprise and our mission is to provide all Stripe Users with the best support experience possible. Today, Stripe handles over a million support cases per year and processes millions of internal transactions.  Were going to achieve excellence by thinking of support in a novel, solution-oriented way, and viewing operations as an integral enabler of all of Stripes growth.
Stripe has unique operational problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with as a result of growing the GDP of the Internet.  Stripes leverage understanding of our products, the financial industry and money movement, and our processes to support both internal and external users. Doing so requires us to invest significant resources into building this experience ourselves.
What youll do
Stripe is launching Stripe Delivery Centers - a brand new global team to design, implement and grow Stripes operations for the next decade. We are looking for dynamic and curious people that have a passion for solving global user issues, building operations, drive process improvement and want to play a front-line role in building this new operational capability for Stripe and accelerating Stripes growth. If you like challenging, scaled problems and are an amazing teammate, we want to hear from you! 
Responsibilities

Investigate accounts to identify fraudulent merchants, card testing, account takeover, and other fraud vectors
Conduct investigations on merchant accounts to support financial partner requirements
Assess risk factors and trends of potentially fraudulent activity
Help maintain fraud detection strategies and business rules that balance fraud loss and customer experience
Contribute to root cause analysis to identify opportunities to predict, prevent, and mitigate risk within process and performance
Participate in monthly, quarterly, and annual business reviews for the Risk Operations team

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

You possess experience in risk analysis, investigations or risk operations
You have excellent English communication skills, both written and verbally
You excel in analytical thinking and problem solving, with experience using data to make assessments  judgement 
You enjoy working in an in-office environment with strong cross team collaboration and support
You are able to prioritize and enjoy working in a quick-moving environment
You are humble and have a proven track record for working well across teams and with external partners

Preferred qualifications

Risk experience in payments, e-commerce, or fintech mitigating digitalcard-not-present risk
Knowledge of risk schemes, risk prevention methods, and risk detection tools
Prior risk experience across multiple industriesverticals
Experience in a high growth technology company
Experience working from a queue
