Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Enterprise Sales team works to help some of the largest and fastest-growing businesses in the world take advantage of Stripe. Youll lead and coach high-performing sales executives, helping them deliver on ambitious targets, as well as roll up your sleeves to work directly with prospective Stripe customers. 
What youll do
Responsibilities

Recruit, train and lead a team of new business sales professionals.
Develop both the long-term vision and strategy for the team and manage day-to-day operations.
Be accountable for increasing revenue and scaling the team.
Coach, mentor and guide the team in developing consultative and solution-based sales skills.
Effectively work cross-functionally across the organization to shape Stripes solutions to meet client needs.
Inspire, motivate and enable individual development to promote career growth of direct reports.

Who you are
We are looking for a self-starting leader who has demonstrated success dealing with ambiguity, operating in a high-growth environment, and solving complicated problems with limited oversight. Ideal candidates will have management and leadership experience scaling a technology sales team, superior communication skills, and a knack for understanding unique customer needs. 
Minimum requirements

10 years of technology sales experience with 5 years of people management experience.
Experience training and coaching a high-performance sales team.
Ability to build relationships with strategic client and industry thought leaders.
Experience operating in early stage, high-growth technology environment.
Demonstrated passion for Stripes mission.
Ability to clearly communicate technical concepts and build great relationships with highly technical customers.
