Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
We are a passionate and user focused team of Technical Account Managers who collaborate closely and take pride in ensuring our largest users achieve their technical goals, maintain their live integration, and proactively mitigate risk through tight alignment with members of their organization. Our teams values are curious, resilient, humble, macro-optimistic and exothermic. We are rigorous thinkers who appreciate that things worth doing are rarely simple, but we have fun doing them! 
What youll do
As the Technical Account Manager (French Speaker) - you will play a key role in developing strong trusted relationships with our largest and most complex enterprise users. Monitor your users account health, oversee and take ownership of the technical account context, provide strategic insights, and serve as an escalation point for complex operational and technical API issues. This is achieved by demonstrating strong technical acumen and ownership, as well as driving proactive technical strategies, managing relationships and challenging decisions.You will act as a leader whose prime goal is to be a true champion of the excellent Customer Experience and technical API resolutions. 
Responsibilities 

Build strong relationships with key users, become an expert on the users implementation and have a deep understanding of their business goals and priorities.Provide proactive recommendations to help your users optimize their Stripe API integration.
Lead cross-functional partnerships with Engineering, Product and Sales to be the voice of the users needs but also within your user organizations, to provide and implement operational solutions on subjects not limited to fraud, disputes, declines, reporting, and critical issue detection.
Consult users and advise them on how they can find greater value in our services.
Collaborate closely with the Enterprise Support team to share user context, knowledge and best practices to enable delivery of context-aware support to users.
Work closely with Sales, Incident Response Managers, Product and Engineering teams as part of a larger effort to service these users on Stripe.
Provide API development support to clients utilizing the Stripe API suite across all product lines, including best practices guidance.
Operationally savvy, with an ability to identify and eliminate process friction while continuing to build scalable processes.
Assist Support Engineers in troubleshooting technical issues and service outages for assigned accounts. Responsible for escalation to Stripe senior management to ensure timely resolution of service outages.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

5 years of experience managing large users where you lead complex integration conversations in a highly consultative and proactive manner.
French and English proficiency speaking is a requirement for this role.
Hands-on experience working with standard trading API protocols.
Knowledge or experience using SQL, building queries and modifying more complex ones is required.
Energized by technical troubleshooting and comfortable interfacing with technical teams.
Exceptional interpersonal and presentation skills. Ability to engage with stakeholders at all levels, decision makers on product and technology, and project management accordingly.
Quick at prioritizing and responding to fluctuating, high-impact, urgent asks from multiple channels including Slack, video conference, email and in-person.
Ambitious, hardworking collaborator with customers and internal colleagues alike, with creative ideas to inspire customer loyalty and adoption.
