Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The GTM Operations team is responsible for overall productivity and effectiveness of the sales organization, partnering closely with the sales team and leaders across Stripe to drive initiatives. We are looking for a self-starter to join the Global Sales Enablement team who has demonstrated success dealing with ambiguity, operating in a fast-growing environment, and solving problems with limited oversight. The AMER Enablement Lead will drive continuous enablement in the Americas to ensure we are meeting the needs of the organization leveraging  strategic frameworks, closely partnering with cross-functional teams, and making data-driven decisions.
What youll do

Execute regional enablement programs, including weekly series and new hire training. 
Balance global programs with regional priorities. 
Be an advocate for the sales team and provide a feedback loop for cross-functional teams. 
Build and deliver enablement to support sales skills training and change management.
Partner with regional leaders to build offsite agendas and execute enablement sessions.
Build champions among sales managers to support and scale programs, maximizing impact.
Strategize, breaking down complex problems into ambitious goals and clear milestones.
Collaborate cross-functionally to create the best programs possible at scale for your regional stakeholders.
Focus on execution, Impact, and results.
Innovate, leveraging adult learning best practices, to meet the changing needs of the business.

Responsibilities

Build and execute a vision for sales enablement in AMER that increases Stripes sales excellence, identifying learning needs and partnering with leaders to increase efficiency, expertise, and impact.
Scope, source, and build enablement at scale, putting regional processes in place to support crowd-sourced knowledge-sharing. 
Determine KPIs for regional enablement and manage to clear performance goals.
Partner with internal teams including Product Marketing, Sales, and Operations to build sales collateral and enablement content relevant to the sellers in the region. 
Contribute to the global sales enablement strategy.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Minimum of 11 years of experience, with extensive experience specifically in Sales or Sales Enablement in a fast growth company setting
A proven track record in building successful training and development programs at scale
Ability to work cross-functionally with senior leaders and subject matter experts
Extraordinary communication skills and executive presence
Ability to influence  teams, motivating them to engage with available resources and deliver results
A strong operational background with a track record of making data-driven decisions
Experience in a fast-paced dynamic environment, balancing strategic priorities with high-quality, tactical execution
A high threshold for navigating ambiguity and building effective solutions that scale

Preferred qualifications

Sales methodology and sales coaching
Sales experience
An advanced degree or certificate in an educational arena
