Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Payments are the core of Stripes business, and the orgs and teams within Payments are broadly responsible for processing and moving funds at a huge scale - a platform that processes hundreds of billions of dollars annually. 
Stripes goal is to make payments dead simple for our users. Internally, we operate a complex network of systems which interact with all parts of the financial system. We build infrastructure for charging credit cards (or other payment methods, like bank transfers or BNPL), integrations with our banking partners to send transfers to our users across the globe, systems that collect Stripes revenue and estimate cost, and more. Collectively, these systems power all payments products at Stripe.
What youll do
Engineers on the team have the opportunity to expand the reach of Stripes global payments network, and deliver best-in-class reliability and performance. 
Responsibilities

Scope, design and implement unique, large scale, high-performance distributed computing engine to handle billions of money movement requests in face of complex and often changing business logic
Scope, design and implement highly performant hybrid transaction processing solution for large scale financial data
Build a comprehensive set of tools to enable effective and delightful developer experience for payment related products by codifying complex payment logic and engineering needs with declarative artifacts (data model, rules, configurations, etc)
Design, build, and maintain platform APIs, services, dashboards and user Interfaces to  efficiently add, monitor and maintain payment methods and onboard Merchants
Integrate with external Payment providers
Help debug and solve critical production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack
Teach and mentor others to become the next generation of leaders at Stripe
Collaborate with technical and non-technical stakeholders across the company to build new features at large-scale, while improve internal engineering standards, tooling, and processes

Who you are
Stripe is, at its heart, an engineering company. To provide a missing pillar of core internet infrastructure, we hire people with a broad set of technical skills (and from a wide variety of backgrounds) who are ready to take on some of the most challenging problems in the industry. Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

A strong technical background, including 3 years of experience with software engineering
Strong coding skills in Java or related languages for building high performance services
Strong expertise and practical knowledge in database technologies particularly in utilizing large scale databases in the cloud, which includes clustering, sharding and failure recovery of RDBMS, Key-value store, and document databases
Familiarity with the full life cycle of software development, from design and implementation to testing and deployment
Strong analytical capability especially in modeling complex business flows and turning the business requirements into programmatic artifacts such as data models, algorithms, and API designs  
Experience in systems engineering on large scale testing, as well as reliability, security, and observability  

Preferred qualifications

 Prior knowledge in financial technology space, particularly in payment processing
