Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripe was built with simplicity in mind. We strive to deliver frictionless experiences for all of our users, whether they are an Independent Business, Startup, SMB, or Enterprise and our mission is to provide all Stripe Users with the best support experience possible. Today, Stripe handles over a million support cases per year and processes millions of internal transactions. 
As Stripes user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we have distinctly unique support problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with. The Stripe Delivery Center (SDC) strategy will provide operational leverage and expand Stripes portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs for external users and internal Stripe teams. 
What youll do 
Stripe is launching Stripe Delivery Centers - a new global team to design, implement and grow Stripes operations for the next decade. We are looking for dynamic and curious people that have a passion for solving global user issues, building operations, driving process improvements and want to play a front-line role in building this new operational capability for Stripe and accelerating Stripes growth. If you are passionate about helping users, naturally curious, and comfortable operating in ambiguity and finding creative solutions, we want to hear from you! 
Responsibilities

Troubleshoot and solve external user issues
Communicate resolutions to end users in English
Analyze our processes and instigate changes to help scale our operations and improve user experience 
Work closely with other Stripe teams to improve our product offerings and messaging around new products and features 
Gain unique insights into how thousands of businesses on Stripe scale and operate 
Have an opportunity to learn how Stripe operates from ground up and make a real impact on the future organization 
Be a part of building a brand new team and operational culture for Stripe 
Partner with global operations specialists or business process owners to run a critical workflow

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

You have a user first mindset and are energized by the challenge of solving difficult problems
You have excellent communication skills, both written and verbal 
You have business proficiency in written and spoken English 
You excel in analytical thinking and problem solving
You might have prior experience in customer service or internalexternal user facing operations
You enjoy learning about technical products and processes, you are an organized, self-starter with passion for finding solutions to users challenges
You have a process-oriented mindset and ability to get things done
You enjoy working in an in-office environment with strong cross team collaboration and support
You are able to prioritize and enjoy working in a quick-moving environment
You are humble and have a proven track record for working well across teams and with external partners
Youre willing to periodically work a weekend day for which you will receive a weekday off; the SDC operates during daytime hours with shifts from the morning through early evening

Preferred Qualifications

Prior experience or knowledge in user support 
Prior experience working on projects or process improvement initiatives 
Familiarity with SQL and ability to use template or premade SQL queries as part of investigations

 
Applicants are personally responsible for obtaining and maintaining the right to work in Mexico.