Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
We, too, are growing quickly around the world. Keeping Stripes everywhere informed, engaged, and connected demands a lot of thoughtfulness, empathy, and willingness to research and experiment. We are on the hunt for a passionate, strategic and energetic teammate to help drive internal communications for Stripes products and product strategy. Youll help educate and inspire employees about the products were building, and why. Youll spot internal perception gaps and create internal campaigns to meet them. And youll protect and enhance the culture of our product and technical teams. 
Youll do this by working with partners (Product Marketing, Product and Engineering, Sales, Design, Developer Relations) to bring Stripes along for the entire product lifecycle: introducing the product to employees; supporting the launch; and growing adoption with new and existing users. 
What youll do
As a member of Stripes global internal communications team, youll play a key role in company-wide storytelling and come up with innovative ways to engage employees that are in tune with Stripes unique culture. 
Responsibilities

Design and execute creative internal communications programs and content that (a) build awareness and understanding of Stripes products with employees and (b) deepen Stripes understanding of exactly what makes our payments platform so powerful for startups and high-growth companies.
Translate the complexity of Stripes products and the scope of our impact into engaging content for internal events programs, such as the company all-hands and weekly QA sessions, as well as company-wide written materials. 
Work with product and engineering leads across the company, as well as the CTO, to develop and manage a robust communications program geared at our internal community of engineers and other technical Stripes. 
Keep our growing, global team aligned and connected to technical leadership, by crafting communications materials across many mediums (newsletter, internal blog, talking points) that share updates on key engineering projects and our technical strategy.
Create strong narratives and messaging for technical audiences, such as engineers and product managers. 
Develop domain expertise to identify opportunities, flag potential issues, and create progress updates related to our technical strategy and product roadmap.

Who you are
Youre passionate about technology, and the positive impact Stripes products can have on our users. Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Requirements

7 years experience either developing communications for technical audiences, or working with developers, engineers or product managers to help them translate their work into large-scale internal or communications.
A passion for technology and storytelling about the impact technology can have on peoples lives and businesses.
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills and impeccable people skills. 
A penchant for working from first principles, converting challenges into opportunities, and seeing whats on the horizon.
A strong ability to develop relationships and work with employees in all functions and at all levels, from interns to executives .
A strategic mindset, coupled with the ability to sweat the details.

Preferred Qualifications

Strong working knowledge of digital communication channels and processes, including Slack, G Suite, and Zoom. 
