Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
We, too, are growing quickly around the world. Keeping Stripes everywhere informed, engaged, and connected demands a lot of thoughtfulness, empathy, and willingness to research and experiment. Our Internal Comms team is looking for an experienced Employee Storytelling  Content Strategy Lead to help develop global content strategy and build out our internal editorial products (newsletters, blogs, podcasts, etc) to engage and educate Stripes. This role is deeply cross functional and will involve working with marketing, product, design, as well as other members of the communications team. The ideal candidate is intellectually curious and people oriented, and they must be a skilled writer and be passionate about technology. 
What youll do
As a member of Stripes global internal communications team, youll play a key role in company-wide storytelling and come up with innovative ways to engage employees that are in tune with Stripes unique culture. 
Responsibilities

Develop Stripes approach to employee storytelling, including the management of digital platforms and how different editorial projects (Confluence, podcasts, newsletters, etc) should be executed in concert with one another.
Develop new internal editorial products to educate and energize employees. 
Provide strategic oversight of the companys internal editorial strategy. 
Develop subject expertise of our Stripes products and our business to develop compelling content: work with colleagues from across Stripe to develop ideas for stories; write and edit high-quality, compelling content that inspires Stripes across the company. 
Create standards for internal editorial touch points, ensuring a consistent voice, tone, and level of quality.
Develop and refine our content metrics, and monitor and analyze content performance over time.

Who you are
Youre passionate about technology, and the positive impact Stripes products can have on our users. Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

7 years of experience in editorial, content strategy, or journalism.
Proven experience as a writer, with a strong portfolio across various digital channels, especially in and for the technology industry.
Strong organizational and project management skills, with the ability to handle multiple tasks and meet deadlines.
A penchant for working from first principles, converting challenges into opportunities, and seeing whats on the horizon.
A strong ability to develop relationships and work with employees in all functions and at all levels, from interns to executives.
A strategic mindset, coupled with the ability to sweat the details.

Preferred qualifications

Experience leading content at a well-recognized brand with a unique voice and engaged audience.
