Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Verification  Identity Platform (VIP) team is a core platform team which powers user onboarding  verification (KYC  KYB) worldwide  ensures continued compliance throughout the user life-cycle at Stripe. Our team safeguards user identities across our products by creating a secure and user-centric identification and verification system. We leverage an in-house technology ecosystem, which integrates with various data verification services and regulatory bodies, ensuring swift and accurate account verification, thereby bolstering Stripes regulatory compliance.
What youll do
Responsibilities

Define the strategy and roadmap for our ongoing requirements refresh platform
Act as the voice of the user in product and API designs, gathering direct feedback from customers on our future APIs
Collaborate with other product teams to understand requirements and incorporate them into our planning
Work with Engineering to build the next version of our compliance plans engine

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

6 years in Product Management, with experience in building platform products and in serving both internal and external customersstakeholders
Experience managing technical software products from kick-off to ship
Consistent track record of leading ambitious and ambiguous 0-to-1 projects
Strong stakeholder management including navigating difficult situations, negotiating timelines, and influencing internal and external stakeholders across organizations and borders
Strong communications skills - you can summarize and express complex requirements in an accessible and precise manner

Preferred qualifications

Preferably has experience with B2B SaaS
Preferably has experience with compliance and regulation in financial services
Experience working on an infrastructure platform team
