Who We Are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career. 
About The Team
High Performance Operations is a newly formed Infrastructure team whose mission is to provide technology solutions to the many operations workflows within the organization. From risk management, to legal compliance and translationlocalization efforts, there is a great deal of work that needs to get done in order to ensure Stripe can operate and serve our customers in an effective and efficient manner. Having proper tooling is an important part of this. The team will own end-to-end solutions, develop them in response to internal stakeholder needs, and be key partners in the workings of the groups they serve. To further the teams mission, we are looking for a Full Stack Engineer to work with Stripe.  
 
What youll do
Responsibilities

Build, operate, and improve solutions for operations workloads
Own problems from end to end, managing complexity and engaging directly with stakeholders to think through everything from business impact, to reliability and operability.
Contribute to the product roadmap, help set the vision and strategy for the team, act as a sounding board for team leadership.
Uphold Stripes high standards for engineering and product quality and mentor newer team members to do the same.
Work with stakeholders across Stripe to balance and accommodate competing desires.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

3-12 years of professional experience in a software development role
Enjoy being a generalist working on both the frontend, backend, and anything it takes to solve problems and delight users both internally and externally
Write high quality code that is tested thoroughly, supported by clear documentation and has appropriate production observability
You are empathetic with users, both internal and external, and strive to create a better experience for all customers
Enjoyment in working with a diverse group of people with different expertise
Proven ability to stitch together many different services and processes together even if you have not worked with them before
Uphold best practices in engineering, security, and design

Preferred qualifications

Proficient in JavaScriptTypeScript, React, Ruby, Java; language can be learned and we care much more about your general engineering skill than knowledge of a particular language or framework
Experience with integrating RESTful APIs into web applications.

 