About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team:
The Billing organization at Stripe builds and operates Stripe Billing. Stripe Billing is a growing product vertical inside of Stripe. Hundreds of thousands of businesses of all sizes and types use Stripe Billing to drive their revenue engines and operate their business models. Stripe Billing enables customers to collect revenue for recurring and one-time payments across a variety of different pricing models. It provides advanced features like revenue retention and recovery, enabling customers to retain their users and grow their businesses. Our work on Stripe Billing spans multiple technologies and product domains. To support even the most unique and complex business models, our technology and products must be configurable and programmable. This requires our team to innovate in how we model different types of businesses, and how we use technology to enable customers to piece together Stripes Billings platform primitives into holistic solutions that support any type of business. Through this work, Stripe Billing allows worry-free innovation and evolution of any customers business model. Stripe is defining the industrys approach to Billing solutions; were looking for innovators to join us.
About the role:
As an engineer on the team, youll be responsible for shaping and building a suite of products that let our users model and operate their business more efficiently. Were looking for engineers who are excited to build the future of hosted UIs, high-polish user experiences, reusable APIs and building blocks for our Billing, and world-class infrastructure.
Full stack engineers at Stripe push us further towards that goal by bridging the gap between backend and frontend systems to solve technical challenges quickly and effectively. You will work on projects that span technologies, systems, and processes where you will design, build, test, and ship great code every day. In this cross functional role, you will collaborate with experts in infrastructure, security, design, and operations to build mission critical internal and external features that power Stripe users around the world. 
What youll do:

Work with a wide range of systems, processes and technologies to own and solve problems from end-to-end.
Work closely with engineers, designers, and product managers to build new features and products.
Uphold our high engineering standards and bring consistency to the many codebases and processes you will encounter.
Build elegant APIs and user experiences that enable merchants to run and scale their businesses on top of Stripe
Contribute to the design and architecture of the next generation of Stripes infrastructure, to meet the high growth needs of our company and customers for years to come

Who you are:

You have 3 years of experience as a full-stack product engineer.
You have an entrepreneurial mindset.
You enjoy data modeling challenges and have a high bar for keeping your solutions expressive yet simple to use. 
Enjoy being a generalist designing and working on both the frontend andor backend, and anything it takes to solve problems and delight users.
Take pride in working on projects to successful completion involving a wide variety of technologies and systems.
Can stitch together many different services and processes together even if you have not worked with them before.
Can put yourself in the shoes of your users and be a steward of crafting great experiences.
Thrive in a collaborative environment involving different stakeholders.
Youre obsessed with product quality and dont settle for good enough.
You love to think about user flows and user experiences.
