Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Payouts Platform Team has a mission to enable users to understand, configure, and execute any money movement from Stripe to the users external bank account. We are dedicated to building systems and abstractions that offer industry leading reliability, easy to understand payout status, and streamlined reconciliation for our users. Our work is driven by the needs of all Stripe customers, who rely on our platform for fast, predictable access to funds earned through payments while maintaining safeguards against fraud.
We are part of the Money Movement organization - working toward a future in which all of the complexity that comes with handling money (e.g. accepting different currencies, adopting new payment methods, integrating with hundreds of banks globally) is abstracted away from Stripes users. Our team works with engineers across the company, legal, finance, treasury, and sales to build products that make it simpler to move funds quickly. Ultimately, our goal is to increase the GDP of the internet by enabling our users to build global products, services, and platforms that handle money.
What youll do
As a valued member of the Payouts Platform Team, you will help shape the future of money movement. You will play a key role in enhancing and improving our platform, focusing on the needs of every Stripe customer, from new merchants to established businesses. Your work will involve developing features that provide increased flexibility, seamless transaction experiences, and unparalleled user understanding of our services. In this exciting and high-level role, you will collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver innovative solutions that address evolving customer requirements.
Responsibilities

Scope, design and implement highly performant products that operate on large scale financial data.
Apply a detail-oriented mindset to dissect information, analyze data, and detect patterns that lead to cost savings.
Design, build, and maintain platform APIs, services, dashboards, and user interfaces to  efficiently add, monitor and maintain cost-efficient payments.
Help debug and solve critical production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack.
Mentor engineers earlier in their technical careers to help them grow.
Collaborate with technical and non-technical stakeholders across the company to build new features at large-scale, while improving internal engineering standards, tooling, and processes.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

A strong technical background, including 3 years of software engineering or a similar experience.
Familiarity with the full life cycle of software development, from design and implementation to testing and deployment.
Strong coding skills for building high performance services.
Strong analytical capability especially in modeling complex business flows and turning the business requirements into programmatic artifacts such as data models, algorithms, and API designs.
Enjoy working with a diverse group of people with different areas of expertise. Engineering works closely with a variety of teams: Sales and Support to better understand our customers needs, Legal and Accounting to understand how global policies influence our money-moving infrastructure, etc.

Preferred qualifications

 Prior knowledge in financial technology space, particularly in payment processing
