Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
As Stripes user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we are looking for an experienced leader who brings both strategic and operational abilities to lead the vendor management team responsible for our outsourced Risk operations. Our vendors provide user support across a number of contact channels such as email, chat and phone, they generate sales and qualify leads, they perform risk reviews and execute a variety of back office functions. You and your team are responsible for overseeing the vendor strategy for Stripes Risk Outsourced Operations and working closely with cross-functional leaders and operational teams across our Risk Engineering, Risk Policy and Risk operations functions
We are looking for someone who is passionate about risk mitigation, preferably within e-commerce or payments, and who possesses a deep understanding of Vendor and Outsourced Operations Management. As a Risk Ops vendor manager, you will design and deliver incredible user experiences in collaboration with our cross-functional partners. You will set clear goals and directions, and provide regular feedback on vendors  performance against their KPIs. You will support vendor contracts and negotiations and hold the vendor accountable to high standards of performance by defining the KPIs and monitoring those metrics. You will also lead cross-functional programs across Risk vendor operations to help Stripe achieve even greater levels of reliability.
What youll do
Youll be part coach, part diplomat, part entrepreneur - 100 committed to building and sustaining trust with users and your team.
Responsibilities

Have direct responsibility for the results of vendor operations, working closely with external vendor partners and internal operational teams
Develop and deploy vendor-specific infrastructure globally, including security, tools, and processes
Source new vendor partners or expand scope of service offering with current vendor partners
Maintain metrics and analysis of vendor performance, and provide regular reporting on performance through regular business reviews
Assist with all vendor headcount related matters including growth, new lines of business and managing attrition targets with partners
Partner with existing vendor leadership teams to ensure vendors high level execution to contracts.
Lead negotiations and relationship management for vendor contracts
Transmit and foster our values, serving as a beacon of Stripes user-centric philosophy and culture of transparency, empathy, inclusion, and empowerment

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

8 years of experience leading vendor operations  (preferably in high-growth, financial services, or technology companies)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
A strong operational background and a track-record of making data driven decisions
The ability to execute on and deliver complex operational projects involving multiple stakeholders

Preferred qualifications

Deep experience managing operational third-party vendor and internal teams across different time zones
You enjoy doing whatever it takes to execute on complex initiatives, and have a track record for taking projects from conception to launch
You have a knack for working well with a wide range of people across internal teams and external vendors
You are action-oriented, with strong organization skills and attention to detail
You enjoy dealing with ambiguity, and do whatever it takes to execute on complex projects
You excel in analytical thinking and problem solving, and use first-principles thinking and data to structure strategic recommendations
You have a process-oriented mindset and ability to lead people to get things done
You are humble, and have a proven track record for working well across teams and with external partners
