About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the Team
The RFA Connectors organization plays a crucial role as Stripe expands from payments to the RFA suite of products simplifying business processes for our users. The organization works on user-facing integrations that range from workflow automations in third-party ERP systems like Netsuite, no-code integrations w CRM systems like Salesforce for Stripe Billing, enabling users to bring in data from third-party systems to create a holistic view of their financial record as well as ability to export Stripe data for your business needs via the Stripe Data Pipeline. We are looking to invest significantly in becoming a platform enabling multiple products as well as enabling better quality integration building blocks for partners and ecosystem developers.
What youll do
Were looking for a seasoned engineering leader to lead the engineering strategy and execution for RFA Connectors organization. You will also invest in building the foundational platforms that will improve our engineering productivity and  innovation velocity. You will hire, mentor, and develop Engineering Managers and Software Engineers. 
Responsibilities

Recruit great engineers and engineering managers in collaboration with Stripes recruiting team
Support the engineering team in achieving a high level of technical quality, reliability, and developer satisfaction
Mentor and coach managers to create healthy and well-executing teams
Develop the long-term vision and strategy for the team, prioritize accordingly, and create an execution roadmap
Partner with engineering, product leaders across RFA organization on clear strategies and roadmap to power their products and drive adoption via the portfolio of RFA Connectors.
Manage processes to help the team do its best work and engage effectively with the rest of Stripe
Empower the engineering team to achieve a high level of technical productivity, reliability and simplicity
Contribute to engineering-wide initiatives as a member of Stripes engineering management team
Collaborate with cross-functional teams (engineering, product, partnership, legal, risk, etc.) to manage technical dependencies and achieve product deliverables.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Youve hired, mentored and grown engineering managers and staffprincipal  engineers.
You have great product taste and a track record of taking complex problems and solving them elegantly.
You enjoy diving into and deeply understanding the businesses that use Stripe.
You work very well cross-functionally, and are able to think rigorously and make hard decisions and tradeoffs.
You are capable of working in ambiguous fast-moving environments and have a curiosity to learn the domain to a deep level.
You thrive on a high level of autonomy and responsibility.
You encourage a healthy work environment thats both supportive and challenging.
You can dive deep technically and collaborate with engineers on architecture and product decisions.

Preferred qualifications

Experience managing teams of 20 engineers.
Experience in B2B SaaS integrations, data pipelines
Experience augmenting teams w vendors, managing vendor lifecycles and contracts
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or similar relevant background
