Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Our Campaigns team drives global strategies to engage prospects and customers and generate demand for our prioritized solutions. We are sales-aligned and partner closely with Product Marketing, Regional Marketing, Performance Marketing, Sales and others to bring full-funnel campaigns to life and optimize performance and business impact.
We are looking for a passionate team member with experience running campaigns globally at scale. This is a key role in Stripes campaigns team, and will contribute directly to Stripes growth. This is an opportunity for someone who doesnt shy away from team collaboration and project management. The ideal candidate is adept at thinking both strategically and tactically to get things done.
What youll do
In this role you will help to define what customer marketing means at Stripe and shape the customer marketing program for impact and scale. Whether its identifying and developing content for customer stories, nurturing relationships with high-priority customers to execute on strategic co-marketing opportunities, or managing customer references to match them to the right opportunity - were looking for someone who doesnt shy away from team collaboration and thinks both strategically and tactically to get things done. 
Responsibilities

 Lead the global strategy for customer marketing campaigns and represent that strategy, plan, execution and performance with cross-functional partners and key stakeholders.
Drive alignment with marketing and cross-functional partners across Product Marketing, Regional AMER, EMEA and APAC Marketing, Performance Marketing, Partner Marketing, Marketing Operations, Brand, Design, Sales, Comms, and external partners.
Continually collect feedback from key partner teams to understand needs and refine campaign strategies for relevance and impact.
Own campaign performance metrics and key business and revenue metrics across the sales funnel, including prospect acquisition and install base expansion.
Own internal communications and reporting for your campaign(s), keeping key stakeholders informed throughout the planning and execution process, and partnering cross-functionally to build experiments that improve campaign performance
Partner with our Product Marketing team to align messaging, content, and understand relevant solutions and uses cases that roll into each campaign
Partner with the Design team to support the development of new, high-performing creative
Track, measure, and communicate campaign results, continually optimizing for efficiency and scale, and seek to generate new global best practices through experimental efforts
Manage contracts and agreements with partners, ensuring compliance and mutual satisfaction

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

10 years relevant experience running high velocity and scaled marketing campaigns
3 years relevant experience leading scaled marketing teams
Experience building and executing global programs with global teams and a wide range of key stakeholders 
Proven track record of defining and executing campaign strategies that deliver against funnel metrics and KPIs
Deep understanding of brand and product marketing, CRM, marketing automation, performance marketing, and email marketing tactics and technology
Varied background across marketing disciplines such as integrated marketing, campaigns, retention strategy, and performance marketing
Superb organization and project management skills and the capacity to manage multiple complex projects at once; youre a master juggler and dont let it get the best of you
Excellent analytical skills and the ability to craft actionable insights from complex data

Preferred qualifications

 Understanding of self-serve  web-based marketing motions and funnels
Understanding of the payments, SaaS, and financial technology sectors
Experience marketing cloud services andor software solutions
A startup mentality with a bias to action and the ability to flex in a fast-paced environment
Experience at highly dynamic, high-growth tech companies
