Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Treasury Operations is integral to the strategy, execution and support of many of Treasury Finances core functionalities (cash management, investment management, payments processing, risk management, and compliance).  This role will reside within our Liquidity Management team supporting Stripes mission by managings Stripes cash and banking footprint effectively to support both corporate and product initiatives. 
We are looking for someone who will help us build a best in class treasury operations function. In addition to daily operational support of the Treasury Finance functions, you will help drive the transformation towards more efficient and automated processes, helping build tools and systems to create operational efficiency and excellence for each aspect of Treasury Operations, and develop metrics to ensure were continuously improving the function. You will also collaborate closely with the Capital Markets and Capital and Financial Risk Management pillars within Treasury Finance to support operations for trading and investment programs. 
What youll do
Responsibilities

Support our North America cash management processes (including funding, cash positions, forecasting and other aspects of treasury operations)  
Responsible for management of bank accounts including setting policiesgovernance frameworks, supporting openingclosing of accounts, reviewing signatories, and controlling access to accounts. 
Help manage daily operations relating to FX and interest rate trading support, investigation in breaks and aged items, and bank partner relationship management in market
Identify gaps in existing processes or controls to recommendimplement new system solutions for Treasury Finance to automate processes and enhance efficiency in overall operations. 
Develop metrics that help monitor overall health of the function and help set priorities for future developments
Ensure proper controls and governance processes are in place for treasury operations to minimize financial and operational risk. 
Support internal and external audits as needed
Analyze and optimize funds flows across a number of areas including costs, working capital, liquidity risk, and other constraints
Assist with the creation and updating of Treasury Finance policies and procedures, and RCSA controls

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

8 years of Treasury experience, preferably within liquidity management, finance risk management and process improvements
Strong problem-solving skills. You enjoy rolling up your sleeves to dive into details of a complex problem to come up with scalable solutions
Experience building frameworks and leveraging systems to scale treasury operations 
Strong communication skills to build cross functional relationships and build a business case towards new initiatives
Fast learner, with exceptional attention to detail, and ability to multi-task and navigate a fast-paced environment with tight deadlines and flexibility with changing requirements 
The ability to work independently or with a small team
An ability to deal effectively with ambiguity and thrive in an unstructured, evolving environment

Preferred qualifications

Strong knowledge of payments industry
Knowledge of regulations that pertain to the payments and financial services industry
Experience with SQL, R, or equivalent
