Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
As Stripes user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we have distinctly unique support problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with. The Stripe Delivery Center (SDC) strategy will provide operational leverage and expand Stripes portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs for external users and internal Stripe teams. We strive to deliver frictionless experiences for all of our users, whether they are an Independent Business, Startup, SMB, or Enterprise and our mission is to provide all Stripe Users with the best support experience possible. 
What youll do
You will manage a small team of Associates. You will act in a player-coach capacity and are accountable for supporting associates in delivering against target set goals and mentoring in subject matter expertise.
Responsibilities

Ongoing management of the operational performance of your team to deliver KPIs.
Manage capacity and scheduling, dividing and assigning work between team members.
Ensuring your team has all the skills and resources needed to be successful in their role.
Setting clear goals and expectations for individual and team performance. 
Foster a culture of continuous improvement to refine team processes and procedures. 
Support recruitment and hiring initiatives.
Coach and mentor individuals to meet career via structured career development conversations. 
Provide continuous performance feedback and facilitate periodic formal performance reviews.
Drive and own initiatives that make the team a warm and welcoming place to work.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. 
Minimum requirements
You have:

At least 1-2 years experience leading operations teams
Excellent interpersonal and communications skills
Exemplary planning and time management skills
Proven ability to collaborate effectively with multiple, cross-functional stakeholders to achieve results
Previous experience mentoring others and are able to constructively provide feedback to others. 
Ability to motivate the team and keep them engaged in an otherwise structured process
Proven ability to be subject matter experts in the relevant line of business
Previous experience in a team lead or people management role
Prior experience in customer service or internalexternal user-facing operations
Youre willing to periodically work a weekend day for which you will receive a weekday off; the SDC operates during daytime hours with shifts from the morning through early evening
