Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Were looking for an expert to lead our regulatory affairs (examinations and licensing) program, a key component of the regulatory compliance program for the Americas region. Reporting to the Head of Americas Compliance, this role will spearhead our examinationaudit management and licensing programs for North America.
As a regulated business, our second line of defense team plays a critical role in ensuring Stripe effectively manages our regulatory obligations and fosters a culture of compliance. You will play a key role in the development of Stripes regulatory compliance program, including for our US regulated entities.
What youll do
The role provides an excellent opportunity for a talented candidate to deploy their cross-functional compliance program management skills in a fast-paced and rigorous environment, enhance their compliance skills, and to carve out opportunities to grow and develop. The successful candidate will gain wide ranging exposure to Stripes diverse range of business lines, senior leadership, and the governance and workings of the organization.
Responsibilities

Lead, build and evolve our North America regulatory examination program. Own accountability for the end-to-end regulatory examination process, including exam preparation, stakeholder engagement, exam management, and post-exam management action plans and senior management reporting
Drive Stripe North Americas overall examination management strategy, including proposing and delivering enhancements to the examination management process
Build trust and accountability with, coach and support stakeholder teams across the first line and second line to ensure timely, optimal responses to regulator inquiries Effectively communicate your teams work to senior management
Represent Stripe externally as the primary point of contact for all US and Canada regulators across our money transmission, servicing and brokering licenses
Manage and supervise the licensing application, renewal and management process for Stripes US and Canadian entities

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

8 years of experience managing regulatory examinations and inquiries 
Robust experience working with or for state or federal regulators
Subject matter expertise in money transmitter licensing and regulation and deep experience building and managing a regulatory compliance program in the regulated financial services industry, preferably in fintechpayments   
Proven experience managing distinct projects and programs, with particularly strong skills in stakeholder management 
A proven track record as a resilient and empathetic manager
Strong written and verbal communication skills—including the ability to communicate effectively with different stakeholders across the business
Excellent cross-functional collaboration skills, including navigating leadership and interpersonal working relationships
Exceptional organizational and time management skills
Ability to handle multiple assignments and assess and analyze data in order to solve problems, comfortably managing ambiguity 
