Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The recruiting team seeks to build the culture of Stripe by aligning the strongest global talent to our highest impact business needs. They focus on bringing Stripes operating principles to life in their recruiting processes, providing the highest-quality candidate experience, and leveraging data driven storytelling to influence the business. 
What youll do
To further this important mission, we are looking for a consultative and creative recruiter to grow and scale our Stripe Delivery Center in Mexico City. The Stripe Delivery Center is a new global team with the purpose of building Stripes operations capabilities for the next decade. As a recruiter, you will be helping us hire for this team in Mexico City, looking for dynamic and curious people who have a passion for solving global user issues, building operations and who want to play a front-line role in building this new operational capability for Stripe.
You can expect high impact and wide-ranging responsibilities: owning full-cycle recruiting, driving hiring strategy, and delivering best-in-class candidate experience. This person must be a builder who thrives in a learning environment—unafraid to try new things, embrace new ideas, and welcome suggestions for how we can iterate on our processes.
Responsibilities

Partner with senior leaders across the organisation to understand their hiring objectives and develop team recruiting strategies to hit headcount goals, with a focus on building our Operations teams in Mexico City
Help initiate creative and scalable changes to our existing recruiting strategy
Track and analyse metrics; report on hiring progress to business leadership on a regular cadence
Concentrate on creating strategic plans for sourcing candidates with diverse backgrounds for each of your roles
Work closely with cross-functional teams like Finance, People Ops, Benefits, Onboarding and Legal to deliver a high-quality and holistic candidate experience

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

4-5 years of full-cycle Recruiting experience in a fast-paced, high-growth environment including in house experience
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including business proficiency in English
Proven abilities to attract passive candidates and build a diverse pipelines
An active and data driven approach to problem solving; you enjoy making sense of the trends and using the insights to better your process to make it more efficient

Preferred qualifications

A passion for building teams and delivering exceptional candidate experience
A growth mindset and truly flexible; you can shift tasks and priorities when circumstances change
An interest in working in a cross-functional and fluid environment with the ability to learn quickly
