Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
We, too, are growing quickly around the world. Keeping Stripes everywhere informed, engaged, and connected demands a lot of thoughtfulness, empathy, and willingness to research and experiment. We are on the hunt for a passionate, strategic and energetic teammate to drive internal communications strategy and execution for key strategic programs. The role will require a solid understanding of how companies, especially hyper-growth companies, operate, and an understanding of how to equip employees to succeed in ever-changing environments. 
What youll do
Youll work with leaders across Stripe globally to prioritize, align and deliver communications about our most important strategic initiatives. Youll partner with teams developing and executing the companys strategic vision, helping them translate it into comprehensive communications plans. Youll shape messaging and devise the right approach to ensure Stripes around the world are informed, engaged and inspired. Were looking for an exceptional communicator who will create efficiencies between all teams and meaningfully inflect Stripes long-term trajectory. 
Responsibilities

As a member of Stripes global internal communications team, youll work with senior leadership as the internal communications partner for strategic initiatives. That includes not just communicating outcomes internally, but using your experience to play an active role in shaping the programs themselves, and contributing to big decisions, based on their impact on Stripes experience of work.
Drive the plan to communicate programs, initiatives and changes to Stripes; monitor progress and sentiment over time to ensure timely execution andor required course corrections.
Proactively track sentiment among Stripes and build cross-functional teams to amplify strengths and solve for weaknesses.
Develop and manage a strategy to empower and enable Stripes leaders and managers through the creation of thoughtful communications, discussion materials, and iteration in response to feedback.
Own the communications strategy and tactics of cross-functional initiatives that further Stripes strategic priorities; this includes being a key member of the team working through the completion of large, high-profile projects.
Maintain a pulse on daily business operations to identify and mitigate potential roadblocks.
Act as liaison and strong collaborator with all stakeholders, serving as a sounding board for all levels of the team to help move projects forward or synthesize feedback for the organization to action on.
Partner with multiple senior-level stakeholders with divergent perspectives to discuss key issues and drive communications decisions; work behind the scenes to resolve disagreement, influence outcomes, and enable leader success.

Who you are
Youre someone who understands how businesses work - their operating rhythm and what needs to be true for them to run efficiently. You may not come from a communications background at all - in fact, youre as likely to have Strategy or Chief of Staff responsibilities on your resume. Youre excited about the idea of working at a company where you can have an immediate impact. You thrive in cross-company projects and youre not afraid to take a fresh approach to communications to help employees through change.
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

10 years of proven experience executing and leading in fast-changing, complex, and international organizations.
Significant experience in leadership roles with strong focus on strategic or special projects,  ideally within the technology sector.
Experience of (or adjacency to) internal communications processes (but you dont need direct experience of having led communications efforts yourself).
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills, and impeccable people skills. 
A penchant for working from first principles, converting challenges into opportunities, and seeing whats on the horizon.
A strong ability to develop relationships and work with employees in all functions and at all levels, from interns to executives.

Preferred qualifications

Experience developing effective communications strategies andor change management strategies, preferably in a high-growth or technology environment. Adaptation is your sport. Comms experience is an asset, but not a requirement. 
