Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripes infrastructure powers businesses all over the world. We process payments, run marketplaces, help entrepreneurs start an internet business from anywhere in the world, and more. Infrastructure engineers at Stripe build the systems that power all of our products, globally and at scale.
Our users trust us with their businesses and livelihoods, and every request that Stripe handles is critical. We process billions of dollars every year for millions of users, from the largest enterprises to a startup making their first sale. We invest deeply in the reliability and security of our infrastructure to earn their trust.
We build the platform and infrastructure that sit at the intersection between our secure cardholder environment and the rest of Stripe. Youll join the team that manages the physical network infrastructure which connects Stripe to our financial and cloud partners.
Our work provides a highly available, secure, and reliable network for Stripe to quickly build and deploy partner integrations that scale with our business and customers. We manage relationships with our data center partners to ensure the smooth operations of our networks and equipment. Every transaction through Stripes platform flows through our network, and we are committed to reliably delivering each packet to our financial partners.
Were looking for people with a strong background in network engineering, software automation, and datacenter operations.
What youll do
Responsibilities

Design, build and operate Stripes global physical data center network infrastructure
Design and manage network infrastructure for Stripes cloud partners
Write software automation and tooling for Stripes network infrastructure
Plan the future growth of our physical data centers and colocations
Collaborate with financial partners to drive connectivity and peering agreements
Visit Stripe data centers to perform maintenance and operations

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

A strong background (3 years of industry experience) in network engineering and physical network technologies
Experience with managing physical network hardware and operating inside a data center or colocation environment
Experience automating network devices with tools or languages such as Ansible, Python, or Go
Experience with network protocols such as BGP, TCP, IPSEC, SNMP, VRRP

Preferred qualifications

Experience working within PCI data center environments
Experience managing and operating HSM hardware
Experience managing Linux based server infrastructure
Experience working with networking in cloud environments
