Who We Are
About Stripe
At Stripe, you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach. Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. 
About The Team
The Solutions Architecture Team partners with our users to realize their full potential through the adoption of prescriptive solutions that drive their growth and success.
We work with C-level executives, finance leaders, product design and engineering teams at large global brands and platforms who are building financial services solutions with Stripe.  We work closely with Account Executives, Professional Services, Customer Success Managers, Partners, Technical Account Managers and Product Team to develop and execute on the account strategy for Stripes large users and enterprise prospects. 
What Youll Do
As a member of the team, Solutions Architects build highly consultative trusted relationships with c-level executives and technical decision makers in the customers organization to provide business and technical thought leadership, and become a trusted advisor in solving mission-critical business challenges. We architect business models with them so they can drive new monetization opportunities and growth.
Responsibilities

Be a key member of a Stripe Strategic or Enterprise account team with deep involvement in defining the customer strategy; Identify and close new complex opportunities, and accelerate solution adoption. 
Drive thought leadership and be a trusted advisor for key business and technical stakeholders including CIO, CTO, COO, CRO, CDO, Head of Product Engineering and Head of Payments.
Work to deeply understand the customers business objectives, and then design and apply Stripes solutions to their challenges. Develop and articulate the end to end customer transformation journey and create future roadmaps and architectures with deep 3rd party integrations in play.
Conduct business analysis and background research on customers, industries, and competitors.
Lead strategy engagements with users to align to business priorities, design solutions and secure the technical win by performing in-depth customer discovery, evangelizing the proposed solutions through executive briefings, readouts, presentations and solution demos. 
Expand Stripes footprint within existing accounts to new global markets and business units by introducing new capabilities and local payment methods.
Act as the Voice of the Customer to bring insights, trends and opportunities to the leadership, product and engineering teams from the forefront and prioritized for delivery.  
Participate in sales forecasting, Quarterly Business Reviews and accountterritory planning to strategically and tactically align for success.

Who You Are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum Requirements

10 years of experience in a similar customer-facing engineering role such as solution consultant, solutions architect, sales engineer, for a global software enterprise.
Pre-sales experience is required.
Executive engagement skills and presence, with an ability to establish strong relationships with key decision makers and build credibility at all levels.
Effective group-facilitation skills and confidence in proposing and leading customer meetings to gain strategic footing and pursue opportunities.
Thorough understanding of the software development lifecycle and API architecture.
Outstanding spoken and written communication skills, presentation skills, and confident in explaining complex concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Ability to learn Stripe solutions such as Payments, Billing, Connect, and more.
Ability to understand how a wide variety of applications such as ERP, CRM, Billing, Tax and legacy systems interact with each other in an enterprise technology ecosystem. 
Strong organizational and time management skills and the ability to juggle competing priorities while working with multiple strategic opportunities and customers.

Preferred Qualifications

Experience as a customer facing, domain expert in the payments space, presenting, and architecting solutions for enterprise customers.
Experience with integrating Stripe or other RESTful APIs into web applications.
Experience in systems design, building and deploying complex applications.
Prior experience in driving global enterprise technical sales for top-tier enterprise application companies
Experience in helping customers adopt and consume software in a cloud model.
Passionate about learning and actively seeks out knowledge
Ability to work independently and confidently to develop a path forward with customers under ambiguous circumstances.
Strategic and creative thinker who can proactively identify challenges and maintain a positive approach when facing difficult obstacles.
Strong collaboration skills to work seamlessly with extended teams to support our users.
