Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Support Experience engineering organization builds and improves Stripes user support from end to end: how users get help within our products, how they get in touch with us when they have questions, and how our teams use internal tools to answer those questions. Were accountable for the quality and reliability of this support stack and we use data and firsthand user research to continuously improve it. 
Providing great support to users of all sizes is culturally important to everyone at Stripe. We are a group of capable, friendly, user-oriented engineers that partner closely on this problem with Stripes world-class design, product, and operational teams. This includes the external-facing support interfaces (https:support.stripe.com), content, entry points, internal tooling, case routing, and helping product teams across the company reduce support volume by improving our products.
What youll do
Were looking for an engineer who can bring technical leadership to a new engineering team. Projects youll work on might include:

Defining the technical vision and architecture for Stripes support products and systems.
Building engaging, responsive user interfaces that make it truly enjoyable to get help from Stripe. For example, we used React to build a chat UI from the ground up so that it would feel at home in the Stripe Dashboard. 
Scaling the contact platform that connects Stripe users with the teams that are best equipped to help them. This might involve implementing new API endpoints for use across multiple products, iterating on data pipelines to maximize visibility into our support operations, or adding to our billing pipeline so that we can offer paid support plans in new regions. 
Improving the internal tools that empower our user-facing teams to build new case-solving workflows, publish dynamic, localized content to our user-facing support site, and answer every support request with the right context for any user. 

Responsibilities

Build, operate, and improve support products for all of Stripes users, from one-person startups to Premium Support users and large enterprises. 
Own problems from end to end, managing complexity and change, engaging directly with cross-functional stakeholders to think through everything from business impact, to reliability and operability, to the pixel-perfection of individual support interactions.
Scope and lead large technical projects with enormous impact across many teams at Stripe.
Serve as a role model for our high engineering standards and bring consistency to the many codebases and processes you will encounter.
Arbitrate and advise Stripes leadership team on critical decisions correctly that fully consider software best practices, system realities, and numerous stakeholders preferences and concerns.
Collaborate with stakeholders across the organization such as experts in product, design, infrastructure, and operations.
Teach and mentor the next generation of technical leaders at Stripe.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Have a strong technical background, including 10 years of hands-on software development experience
Experience in architecting and designing full-stack systems that delivered critical impact to a business
Enjoy being a generalist, working on frontend, backend, infrastructure, data pipelines, or billing pipelines as needed to solve problems and delight our users. (You dont need to be an expert in all of these but it helps to be interested in learning about them.) 
Skilled in working with technical and cross-functional stakeholders across the company: building alignment, driving decision making, and communicating transparently
Experience mentoring and helping in the development of engineers and peers
Effective at giving and receiving constructive feedback tofrom peers

Preferred qualifications

Experience building software for customer support or operations organizations
Experience leading projects across multiple engineering teams
Proficient in JavaScriptTypeScript, React, Ruby, Java
