 please note that Stripe is offering this role in Bangalore and Hyderabad 
Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team:
Verification  Identity Platform (VIP) is a core platform team which powers user onboarding  verification (KYC  KYB) worldwide  ensures continued compliance throughout the merchant life-cycle at Stripe. Our team safeguards user identities across our array of digital services, designing and executing a secure, effortless, and user-centered identity collection  verification environment. Our efforts cover a broad spectrum of identity confirming scenarios, including identity proofing, risk-based, and adaptive verification technology. We provide a in-house smart orchestration eco system which allows us to integrate with multiple 3P data verification services, financial institutions and regulatory bodies to build accuracy, reliability and speed to verify accounts  businesses. We enable Stripes continued compliance in an ever-evolving regulatory landscape by providing infrastructure that automates document collection, verification  merchant communication for high scale requirements refresh and accounts remediation programs.
You will:

Design, build, and maintain APIs, services, and systems across Stripes engineering teams
Debug production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack
Work with engineers across the company to build new features at large-scale
Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes

Who you are
Its not expected that any single candidate would have expertise across all of these areas. For instance, we have wonderful team members who are really focused on their customers needs and building amazing user experiences, but didnt work on APIs before joining Stripe.
Minimum requirements

You have a strong technical background with 4-10 years of technical experience building APIs.
Think about systems and services and write high quality code. 
Hold yourself and others to a high bar when working with production systems.
Take pride in working on projects to successful completion involving a wide variety of technologies and systems.
Thrive in a collaborative environment involving different stakeholders and subject matter experts.
Enjoy working with a diverse group of people with different expertise (for example,  of Stripes work in a country thats different from the one they grew up in). Almost every role at Stripe collaborates with some engineers, from Sales and Support in sharing feedback from our customers; to Legal and Accounting in supporting our systems for tracking money movement and reporting around the world.

Preferred qualifications

 Domain expertise in accounting or financial management is a plus but not at all a requirement.
