Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripe is looking for an analyst to join our Security Operations team focused on improving the integrity and security of our infrastructure. Companies rely on Stripe to conduct business, and its critical that we experience minimal service disruptions and keep data secure. As a Security Operations Analyst, youll investigate anomalous activity, collaborate with Security Engineering to fine-tune threat detection models, and help manage our Bug Bounty program. As a result, youll play a pivotal role in bolstering the integrity of Stripes infrastructure and elevating user trust in our products.
What youll do
Responsibilities

Act as our front line responder to security threats, investigating anomalies to uncover their root causes and coordinate further action with cross-functional stakeholders.
Manage urgent triaging of security alerts with speed, collaboration, and accuracy, partnering with a global and broad set of stakeholders for fast resolution.
Collaborate with engineering teams to align on and execute upon on-going improvements to tooling, manual and automated processes, and metrics. 
Help establish team norms for communication and workflow with a mind for scale.
Help manage the operational work streams for our Bug Bounty program
Occasionally handle on-call coverage during weekends

Who you are
Minimum requirements

Have 1-2 years of professional experience in Security Operations or a similar role
Are familiar with MacOS and AWS environments and web security best practices
Have operational awareness: a sense of the big picture in any organization they inhabit, how team members individual goals contribute to that, and how they can help team members navigate best within the big picture.
Have foundational security knowledge and experience communicating with a range of stakeholders with sensitivity and discretion.
Can problem solve and translate complicated technical issues into solutions, while keeping a security-first mindset.
Enjoy investigating ambiguous problems with a keen eye for detail and a high bar for quality.

 
Preferred qualifications

Are proactive in identifying areas for process improvement and establishing best practices.
Are enthusiastic about developing and scaling a growing team.
Are proficient in or keen to learn SQL or an equivalent query languages
Cybersecurity certification (eg. CompTia Security, SANS)
