Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripe has a growing focus on Enterprise and large Digital Native customers who are demanding access to highly qualified individuals to assist with the deployment of Stripe products and services. Professional Services is the team that provides implementation consultants and engineers to assist these customers. Our team provides the Strategy  Operational support to those consultants, engineers and their leadership. Support is provided across three pillars:

Strategy and planning
Operations
Analytics and insights

Within the GTM Strategy  Operations organization, our team, Professional Services Strategy  Operations is focused on driving business changes across tooling, processes and policies.  We facilitate incremental Stripe productivity improvements to help Professional Services deliver solutions and drive Stripe Revenue.  We are a global team with resources in the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific. Our team has a mix of business partners working directly with Professional Services teams at a strategic consulting level, as well as hands-on technical resources administering the tools, driving data and analytics, and executing on operational activities.
What youll do
Our team is still very nascent, with the majority of our near term focus on building business foundations, which necessarily entails a focus on operational projects (process design, business cadences, systems work). The PSSO business partner is the right-hand person to their Professional Services leaders on everything related to planning and running their business, including: org design and planning, partnersales coverage models, setting SOKRs, measuring and providing insights on performance, forecasting, and process improvement. 
Responsibilities

Drive 1yr4yr planning and related cross-functional planning processes.
Set annual and quarterly SOKRs and track performance.
Define Professional Services roles and coverage models.
Build reports and dashboards for key reporting needs.
Prepare for QBRs and other leadership meetings.
Manage cross-functional pre-sales processes with other teams. 
Operationalize product GTM processes where it impacts the Professional Services teams.
Working cross-functionally to investigate and do analysis on system issues.
Create JIRA Tickets for system enhancements.
System and operational workflow management analysis and investigation. 
Improve business processes through data driven decisions.
Provide user and project administration.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

10 years of operations experience in a software solutions or technology company.
5 years working with a Professional Services organization.
Data Analytics (Google SheetsExcel data manipulation, SQL).
Working on ticket management in JIRA.
Business and operational SLA reporting.
Business requirement and user story documentation.
Communicate clearly, proactively, and concisely. 
Self-starter and comfortable dealing with ambiguity.

Preferred qualifications

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field.
Tableau or SFDC report development experience.
Experience as a User and Report developer in Salesforce.com.
Kantata or similar PSA Tool Experience, NOT Necessary, we will provide all training, but nice if it is available.
