About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The team is responsible for offering data warehouse analytics capabilities for Stripe and the stack is supported by a collection of internally developed large scale distributed services and several popular open source technologies like TrinoPresto, Hive Metastore etc. The systems we own support all of the data warehouse workloads initiated by both services and by individual Stripes across the company to support various business analytics use cases. We process hundreds of thousands of queries on petabytes of data per day and form the key data serving layer for one of the largest financial data lakes in the world. The team is distributed across the USA.
What youll do
You will work as a tech lead for the data warehouse analytics space and will be a key contributor to the evolution of our platform. You will directly influence how Stripe analyzes its vast and ever growing data lake. As a Staff Engineer, youll be empowered to make decisions with a significant impact on Stripe and help guide our investments and strategy while making our systems reliable, secure, and a delight to use. Staff Engineers at Stripe are empowered to operate autonomously and are counted on to help drive Stripe forward. In this role, you will work closely and frequently with the tech staff community across Stripes data platform and have opportunities to significantly influence the overall data strategy for Stripe. Were looking for people with a strong background and demonstrated leadership in data platform technologies, ideally within the distributed SQL query engine space. 
Responsibilities:

Scope and lead large technical projects with enormous impact for Engineers within Stripe.
Build and maintain the infrastructure which powers the core of Stripe.
Scrutinize and reason clearly about the technology and architecture choices we make in building these products. In many cases, you will be the decision maker.
Directly contribute to core interface design and write code. Serve as a role model for how great software should be written for Stripe as a whole.
Arbitrate critical decisions correctly that fully consider software best practices, Stripe system realities, and numerous stakeholders preferences and concerns.
Advise Stripes leadership team on key technical considerations related to data storage and access within Stripe.
Work closely with the open source community to identify opportunities for adopting new open source features as well contribute back to the OSS.
Work effectively cross functionally.
Teach and mentor the next generation of technical leaders at Stripe.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Have a strong technical background with 8 years of experience with data platforms and backend development
Have experience with distributed SQL query engines like Trino.
Have served as the technical lead for a team of engineers and can demonstrate broad technical leadership.
Listen well and internalize the best ideas from all over the organization while also setting a vision that others are excited to get behind.
Work well cross-functionally and your co-workers at all levels and across all teams trust you.

Preferred qualifications

Have been a Staff, Principal, or Distinguished Engineer at a top tier company.
Have owned the technical roadmap for a business area.
Are often cited as the inspiration for engineers that join your teams. Even senior engineers feel that theyre able to learn from you.
