Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Merchant Health Experience Teams mission is to provide Stripes Enterprise customers with personalized, real-time and actionable data and insights on the health, status and performance of their Stripes accounts, Stripes systems and services, and Stripes network partners. The team builds all the data infrastructure and machine learning models to support real-time alerting, dashboards, actionable insights and service performance reports. 
What you will do

Scope, design, implement, and deploy robust scalable solutions, making appropriate tradeoffs between reliability, throughput, latency, resiliency, engineering velocity and cost
Solve complicated problems that exist at the intersection of technology, scale, and people.
Contribute to teams strategy, roadmap, tooling, process, and culture
Uphold our high engineering standards and improve our codebase and processes
Debug production issues across services and several layers of the stack
Heavily participate and contribute to various design discussions and code reviews within your team.

Minimum requirements

4 years of professional hands-on software development experience, able to write highly optimized algorithms and have experience with commonly used data structure and algorithms
Hands-on experience designing and building large scale distributed systems 
Strong collaboration skills, can work cross-team and cross-organization to deliver integrated observability and alerting solutions
Customer obsessed, ability to articulate and represent customer experience in various forums to drive the right outcome 
BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent field
Have the ability to thrive on a high level of autonomy, responsibility, and think of yourself as entrepreneurial

Preferred qualifications

Experience building and operating highly-scalable data-intensive services. 
Experience building and operating observability solutions, such designingbuilding telemetry collections, data transport and storage solutions and anomaly driven by machine learning models. 
