Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripe builds economic infrastructure for the internet. Were moving beyond payments and up the stack to help our users run their businesses more effectively. Issuing is developing APIs and full stack offering to empower businesses to launch physical and virtual card programs. We aim to help businesses deploy novel use cases that rely on fully programmable funds management instruments.
You can read more here:

Product pages: Issuing  Treasury
Recent News:

Stripe launches charge card program for Stripe Issuing
Stripe Issuing launches in Europe


 
What youll do
Were looking for a seasoned engineering manager to lead the Funding and Billing team. Youll be responsible for expanding and developing the team. Youll drive pillar vision and roadmap. Youll lead our coordination with product teams, operations teams, and other engineering teams at Stripe. Were looking for a leader with a strong background in building scalable products; we need someone who is comfortable in a fast-moving environment with lots of moving pieces. 
Issuing is one of Stripes biggest bets. The right leaders will allow us to scale faster and more reliably as our business accelerates. If that sounds exciting, wed love to speak with you.
Responsibilities

Be actively involved in strategic direction, product decisions, roadmap shaping for an emerging business
Iterate rapidly on features, tooling, and processes as we launch first versions of new products
Driving technical direction to work through tech stack evolutions
Work closely with our users and financial partners on a daily basis
Design, build, and maintain APIs, user-facing experiences, services, and systems
Make and adapt prioritization and staffing decisions as the team, business, and user demands progress.
Engineer solutions across systems such as core money-movement infrastructure, data pipelines, banking systems, and more
Grow, develop, recruit, and hire for an amazing team of engineers

 
Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

You have built new, diverse teams to tackle challenging technical problems
You have at least 3 years of engineering management experience and 8 years of overall software development experience
You thrive in a collaborative environment involving different stakeholders and subject matter experts

Preferred qualifications

You think of yourself as entrepreneurial and enjoy moving quickly on new, green-field products
You hold yourself and others to a high bar when working with production systems
You enjoy working with a diverse group of people with different expertise. Almost every role at Stripe collaborates with some engineers, from Sales and Support in sharing feedback from our customers, to Legal and Accounting in supporting our systems for tracking money movement and reporting around the world
