Location: This role is open to remote in Canada or the United States. It is also open to in-office in Toronto, ON, Canada or Chicago, IL, USA. It is not open to other in-office locations in the US (not eligible for San Francisco, Seattle, or New York).
Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
We oversee Accounts APIs and dashboard surfaces that every Stripe user relies on throughout their business lifecycle. As part of revamping our Accounts Platform for the next decade plus, we have the opportunity to solve challenging user pain points at scale and build a granular, expressive framework powering users onboarding experience as well as that of their own end users.
A strong foundation of customizable account structures and interoperable APIs is critical to Stripes long-term success. Its important we get the set of core business blocks right  that we understand how businesses of all sizes model their organizational structures and think about their relationships, and we ensure that integrating with Stripe is nothing short of a fantastic experience. We are applying Stripes developer-centric approach to building the flexible, programmable representation of humans and businesses that map across Stripes existing and future products.
What youll do
As a staff engineer on Accounts, youll work with fellow engineers, engineering managers and cross-functional partners to design and build end-to-end product experiences fundamental to the onboarding and management experience of every Stripe user, including Stripes largest multi-entity users with complex integrations. We are seeking a seasoned technical leader to drive the technical vision for how Stripe will build these foundations and their dashboard surfaces, delivering best-in-class product experiences for our users. You will be directly responsible for the successful delivery of large-scale technical efforts as well as the technical mentorship and leadership you provide for other engineers.
Responsibilities

Collaborate with cross-functional partner teams to deliver delightful developer experiences and comprehensive interfaces with core account primitives
Build beautiful end-to-end user experiences as well as high-performance APIs that power them 
Ensure our infrastructure is extensible, scalable, reliable, and meets SLAs for both external and internal users
Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes
Develop and lead the team to execute against both short-term and long-term roadmaps
Make effective tradeoffs that consider business priorities, user experience, and a sustainable technical foundation
Mentor and coach both individual contributors and managers to become the next generation of leaders at Stripe

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

6 years of experience as a software engineer
Comfortable being truly full stack, navigating codebase with different languages and tools
Experience as a technical lead for large project (6 months in length), including defining the roadmap for complex projects spanning multiple teams and functions
Empathetic, collaborative, and user-first mindset in everything you build
Ability to internalize the best ideas from across the organization, humbly setting a vision that others are excited to get behind
Ability to work well cross-functionally and earn trust from colleagues at all levels
Experience mentoring and growing senior engineers as their technical leader

Preferred qualifications

You have a strong technical background, including 8 years of experience designing and engineering products, user surfaces, and APIs for high-impact products
You are often cited as the inspiration for engineers that join your team
Senior engineers feel they are able to learn from you, and you care deeply about mentoring others
