Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Streaming Infrastructure team builds and operates the streaming platform that enables the flow of data between diverse systems at Stripe and serves as a backbone of Stripe infrastructure. The team is developing a globally distributed event bus to support Stripes growing scalability, reliability, and product requirements. We enable other teams at Stripe by creating simple abstractions and providing self-service tooling and dashboards to enable users to easily operate services on our infrastructure. We minimize operational toil for the team through regular investment in automation of maintenance operations.
We are looking for a manager who is excited about event-driven streaming architecture and leading a team to solve challenging distributed systems problems, as well as developing empathetic partnerships with other Stripe teams to understand their use-cases and unlock new capabilities.
What youll do

Work on a high-visibility team and be part of shaping Stripes long term streaming strategy.
Work with engineers and other leaders at Stripe to understand opportunities to better leverage our streaming infrastructure
Support the engineering team in achieving a high level of technical quality, reliability, and ease-of-use
Lead and manage processes to help the team do its best work and engage effectively with the rest of Stripe
Recruit great engineers, in collaboration with Stripes recruiting team
Develop engineers on the team, helping them advance in their careers
Contribute to engineering-wide initiatives as a member of Stripes engineering management team

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. 
Minimum requirements

At least 3 years of experience managing teams that shipped and operated critical distributed system infrastructure.
Successfully recruited and built great teams.
Works effectively cross-functionally and is able to think rigorously, communicate effectively, and make or coordinate hard decisions andtrade-offs.
Thrives with a high degree of autonomy and responsibility in an ambiguous environment.
Technical acumen to drive clarity with staff engineers about architecture and technical strategic decisions.
Encourage a healthy and inclusive work environment thats both challenging and supportive.

Preferred qualifications

Experience working with streaming platforms such as Apache Kafka, Apache Flink or Amazon Kinesis.
Strong written and verbal communication skills for different audiences(leadership, users, company-wide).
Strong quantitative and analytical background.
Productively lead fully remote teams.
