Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripes infrastructure powers businesses all over the world. We process payments, run marketplaces, detect fraud, help entrepreneurs start an internet business from anywhere in the world, build world-class developer-friendly APIs, and more.
User Billing provides a central entry point for Stripe products to monetize in global markets. It is ultimately responsible for the systems, programs, and operations that generate Stripes revenue and the economic models we have with our customers. This is accomplished through a sophisticated pricing onboarding tooling and workflow management, unified billing engine, and custom solutions for our largest enterprise users. 
Our work is core to Stripes business. Millions of customers look at us for a reliable and frictionless billing experience with Stripe.
Technical Operations roles are a dynamic and key component of Stripes success. Focused on serving Stripe customers, we sit at the intersection of product, sales, engineering, finance, and operations, acting as the connective tissues that ensure internal and external users receive user billing results accurately and timely. 
What youll do
Responsibilities

Collaborate across the company, including engineering, accounting, sales, financial partnerships and product teams, to analyze and account for billions of dollars moving through the Stripe platform
Help influence peers  managers and build consensus while dealing with ambiguity
Drive data and process efficiencies to meet the scale and speed of Stripe
Build your team - formalizing role definitions, defining charter and ownership boundaries and taking a newly formed team into a high-functioning one
Work daily with product, engineering, and sales teams to find and solve issues, and drive engineering to improve their systems

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Have 3 years of people management experience 
Have 5-10 years of experience in a technical role (e.g. Technical Operations, Technical Program Management, Software Engineering, Data Science, etc.)
Strong customer service focus, with the ability to communicate and build relationships with technical and non-technical teams across internal and external stakeholders 
Have experience navigating the nuanced complexity of financial systems and solving large scale, technical challenges
Have strong analytical skills to investigate, prioritize, and identify the root cause of issues

Preferred qualifications

Technicalproduct expertise (how to get upstream configuration right, how to plug downstream teams into product development, deep understanding of productengineering requirements)
Data integrity expertise (reconciliation and manual data management, data quality assessment, data and reporting efficiency)
Operational expertise (measuringimproving manual processes, motivatingengaging an operations team)
