Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Risk team is responsible for the health and success of Stripes financial platform,  managing our exposure credit, fraud, regulatory and the payments ecosystem. Within the Risk organization, the Partnerships Risk Strategy team leads the risk interface with our financial partners and works cross functionally with internal teams to build a best in class risk platform. Through collaboration with risk partners, we drive sustained value and growth for our users.
What youll do
As the North America Head of Risk Partnerships  Strategy, you will lead a team responsible for working with our global and regional financial partners to mutually unlock new business opportunities and user verticals, innovate shared risk methodologies, and establish  ensure compliance to our agreed risk appetites. You will own the related risk initiatives across Stripe products, systematically making step-change improvements in the breadth and depth of Stripes risk management capabilities. You will build strategic relationships with the executive level of our financial partners and represent Stripe as a thought leader in the industry.
Responsibilities

You will build and execute a long-term strategy
Make the business decisions and policies around risk approaches 
Represent and negotiate our risk approach to payment partners
Optimize existing operational levers and build new ones
Develop a long-term strategy on how we can cultivate mutually beneficial partnerships with our financial partners to rapidly expand Stripes Global Payments and Treasury Network (GPTN)
Drive the risk-related partnerships and product discussions with our most important financial partners to ensure that we have alignment on risk approaches and strategy
Unlock business opportunities by innovating on risk-aware solutions to expand our product and user base
Develop and manage the processes necessary to allow the organization to operate effectively, which will include partnering on engineering architecture and streamlined processes in support of sound risk management

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

The ability to represent Stripe at the executive level with a wide range of external partners and government agencies
Deep, credible, and rewarding partnerships with financial institutions globally, with a focus on consumer and retail financial services
A demonstrated ability at balancing prudent risk management with commercial outcomes 
A clear contributor to building and managing the PL and trajectory of an expansive business
Strong stakeholder management including navigating difficult situations, negotiating timelines, and influencing internal and external stakeholders across organizations and borders
Experience managing a rapidly growing global team in a high-growth company, and the ability to recruit, manage, and mentor high performing individuals
The drive to flourish with minimal guidance; proactive and thrive in uncertain and ambiguous environments
12 years of experience
