Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripe was built with simplicity in mind. We strive to deliver frictionless experiences for all of our users, whether they are an Independent Business, Startup, SMB, or Enterprise and our mission is to provide all Stripe Users with the best support experience possible. Today, Stripe handles over a million support cases per year and processes millions of internal transactions.  Were going to achieve excellence by thinking of support in a novel, solution-oriented way, and viewing operations as an integral enabler of all of Stripes growth.
Stripe has unique operational problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with as a result of growing the GDP of the Internet.  Stripes leverage understanding of our products, the financial industry and money movement, and our processes to support both internal and external users. Doing so requires us to invest significant resources into building this experience ourselves.
What youll do
As a Collections Specialist for Stripe Capital, you will provide surprisingly great, empathetic, and strategic support to Stripe Capital merchants who have missed payments. You will manage a collections queue of overdue users, reaching out by phone, email and SMS to assist them getting their business back on track.  With high EQ and a genuine desire to help their businesses succeed, youll ensure a positive experience on Stripe while also protecting Stripes ability to offer more loans to more merchants.
Perhaps most importantly, youll be expected to make process and product recommendations to improve users Collections experience and enable Stripe to offer more loans to more businesses.  As an expert resource for the Capital product and engineering team, as well as risk, support and other functions across Stripe, you will work with these stakeholders to advocate for and in some cases drive those product and process enhancements.  
Responsibilities

Manage multiple delinquent accounts for debt collection efforts
Keep track of assigned accounts to identify outstanding debts
Plan a course of action to recover outstanding payments
Negotiate payoff deadlines or payment plans
Handle merchant questions or complaints
Investigate and resolve discrepancies in payments or accounts
Propose process, tooling, and product enhancements to improve the Collections experience for Stripe merchants

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Office and database software skills
Ability to pick up new tooling and technology quickly 
Ability to explain complex financial topics succinctly and clearly (eg, the collection experience to other teams within Stripe)
Multi-tasking, time management, and prioritization skills
Ability to grasp and navigate relevant legal requirements 
Ability to work independently, with strong attention to detail
Negotiation and conflict resolution skills
Strong written and verbal communication skills
