Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
One of the key drivers to our success is an exceptional emphasis on our people. We believe that our competitive advantage lies in our talent and that we can build a sustainable advantage by enabling individuals and teams to contribute their full potential. Stripe is looking for a People Partner Manager (HRBP) to drive that effort in either our GTM or Core Orgs. This includes supporting our leaders and managers through scale, creating an environment where Stripes of all backgrounds can thrive, aligning our business and technical strategy with our people strategy, using data to develop best practices from 1st principles.
What youll do
As a People Partner Manager, youll help make Stripe a great place to work and grow. Youll work with senior business leaders, managers, and employees across Stripe to strategize and implement systems, processes, and programs to help people grow, develop and deliver exceptional impact to our users.
Responsibilities

Lead and support either GTM or Core organizations through extraordinary global growth
Act as a coach, partner, and confidant to managers and leaders in the organization(s) youll support
Analyze people data and trends to inform decisions on strategy and programs and ensure we are building healthy orgs that are ready to grow with the business
Partner with People Programs, People Development, Talent  Careers, Global Mobility, Total Rewards, Recruiting, Inclusion and Diversity and People Ops to develop programs that continually elevate the caliber and kindness of Stripes

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

15 years of experience as an HR business partner, preferably with a mix of experience in fast-growing technology companies and more established organizations
7 years of management experience
Experience partnering and influencing senior leaders to help drive and align their people strategy and increase business results
Strong analytical and project management skills, proven ability to design clear processes, and a very detail-oriented yet flexible approach to problem solving
Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal
Proven ability to partner and influence across diverse groups and experience levels

Preferred qualifications

A strategist and scaler, who can connect the dots between where were going and how we need to nudge the organization to get there
A partner and connector who builds trusted relationships with managers and leaders by providing deep insights and helping them see around corners
A business partner who deeply understands Stripes strategy and aligns it with the organizations structures, processes, initiatives and processes 
A collaborator, who gets energy from working with leaders to create the best possible teams and organizational structures
A strategic thinker whose decisions are informed by data, experience, and Stripes operating principles
A coach who loves building and developing high-impact teams
Experience supporting organizations within go-to-market or other revenue business teams
