About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Finance Operations (FinOps) team provides and enhances core business services that are the backbone for Stripe. FinOps uses data and operational excellence to deliver technology solutions, procurement, billing and payroll services, strategic sourcing, and supplier relationship management to Stripe.
What youll do
Were looking for a Monetization Operations Analyst to join our growing team. This individual will help us improve user experience through accurate and timely onboarding of contracts, workflows and deliver improvements in our integrated financial systems with business partners, financial colleagues, and engineers.
Responsibilities

Be responsible for onboarding sold custom contracts into our billing systems
Ability to understand the legal languages of the contract and comfortable working on it and have strong attention to detail
Build scalable and auditable onboarding processes for new and existing users
Partner with internal systems, deal desk, legal, sales ops, internal audit, go-to-market, engineer and account managers to develop and improve the process.
Partner with account managers to solve user inquiries related to onboarding implementation, billing, and collections and if needed troubleshoot as well.
Analyze our processes and instigate changes to help scale our operations and improve user experience
Work closely with other Stripe teams to assist with system implementations for billings, collections, and assist with internal and external ad-hoc audit support.
Help scale and optimize our processes by assisting with the execution of key projects and programs.
Gain unique insights into various businesses on Stripe scale and operate
Can quickly learn the Stripe ways of working and make a real impact through process enhancements.
Be a part of building a brand-new team and operational culture for Stripe
Assist with monthly and quarterly flux analysis of key metrics
Assist with ad hoc projects

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

4-5  years of relevant financial operationsbilling experience or 3 years of customer service experience with a degree in Business Administration, Finance, or relevant field.
Excellent communication and organizational skills, both written and verbal.
Excellent problem-solving skills and demonstrated ability to work independently, analyze problems and data sets to make complex investigation decisions
Strong knowledge of gSuite tools, Salesforce and MS-Office products and experience working withanalyzing contracts and large data sets.
Independently analyze and evaluate information from various data sources to determine a course of action for a matched case
Demonstrated experience partnering with cross-functional stakeholders
Demonstrated history of taking on various types of challenging projects and producing results
Solution-oriented mindset with enthusiasm for establishing best practices
Self-disciplined, diligent, proactive and detail oriented

Preferred qualifications

Knowledge in payments and the fintech industry
The ability to be flexible and comfortable with changing requirements
A builders mindset and a willingness to question assumptions and conventional wisdom
