Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Billing Experience team builds user-facing products that help people quickly start, efficiently operate, and easily scale any business model without code or complex integrations. Our users depend on our products to make it easy for themselves and their customers to manage subscriptions, invoices, and payments. We deliver these capabilities at scale to manage millions of payments a day, for businesses ranging from exciting, fast moving startups to large, world-spanning companies. We aim to make it possible for a merchant to launch their business on Stripe Billing in a single afternoon by providing clear, intuitive, and cohesive no-code experiences to both merchants and their end customers. 
What youll do
Were looking for an experienced Staff Growth Engineer to join our team and lead initiatives focused on accelerating the growth of Stripe Billing. In this role, you will be responsible for defining and implementing data-driven strategies to improve user acquisition, adoption, and retention across many of Stripes user-facing surfaces. As the teams first growth engineer, you will help foster a culture of experimentation and data-driven decision making, and define best practices that enable the team to iterate and learn in increasingly tight feedback loops. You will excel in this role if youre a growth-focused full stack engineer who can collaborate effectively across multiple teams and functions to deliver results.
Responsibilities

Lead by example by designing and implementing experiments across all of the surfaces that Billing Experiences owns, including the Stripe dashboard, hosted surfaces, and docs.
Partner closely with engineering, product, and design leadership to define our growth and experimentation strategy.
Establish best practices, frameworks, and repeatable processes that enable us to measure the impact of every feature that we ship.
Foster a culture of experimentation and data-driven decision making on the team and the broader organization.
Build a deep understanding of our data, and identify opportunities to track additional metrics or build new data pipelines to further operationalize growth.
Work in a variety of languages and technologies, including Ruby, Java, Typescript, React, and GraphQL.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

6 years of experience as in full time software development roles.
2 years of experience working in a growth-focused role or team.
A deep understanding of AB testing techniques and experimentation methodologies.
You can work effectively across the stack from top to bottom, comfortably navigating codebases with different languages and tools.
Youre equally as comfortable shipping user-facing experiences as you are writing custom queries to analyze experiment results.
Youre self-directed and can operate autonomously across multiple teams to deliver scaled impact.
Experience as a technical lead, including defining the roadmap for complex projects spanning multiple teams and functions.
Experience mentoring and growing senior engineers as their technical leader.

Preferred qualifications

10 years of experience in full time software development roles
(Bonus) Experience with machine learning
