Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the Internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Compliance Management team is responsible for managing Technology compliance, controls and risk initiatives at Stripe. We have a team of technical program managers who focus on driving compliance within Stripe against industryregulatory standards and helping us achieve compliance against them. Program managers in the team not only work on leading audit efforts to completion but also maintain strong relationships with internal stakeholders to support and answer compliance questions.
What youll do
 
You will be a subject matter expert in Technology Risk and Controls Management and will be responsible to build and maintain Stripes Technology Risk Register and associated controls. You will have technical discussions with our engineering teams to understand Stripes technology risks, perform risk and control assessments and articulate technology risk to our leadership in a quantifiable manner. In this role you will also be responsible to update andor maintain existing risk reports that satisfy regulatory requirements.
 
Responsibilities

Build a comprehensive Technology Risk Register by interviewing the various teams in Engineering
Conduct Risk and Control Assessments on an ongoing basis to help identify areas of high risk to focus on.
Partner with Regulatory Compliance to maintain multiple reportsrisk matrices required to satisfy regulatory obligations
Work closely with internal teams at Stripe to design, document, monitor and update technical controls
Partner with Compliance leads to integrate controls to the Risk universe

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. 
Minimum requirements

3 years of experience in technology controls, risk and compliance management
At least 2 years of experience working in technology risk management (Identification, Analysis, Evaluation and Treatment)
Solid understanding of security risks, threats, and in developing effective and measurable mitigation programs
A growth mind-set to help scale risk and compliance initiatives for the future of Stripe
Strong ability to report risk related information in a relevantactionable way to Engineering
Working knowledge of common risk management frameworks (NIST, COBIT, etc.)
Ability to communicate technology risk to a wide variety of stakeholders (management, processcontrol owners, business etc.)
Solid understanding of security risks, threats, and in developing effective and measurable mitigation programs
Experience building and managing relationships with internal stakeholders and driving all parties towards an optimal outcome
