Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Stripe Workplace team creates and operates inspiring, comfortable, and innovative spaces that bring Stripes culture and values to life and provide a foundation for achieving our mission. In this role, you will be part of the small (but mighty!) team that determines and executes on our real estate strategy worldwide. We expect you to be ambitious, collaborative, adaptable, and have a positive attitude. This role reports to the Head of Real Estate Strategy, based in Chicago.
What youll do
Were looking for an organized, flexible, and detail-oriented person whos enthusiastic for both the practical and creative elements of strategic workplace planning. Stripe is growing rapidly, and our Space Planner will play a critical role in managing and maximizing efficient workspace utilization across our global facilities. In this role, youll have the unique opportunity to scale and shape Stripes workspace environment while working collaboratively with stakeholders from across the company.
Responsibilities

Monitor the overall balance of regional real estate portfolio, predict and identify where and when we will have an imbalance of space, and proactively drive solutions that balance local needs with what is best for Stripe
Spearhead efforts to understand headcount growth by business unit by location, creating analytical frameworks and reports to facilitate real estate recommendations
Gather  evaluate real estate market  portfolio scenarios, staying up to date on market changes and researching market, companies, landlords,  potential subtenants 
Prepare, recommend and implement geo-specific real estate strategies from business case to site selection through lease execution. Develop needs assessments and market analyses, propose deal structure, and drive negotiation of leases, serviced office agreements, and sublease agreements
Liaise with Mobility, Tax, Regulatory, Employment Legal, Finance, Accounting and other cross-functional teams on the impacts real estate on business operations
Create written analyses, documents and presentations including but not limited to: project initiation documentation, market reports, RFPs, proposal comparison spreadsheets, letters of intent 
Perform detailed document review of all lease documents in partnership with internal and external Legal

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

8 years experience on a Workplace or Real Estate team with experience working on complex deal negotiations and lease transactions, preferably at a high-growth company
Superior negotiation and leasing skills, with understanding of legal complexities (JD not required)
Strong analytical skills, the demonstrated ability to ask the right questions and to use sound business judgment
Strategic thinker who excels at finding creative solutions to short and long term questions, and writing clear and compelling business cases
The ability to maintain high performance while managing multiple projects under tight timelines, and a roll up your sleeves mindset to get any job done
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, able to progress projects asynchronously across timezones through written channels. 
Excellent project management skills - ability to multitask, prioritize, and manage deadlines with autonomy
Able to effectively coordinate a wide variety of stakeholders and build relationships with a diverse range of people and job functionslevels. 
The ability and willingness to travel for work as needed, including to international destinations, and to work across time zones as is necessary.

 