We believe there are too many barriers to doing business on the internet, and that opportunities are not equally distributed throughout the world. We also think building and growing a business online is a problem rooted in code, language, and design—not finance.
Stripes mission is to increase the GDP of the internet and expand economic access globally. Were designing tools and infrastructure to help our users start, run, and scale an online business from anywhere in the world. Thats where you come in: were looking for a diverse set of designers of many disciplines, skills, backgrounds, and specialties to join our growing Design team.
The design team works across most projects at Stripe—from our brand voice and websites to events, web and mobile products, and even printed publications. And since Stripes main audience is other people who build products, we agonize over and take pride in crafting user-friendly and user-focused experiences.
About the team
You will be joining the Risk team that keeps our users businesses and Stripe safe from financial and reputational losses. This team is responsible for building experiences and tools that make it easier for users to get enabled on Stripe and run their businesses smoothly with minimal disruptions by making it easier to manage their risk and compliance states.  
What youll do
In this role you will have the opportunity to understand the needs of our customers, design, build and test strategic solutions that would help more people get started and run their businesses successfully on Stripe. You will work closely with a cross functional team across design, product, engineering, marketing, research and data science to drive outcomes. 
Responsibilities: 

Build a deep understanding of risk  compliance experiences across different types of businesses, synthesize data and research into clear user problems. 
Think holistically across all Stripe surfaces and touchpoints, and develop an opinionated strategy to solve problems along with short term tactics.
Partner with a cross-functional team of PMs, engineers, researchers, operations and strategists amongst others to execute on a product roadmap that drives user and business outcomes. 

Who you are:

Have a process that is driven by user needs and have a strong service design approach to solving complex business problems . 
Know how to balance framing high-level UX strategy while executing at low levels of detail.
Have a high bar for quality and craft in visual and interaction design.  
Comfortable thinking through holistic experiences across multiple surfaces and touchpoints. 
Proactively collaborate with design and other cross functional peers.  
Demonstrate autonomy and resilience on a fast-paced team. 

You may be fit for this role if you:

Can reduce complex problems down to the right balance of flexibility, power, and ease of use
Have experience designing for business and developer-focused products
Keep pushing your work until all details are attended to
Are skilled in explaining your work, process, and decisions to cross-functional stakeholders and crave feedback to help you produce your best work
Are an expert in either UI, UX, or visual design, but skilled in more disciplines across product design
You care about details and are excited to keep pushing your work until is pixel-perfect
Think in systems and are able to extrapolate and extend shared patterns and behaviors
Love working with other designers to help them learn and grow—and have them help you learn and grow
Are uncompromisingly service-minded towards our users and your colleagues, but able to set and achieve priorities that find the perfect balance between benefiting the project, the Design team, and all of Stripe
Have 5 years relevant design experience at a tech, product-driven company

You should include these in your application:

A link to your online portfolio
Your CV or LinkedIn profile
A few words about why Stripe is interesting to you
