Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
What youll do
 
Responsibilities
Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
What youll do
The Partner Risk Operations team is looking for an experienced risk professional to join an industry leading global operations team to spearhead our Card Program Operations team. This person will develop, manage and execute on high impact initiatives with regard to card partner risk programs.
The Risk team plays a critical role in ensuring a healthy financial eco-system for businesses around the world. We are looking to hire an experienced risk professional who is passionate about managing people, the payments ecosystem, educating others in complex areas of risk and is comfortable working to meet deadlines for Financial Partners. The right candidate for this role will have a minimum of 5 years experience in risk management within ecommerce or payments and possess a deep understanding of the payments ecosystem, card network programs,, and have demonstrated financial partner management experience.
Responsibilities

Manage a team that drives long-term, strategic initiatives and projects that involve our acquiring and card network partners.
Develop a team of analysts and their strategic projects to minimize risk of card fines while maintaining 
Work with merchants, from successful venture-backed startups to well established institutions; evaluating their business model risk and compliance risk drivers.
Help manage Stripes portfolio by developing a deep understanding of card programs across industries, geographies, and partner models;
Manage multiple projects to enhance and optimize operational strategy systems and tools;
Partner with multiple stakeholders and cross functional teams (Operations Leadership, Operations Managers, Product, Engineering, Partnerships, Support, Sales, etc) to prioritize and maximize the impact of your projects;
Leverage an analytical mindset. Collect data, user feedback, and market research and use that to improve processes.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements



At least 5 years of operations experience within Risk or Compliance 
Experienced people leadermanager combined with managing partnerships with global card networks or equivalent strategic, complex key partners
Experience managing programs that involve reporting and driving action at scale
Expertise in Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCIDSS) and Cardholder Data management
A proven track record of working effectively in a product-centric environment with significant internal and external dependencies
Deep understanding of card networks and payments ecosystem risk
Experience partnering with external stakeholders specifically Financial Partners and Card Networks
The ability to prioritize and guide individuals through competing demands and complex problems
An operationally focused mindset, with an ability to see a project through to success using planning, metrics and effective communication
Proficiency with data analysis tools
Experience working in the payments industry or at a leading technology company


