Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripes infrastructure powers businesses all over the world. Our customers trust us with their businesses and livelihoods, and every request that stripe handles is critical. We process billions of dollars every year for millions of users, from the largest enterprises to a startup making their first sale. That is why both world-class reliability and seamless infrastructure scale are considered table stakes to support massive economic transactions for our customers.Our team owns the core preventative reliability platforms and tools used by infrastructure and product teams across the company. Our load testing platform enables traffic generation and monitoring to ensure products are prepared to handle surges in usage, our chaos platform enables product and infrastructure experimentation to validate system resiliency and operational excellence, and our end-to-end testing platform enables change management safeguards as well as active monitoring. These are just a few examples of the internal platforms that have gone from ideation to broad adoption within our team.
What youll do
Were looking for an experienced distributed systems engineer with outstanding technical and leadership skills, strong collaboration skills and huge passion for customers to help deliver the  foundation of our reliability infrastructure and work with various teams and across the entire stack to deliver world-class reliability solutions. In this role youll not only be in charge of designing, implementing and testing your reliability infrastructure components, but youll play an influential role in enabling engineering teams to make their services more reliable by identifying, creating, and deploying engineering practices, processes, and solutions.
Responsibilities

Design, build, test and operationalize end to end reliability infrastructure and solutions that will be integrated into various services.
Liaise with teams using this core infrastructure to ensure it meets their needs and expectations.
Debug production issues across services and levels of the stack, including managing an on-call pager rotation.
Plan for the growth of Stripes reliability infrastructure
Mentor other engineers in the organization and review code
Manage projects, including measuring impact and success of the project, and creating a maintenance and reliability plan for the future

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

9 years of engineering experience or equivalent combined work experience reflecting domain expertise
Hands-on experience designing and building large scale distributed systems.
Demonstrated experience of leading initiatives spanning multiple teams and leveraging deep domain expertise to influence tech roadmap planning and execution
Demonstrated ability to effectively collaborate across multiple teams and stakeholders to drive business outcomes
Experience, mentoring, and investing in the development of engineers and peers

Preferred qualifications

Genuine interest andor experience in debugging and troubleshooting complex distributed systems problems. 
Familiarity with the common patterns and practices for building reliable software.
Experience with Kubernetes, Golang, React, Scala, Ruby, Java or Python is a plus.
