Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Compliance Applications team develops high quality products and services for Stripe and its customers that address compliance requirements within Stripes technology organization. The team is a power user of platforms provided by Technology Compliance, Infrastructure, and Security groups, and a catalyst for engineering teams to develop efficient controls using those platforms.  
What youll do
You will join one of the teams behind infrastructure platforms used by engineering, security, and business partners at Stripe. As a Senior Engineer, you will be responsible for the design and implementation of high quality compliance applications for internal and external customers of Stripe, while ensuring these applications are reliable and prepared to scale with Stripes growth.
You will build solutions that may be from scratch, built on top of in-house platforms, or leveraging 3rd party solutions. We partner closely with internal infrastructure and security teams, and business partners representing end customers. We expect that working along the teams technical leaders, you will be  able to understand their needs and build software that best meets their needs.  We are a highly effective team, consistently delivering high-impact results while genuinely caring for each other.  
Were looking for engineers with a background in product development, and who are interested in delivering great user experience products to internal and external customers. Wed love to hear from you whether youve been working in compliance, security, or infrastructure your whole career, or would like to try your skill set in a new-to-you compliance and infrastructure engineering domain. 
Responsibilities

As a full stack engineer, you will design, build and maintain products and features supporting compliance use cases at Stripe
Partner with the organizations Tech Leads to plan for growth of compliance platform infrastructure. 
Build new applications on top of Stripes existing compliance infrastructure, and collaborate with teams that build that infrastructure on designing and prioritizing new platform features
Partner with other infrastructure and security teams to use and provide feedback on APIs that provide security and compliance functionality
Design and implement applications that address specific compliance use cases at Stripe
Build a great customer experience for developers and business partners using your products

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

4 years of engineering experience OR equivalent combined work experience reflecting domain expertise as relevant to this position 
Experience in building products and features centered around users needs
A strong technical background gained through education or on-the-job experiences
Willingness and availability to work onsite from our Dublin HQ office at least 50 time

Preferred qualifications (if applicable)

Experience in product development and design
Interest in optimizing the reliability, latency, and UX of user-facing front-end applications
Ability to work effectively with a diverse group of people, genuinely caring for each other and contributing to high level of psychological safety for all team members and partners
Problem-solving skills, determination, and a growth mindset

Its not expected that youll have deep expertise in every dimension above, but you should be interested in learning any of the areas that are less familiar.