Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Operations Technology team is responsible for building the infrastructure to help our Operations (e.g. Customer Experience) organization scale.  Businesses that run on Stripe - from fledgling upstarts to household names - place significant trust in Stripe to accelerate their success. This makes our user-facing teams, and the software layer that connects them with users, mission-critical: users need fast, accurate and contextualized answers to their questions - 247 - over phone, chat, and email. Our Technology team partners with our product and engineering teams to identify, scope, and prioritize agent tooling and product requests. From support site and self-serve optimization, to ticket routing across contact channels, to agent diagnostic and resolution tools, the Technology teams mandate is expansive (2K support agents) and the biggest lever for improving our overall support experience. 
What youll do
As an Ops Technology Program Manager, you will be responsible for deeply understanding Ops priorities and metrics, translating those priorities to tooling needs, and driving change at the intersection of Operations and our partner engineering teams. 
Were looking for folks who are laser-focused on metrics, seek to find the win-win with cross functional stakeholders, have demonstrated technical aptitude, and have incredible horsepower.
Responsibilities

Own problems from end to end, managing complexity to scope and execute tooling and product requests within SLA
Understand user, agent, and partner organization pain points
Utilize SQL to pull, analyze and articulate quantifiable business impact
Translate business needs into technical requirements
Work with support agents and product engineers to debug technical issues
Partner with the product and engineering teams to prioritize asks and assist in high-level technical designs
Assess and communicate implications of engineering ships to the Operations organization
Execute on our technical roadmaps with urgency and focus
Build scalable solutions and processes to optimize workflows and help hit metrics

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

8 years in program management, preferably at high-growth technology company with a track record of top performance
A track record of leading end-to-end execution of projectsprograms that deliver quantifiable business impact
Experience distilling complex needs to simple interfaces, and who are comfortable learning new technologies and systems
Strong critical thinking and data-analysis skills, including SQL capability
Enthusiasm to dive deep to understand the root cause of issues
Initiative to propose creative solutions to cross-functional partners, especially in an engineering and product environment
An enjoyment in solving complex and hard problems and can turn incomplete, conflicting, or ambiguous inputs into solid action plans
A desire to work in a fast-paced environment while balancing multiple priorities
Strong written and verbal communication skills with a talent for articulating user challenges with precision

Preferred qualifications

A deep understanding of Operations or Support organizations
Experience with payments-related products or with technical platforms
Familiarity with CRM andor customer care software
Experience partnering directly with product and engineering teams throughout the product development lifecycle andor go-to-market
Experience in strategy consulting or finance
Experience in a high-growth technology company
Experience in other user-facing roles (e.g. customer support, sales, etc) that require time-sensitive responses

 