Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Strategic Operations team is Stripes secret sauce. This team focuses on our most critical and strategic cross-company projects. This team will be a key drivers of Stripes overall company strategy, will design and run our company-wide operating system, and own key strategic projects in partnership with our senior-most leaders.
Within Strategic Operations, our Company Operations team is laser-focused on crafting and improving our internal operating model and operating mechanisms (i.e. Stripes company-wide forums, frameworks, run the business processes, etc) and leading change management efforts to drive adoption of shared processes and tools across the organization. This is a highly cross-functional individual contributor role, and will be a critical lever for us to improve on Stripes operational excellence and better deliver on our mission to increase the GDP of the internet.
What youll do
In this role, youll have a unique opportunity to shape Stripe, helping develop, plan and implement large-scale initiatives focused on improving operational effectiveness. On any given day, this could mean thinking through how we communicate and report progress on company priorities, to driving improvements in our decision-making practices.  
A successful Program Manager will have experience leading complex, cross-functional programs spanning many stakeholders teams (both business and technical), and has helped shape and land substantive change within a fast-paced organization. They are able to distill complexity into clarity, are curious, driven, focused, and detail-oriented, and can influence without authority to help coalesce groups around shared goals.
Responsibilities

Work on cross-cutting projects to drive operational excellence at Stripe, and to help us evolve and improve upon the companys internal operating rhythm  
Craft and lead programs, processes and communications to manage and land change within the organization
Define and own scalable, repeatable change management playbooks, tools, templates, and techniques  
Develop leader enablement programming, empowering leaders and managers to partner as change agents in landing critical company priorities 
Partner directly with senior leaders and cross-functional teams to accelerate progress, solve hard scaling initiatives, and incubate new programs and processes

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

You have 6 years of experience in a highly strategic, analytical and operational role in fast-paced environments 
You have experience leading and scaling change management andor project management efforts for complex, cross-org initiatives
You have exceptional communication skills (in-person, virtual, and written), and an ability to seamlessly interact with and influence stakeholders across all levels of an organization 
You are results-oriented and have a proven track record of delivering exceptional, quantifiable business impact
You enjoy navigating complex projects and challenges, and thrive in ambiguous situations

Preferred qualifications

Experience in a high growth technology company
Experience in organizational change management or strategy consulting
