Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Communications team builds and protects Stripes brand and influence across the world. Were looking for a highly organized, fast learning colleague who can make our teams operational processes work as brilliantly as possible—and wholl enjoy getting hands on with some of our creative work too.
Were very proud of the deep expertise in the team—from product, corporate, and internal communications, to publishing, social media, video, and more—and are always mindful of how much more we have to learn. In Stripe Comms, youll work with some of the most skilled, curious, and thoughtful colleagues of your career, wholl be equally eager to learn from you.
What youll do
The Communications Coordinator runs the systems and process-related projects that are critical to our effectiveness and efficiency as a team. Youll collaborate with individuals across our global team to identify and maximize opportunities to strengthen our day to day operations, leverage metrics and reporting, and foster deeper organization across this fast-moving function. Its an ever-changing environment, and so youll be comfortable contributing to projects of varying scope, leveraging data to support fast decision-making in ambiguity, and ensuring updates are shared across different stakeholders. While were proud of our current work, there are countless opportunities to improve—youll be adept at spotting these and making them happen.
Responsibilities

Oversee our email alias used by journalists and others to contact Stripe. Field and manage inbound requests, which include:

Evaluating event speaking requests 
Routing media inquiries to the right team member across different time zones
Identifying and routing user issues to the appropriate support team


Manage communications channels and tools used within our team (email aliases, Slack channels, Confluence pages, subscription and media lists, etc.)
Leverage data to measure our impact and share updates, including monthly performance snapshots, weekly round-ups of media coverage, and our global comms calendar
Support creative production on our biggest and most complex projects
Partner with Stripes comms leaders to scope and deliver new initiatives that will increase our effectiveness and efficiency
Act as secretariat for key team meetings, including owning the agenda and pre-reads, taking and sharing notes, and following up on actions
Work with new hires and vendors to ensure great onboarding

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

2-3 years of experience in a high-growth andor B2B environment.
Stellar written and verbal communication skills.
An ability to juggle multiple, fast-moving, and high-priority projects at once.
Willingness to ask questions, take action, get creative, and think ahead.
Off-the-charts prioritization, project management, and organizational skills.
Interest in, and excitement about, how the media works.
Demonstrated track record as a fast and enthusiastic learner.

Preferred qualifications

Some exposure to the work of communications teams (for example, having partnered with comms teams previously)
Deep curiosity about productivity tools, including LLMs
