Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
 
About the team
Stripe is looking for a leader to join its Financial Crimes Operations team. This role is directly responsible for growing and coaching our Financial Crimes team. 
 
What youll do
As Stripes user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we are looking for someone who is passionate about people and operations to help build teams in our new Stripe Delivery Center (SDC), a centralized operational hub of Stripes. We are looking for someone who is passionate about fighting financial crime, preferably within e-commerce or payments, and who possesses a deep understanding of AML risk mitigation techniques. This person will cultivate the engagement of their team members while guiding them to be the best financial crime investigators they can be, through feedback, coaching, mentoring, and advocacy within the organization. This means helping to set team goals, and using metrics to efficiently measure and guide team performance in pursuit of those goals.
 
Stripe is both a technology company and a financial services company, and you will need to be comfortable straddling both of those worlds every day.  The right person for the role will enjoy dealing with that puzzle, seeking creative solutions and moving quickly, often in the face of ambiguity. You will have a strong operations mindset, be passionate about people management, drive strong quality standards, and have deep expertise in financial crimes investigations and research techniques. 
 
Responsibilities

Recruit, manage, coach, and develop a new team of in-office AMLEDDPEP Operations Associates 
Guide your team in completing AML investigations, reviews and identifying money laundering, terrorism financing, and or sanction risks 
Drive strong operational delivery and process improvement helping to mitigate financial crimes risk while balancing operational efficiency and user impact
Identify gaps in current systems, policies and strategies, and recommend enhancements and process improvements to mitigate risks
Provide guidance and coaching on risks that are relevant to all of Stripes geographies, i.e., North America, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and European markets
Build a great culture and ensure team members are happy, effective, and growing in their career
Set clear goals and direction, and provide regular feedback on team members performance
Be data-driven in your analysis of performance, and in your decision making

 
Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
 
Minimum requirements

Minimum of 5 years experience leading financial crimes teams
Managed teams of at least 50 people across levels with focus on building capability
Minimum of 10 Years of Experience with payments, risk, compliance, and  or financial services industry operations.
Expertise in AML regulations and best practices 
Knowledge of financial crime regulatory frameworks, inclusive of BSA Patriot Act, OFAC, and EU Anti-Money Laundering Directives
Experience working cross-functionally with multiple teams to deliver high impact initiatives 
Experience in delivering weekly and monthly business metrics and reporting
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
An ability to partner effectively with internal stakeholders
Background of identifying and remediating quality gaps in team performance
Passion for process improvement and innovation

 
Preferred qualifications 

Experience in building and scaling new teams from zero 


Strong operational background including new process launch, service delivery in a high growth technology company
Familiarity with the financial crime technology stack (including watchlist management systems, case management tooling, transaction monitoring and screening)  

 