Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
This role will be part of the Marketing Operations in the Stripe Delivery Center (SDC) that is accountable for the production and delivery of all aspects of email demand and lead generation activities, lead nurturing, and conversion programs. As Stripes user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we have distinctly unique support problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with. The SDC provides operational leverage and expand Stripes portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs for our Stripe Marketing Team.
What youll do
This role will be part of the Marketing Operations in SDC that is accountable for the production and delivery of all aspects of email demand and lead generation activities, lead nurturing, and conversion programs. 
We are looking for someone who is passionate about Marketing Automation and is naturally curious, and is comfortable operating in ambiguity and finding creative solutions. You will be responsible for the delivery of repeatable, measurable programscampaigns that focus on highly qualified leads, improve the customer experience, and increase retention.
Responsibilities

Build, test and launch complex email and nurture campaigns in Marketo
Perform test runs and quality control with strong attention to detail
Conduct advanced AB testing on email and landing page assets and, suggest testing opportunities
Identify gaps in our marketing automation infrastructure and work cross functionally to address them (ex. Program structure inefficiencies, process flaws, etc)
Scope, manage and deliver email campaigns from intake to execution
Create Marketo programs to support email sends, landing pages, and form processing
Maintain a library of core assets such as images, files, links, and program templates
Ensure reportability of email marketing campaign results
Create database queries and smart lists; manage audiences  segmentations
Maintain and optimize email marketing processes
Align with central and regional Marketing Operation team members on process, workflows, policies, execution and enablement

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

3 years of experience in  end to end email marketing, production and execution within a marketing operations or digital marketing organization
Strong track record using marketing automation tools; Marketo a must
Solid analytical skills and a strong understanding of technical concepts
Experienced in HTML and CSS concepts (email and web)
Strong service orientation and attention to detail
Able to manage multiple stakeholders and priorities simultaneously
Solid project management and organizational skills
Able to work cross functionally and globally
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

 