Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripes mission is to build the economic infrastructure for the internet. Risk Engineering brings together machine learning with product development to lower Stripes financial and regulatory risk at scale, while retaining a best in class user experience. We build ML and backend systems to catch fraudsters, understand users cash flow and financial health, and ensure Stripes users are compliant with regulatory and financial partner requirements. We protect Stripes brand while also protecting the company from financial losses that can put Stripes business at risk.
The Risk group consists of machine learning, backend, and full stack engineers who tackle this problem through creative new product ideas, impactful machine learning models and scalable infrastructure. We are undertaking several new efforts, where you can have an outsized impact on the architecture, implementation, and design choices behind these systems.
What youll do
Responsibilities

Design elegant risk-oriented abstractions that other Stripe engineers will be using to easily integrate with our risk management systems
Collaborate with other engineers across Stripes machine learning, risk, and data science teams to ensure the abstractions you design will work for their needs 
Build and run systems that expose these abstractions in easily accessible ways to engineering teams across Risk and the rest of Stripe
Contribute to the overall safety of Stripe by helping other teams think more holistically about how their systems introduce new and handle existing risk 
Debug production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Have at least 2 years of professional software engineering experience 
Enjoy and have experience building scalable, high performance backend systems 
Enjoy and have experience building systems with clean abstractions and a high quality developer experience 
Hold yourself and others to a high bar when working with production systems
Take pride in working on projects to successful completion involving a wide variety of technologies and systems 
Thrive in a collaborative environment involving different stakeholders and subject matter experts 
Enjoy working with a diverse group of people with different expertise
