Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
In this role, youll be joining the New Hire Programs (NHP) Team. The NHP team is responsible for creating effective and delightful new hire experiences at Stripe. Overall, our goal is to create a comprehensive and personalized onboarding experience that fosters a sense of community and facilitates rapid ramp to productivity for new hires. 
What youll do
Youll be helping the new hire programs team support Stripes growth by coordinating the logistical details for our global employee onboarding program. This role will be based on-site in Dublin. 
Responsibilities

Manage the logistics of scheduling onboarding sessions, facilitators and participants for EMEA
Set up rooms and spaces for IRL onboarding
Coordinate and confirm facilitators and speakers who run our live sessions; including our functional onboarding partners
Manage communications to participants and their teammates
Provide positive user experience as you answer questions and address issues for new Stripes 

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

3 years of scheduling or coordination experience
Previous experience in a fast-paced environment
Ability to be a team player; adept at working with multiple people at any given time
Incredible organizational skills; superb attention to detail
Flexibility: able to shift tasks and priorities in a big way at the drop of a hat; comfortable working with ambiguity
Creativity and is process-driven: youre constantly looking for ways to make things work more efficiently
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with an appropriate blend of professionalism and friendliness
Ability to connect and interact with different types of people

Preferred qualifications

 You are able to work with a high degree of autonomy and limited supervision
You are familiar with some of our core tools: Workday, Intellum, G Suite, Zoom, Slack
You enjoy documenting and improving workflows
You enjoy presenting or facilitating and can step in as needed 
