Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Collecting and filing sales  indirect taxes is a classic area for technology disruption. Companies selling across countries, states, and even smaller jurisdictions have to navigate through a myriad of tax rates, product-level tax exemptions, filing requirements, and registration obligations. The rules are constantly changing, and not accurately calculating and filing tax can have legal ramifications.  
Its no surprise then that solving for tax compliance is a top user ask. We launched Stripe Tax as a new SaaS product in 2021 to help solve this pain point and make tax compliance as effortless as possible. The Stripe Tax Experience team is entirely Europe-based and focuses on the user- and merchant-facing Stripe Tax product, with a focus on the calculations component of Stripe Tax. Its still early days, and were looking for strong software engineers to help build our product and business.
 
What youll do
Were looking for a seasoned technical leader with a strong background or interest in building successful products and systems. As a staff engineer, youll work with engineering managers, senior engineers, and cross-functional partners to design the technical underpinnings of Stripes newest products. At the same time, youll have plenty of opportunities to be hands-on building key systems, and will be directly responsible for the successful delivery of large-scale technical efforts as well acting as a technical mentor and leader for other engineers.
Responsibilities

Work with engineers  technical leaders across the company to ship interoperable products on strong foundations
Work with a wide range of systems, processes, and technologies to own and solve problems from end-to-end.
Build experiences for businesses that range from high growth startups to leading global companies providing them with the tools so they can run their business and not worry about tax.
Improve engineering standards, tooling and processes
Develop and lead the team to execute against both short-term and long-term roadmaps.
Make effective tradeoffs that consider business priorities, user experience, and a sustainable technical foundation
Identify, scope, and lead large technical projects, laying the groundwork for early-stage products to iteratively evolve and scale, and taming complexity and shoring up reliability of existing systems
Advise Stripe leadership on key technology and product roadmap considerations
Align our technical decisions with Stripes broad strategic initiatives, while also advocating for needs specific to emerging new businesses
Work with engineers across the company to understand when existing infrastructure can be leveraged vs. when building a bespoke solution is prudent

 
Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

10 years of experience shipping high-quality products
An entrepreneurial mindset
Thrived in a highly collaborative environment involving different stakeholders and subject matter experts
Comfortable in Ruby on Rails, navigating codebases with different languages and tools
Experience as a technical lead for large projects (6 months in length), including defining the roadmap for complex projects spanning multiple teams and functions
Ability to internalise the best ideas from across the organisation, humbly setting a vision that others are excited to get behind
Ability to work well cross-functionally and earn trust from co-workers at all levels.
Experience mentoring and growing senior engineers as their technical leader

Preferred qualifications

Have experience in ensuring great user experience and ease of use of features and products you build.
Have experience with financial product companies and interest in financial products and markets.
Served as the technical lead and defined the roadmap for complex projects spanning multiple teams and functions.
Experience with Elixir is a plus
