Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Corporate Accounting works across teams to distill the scale and complexity of Stripes operations into clear and insightful financial reporting. Quick and accurate close and reporting processes are foundational to our understanding of business performance. You will play an integral role in shaping the evolution of our close processes and systems in accounting areas such as operating expenses, prepaids, accruals, fixed assets, leases, debt, investments, equity, stock-based compensation, and close management. You will also advise on the accounting implications of new initiatives and transactions. 
What youll do
Stripe builds the economic infrastructure for the internet. We handle hundreds of billions of dollars each year and enable millions of users around the world to scale faster and more efficiently by building their businesses on Stripe. To further this important mission, we are seeking an International Controller to serve as a key member of the finance leadership team. Stripes Accounting team is a global organization with Stripes in San Francisco, Seattle, New York, Dublin, Singapore and Bangalore India.  This role reports to the Worldwide Controller and will be a senior leader of the Accounting organization. 
The ideal candidate will have extensive experience in a high growth technology or financial services company, with deep expertise of international operations and compliance.  They will be a leader who will manage and develop a team that can scale quickly and efficiently, and who conveys the energy and credibility to accomplish our goals.  
The candidate will be responsible for supporting the fast growing, dynamic all aspects of the financial, statutory, and internal reporting processes, financial systems, internal controls, and business support. In this role, you will partner with our global Accounting, Finance, Financial Systems, RegulatoryCompliance Legal and Tax teams. 
Responsibilities

Build scalable accounting processes to support rapid global growth in our international locations. 
Manage multiple accounting teams across APAC, EMEA  LATAM, lead cross-functional initiatives and communicate progress effectively with senior management.
Provide guidance to help build and scale the legal entity controllership function out of our Global Finance Center (GFC) in Bangalore India and provide general oversight with respect to global standards, policy, strategy and prioritization. 
Partner with Legal, Finance, Risk, Compliance, and Tax to support expansion efforts to new markets. 
Own the statutory audit process for our international legal entities. 
Oversee the finance reporting obligations related to our international regulatory licenses. 
Manage the relationships with our local service providers, including execution of in-housing certain local service provider activities. 
Own the financial statements for our international legal entities - monthly close, balance sheet reconciliations, supporting schedules, flux analysis, and reporting deliverables.
Partner with Financial Systems, Tax, Finance and Strategy and Legal teams to support automation, legal entity governance and expansion to new markets.
Perform technical accounting analysis under US and local GAAP. 
Maintain up-to-date accounting policies and procedures.
Partner with Legal, Corporate Accounting, Risk and others to scope requirements and build processes for ESG requirements around the globe. 
Build and develop high performing teams around the globe.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

An accountancy qualification with 20 years of relevant practice and private industry experience
Degree in Accounting or Finance and CPA (or equivalent)
Proven experience in the monthly close process and exposure to accounting systems.
Strong analytical skills and comfortability managing through ambiguous situations
Demonstrated track record of successfully managing cross-functional initiatives.
Demonstrated track record of maintaining the compliance and good standing of legal entities across multiple jurisdictions. 
Experience managing global teams through day-to-day and large initiatives.
Fluency with U.S. GAAP and the ability to prepare relevant technical accounting memos and drive alignment with stakeholders to resolution.
Excellent project management, communication and organizational skills.
