Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripe Tax is one of Stripes most requested products and has grown rapidly since it launched in 2021.  The product solves an urgent need for almost everyone that sells something online. We provide solutions for calculating and reporting sales tax, VAT, and GST for over 40 countries. The product integrates seamlessly with other Stripe products but can also be used by merchants not using Stripe for payments. Were rapidly expanding our feature set while were scaling our engineering infrastructure to handle the increased traffic that were seeing as a result of our growth.
What youll do
Were looking for people with a strong background or interest in building successful products and systems; youre comfortable in dealing with lots of moving pieces; you have exquisite attention to detail; and youre comfortable learning new technologies and systems.
Responsibilities

Build end-to-end experiences that make it as easy as possible to participate in the internet economy in a tax compliant manner.
Work on several parts of our systems, ranging from frontend, to backend, to infrastructure and operations, while optionally specializing in certain areas.
Be an active contributor in editing the company, ranging from how to improve our team processes, mentoring other engineers, and partaking in planning and strategy discussions with the ultimate goal of better serving our customers

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

5 years of professional experience in engineering or related fields.
Familiarity with some no-SQL databases (MongoDB preferred)
Enjoy being a generalist working on both the frontend, backend, and anything it takes to solve problems and delight users both internally and externally
Thrive in a collaborative environment involving different stakeholders and subject matter experts
Take pride in working on projects to successful completion involving a wide variety of technologies and systems
Ability to stitch together many different services and processes together even if you have not worked with them before
Ability to put yourself in the shoes of your users and be a steward of crafting great experiences
Enjoy working with a diverse group of people with different expertise
Ability to uphold best practices in engineering, security, and design

Preferred qualifications

Proficiency in Ruby and TypeScript.
Professional experience working with relational databases (e.g., MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.)
