Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Support Experience engineering teams build and improve Stripes user support from end to end: how users get help within our products, how they get in touch with us when they have questions, and how our teams use internal tools to answer those questions. Were accountable for the quality and reliability of this support stack and we use data and firsthand user research to continuously improve it. 
Providing great support to users of all sizes is culturally important to everyone at Stripe. We are a group of capable, friendly, user-oriented engineers that partner closely on this problem with Stripes world-class design, product, and operational teams. This includes the external-facing support interfaces (https:support.stripe.com), content, entry points, internal tooling, case routing, and helping product teams across the company reduce support volume by improving our products. 
What youll do
As a Full Stack Engineer on the Support Experience team, you will build engaging, responsive user interfaces that make it truly enjoyable to get help from Stripe.
You will have the opportunity to scale the contact platform that connects Stripe users with the teams that are best equipped to help them. This might involve implementing new API endpoints for use across multiple products, iterating on data pipelines to maximize visibility into our support operations, or adding to our billing pipeline so that we can offer paid support plans in new regions. It might also mean optimizing complex support case routing algorithms, exploring the feasibility of using AI or LLMs to improve support outcomes, or finding new ways to reduce contact volume while improving customer satisfaction with Stripe.
Responsibilities

Build, operate, and improve support products for all of Stripes users, from one-person startups to Premium Support users and large enterprises. 
Work side-by-side with user-facing teams to understand their needs, develop short-term and long-term solutions, and deploy those solutions across our global 247 support operation. 
Improve the internal tools that empower our user-facing teams to build new case-solving workflows, publish dynamic, localized content to our user-facing support site, and answer every support request with the right context for any user.
Own problems from end to end, managing complexity and engaging directly with stakeholders to think through everything from business impact, to reliability and operability, to the pixel-perfection of individual support interactions.
Uphold Stripes high standards for engineering and product quality and mentor newer team members to do the same.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Were looking for people passionate about distilling complexity to solve real world business problems.
Minimum requirements

You have a strong technical background, including 5 years of experience building impactful products or systems at scale
Enjoy being a generalist working on both the frontend, backend, and anything it takes to solve problems and delight users both internally and externally
Write high quality code that is tested thoroughly, supported by clear documentation and has appropriate production observability
You are empathetic with users, both internal and external, and strive to create a better experience for all customers
Enjoyment in working with a diverse group of people with different expertise
Proven ability to stitch together many different services and processes together even if you have not worked with them before
Uphold best practices in engineering, security, and design

Preferred qualifications



Proficient in JavaScript (React)  Ruby; language can be learned and we care much more about your general engineering skill than knowledge of a particular language or framework
Experience with integrating RESTful APIs into web applications.
Previous experience building engineering solutions focused on support


