Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripes Product Legal team is responsible for managing the legal and regulatory elements of the design, build and execution of our products and services. We work on some of the hardest technical, commercial, and regulatory problems around. 
What youll do
In this role you will be a key advisor to Stripes product, engineering and partnerships teams, and will work on a diverse set of matters that straddle financial services, business, and technology. 
The ideal candidate is passionate about Stripes mission of helping businesses grow and thrives in solving complex legal, technology and business issues in collaboration with others. Were looking for someone who is a team player and willing to jump in on tasks of any size. Experience in financial technology, lending, card networks, and financial services will help you be successful in this role.
Responsibilities

Be part of a growing team of Counsel who are responsible for helping Stripe deliver products that are compliant with laws and contractual commitments to our users across the globe, including small business lending, credit and debit card issuance, and Banking-as-a-Service..  
Help Stripe product teams navigate the cutting edge intersection of technological innovation, e-commerce user experiences, and financial services compliance on a range of issues including payments and other financial related products, regulatory, consumer protection, marketing, intellectual property, and data privacy. 
Actively collaborate with a wide variety of Stripe teams, including product, engineering, partnerships, compliance, risk and marketing, on a range of issues related to product development and commercialization, including advising on new and emerging legal and regulatory developments impacting products, including identifying trends and potential impacts on business activities and adapting existing laws to new technologies.  
Work closely with colleagues across Stripes global legal team to support Stripes regulatory structure, its customer agreements, and strategic financial partnerships.  
Help scope and build scalable and effective processes for legal review and launch of new products.
Stay up-to-date, with the support of Stripes legal subject matter experts, on UK, EMEA and US laws and regulations dealing with privacy, data security, consumer protection, financial services, and marketing.
Participate as a proactive and strategic business partner to senior managers and be a trusted advisor. 

 
Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. 
Minimum requirements

Around 5-10 years of experience as a qualified lawyer in a top law firm, in-house legal team andor government agency, with expertise in key legislation around payment services and e-money services, including anti-money laundering regulations, the payment services directive, and the e-money directive; lending (commercial and consumer) in one or more key countries in Europe, including Ireland, France and Germany; and the related regulatory landscape.
Preferred candidates also would have expertise in interchange regulations and the Visa and Mastercard Network Rules, as well as the GDPR.
Someone who is familiar with counseling teams that solve issues through technology by translating complex legal requirements into clear and actionable advice that helps the business move forward.
Someone who works collaboratively with teammates and is always looking for opportunities to share knowledge and experience.
A qualified English solicitor (or local equivalent). 
A passion for technology and ability to understand complex business models and product use cases quickly.
An entrepreneurial spirit -- a self-starter who thrives in a fast paced environment, deals well with ambiguity and focuses on driving impact.
Excellent judgment and capable of making smart decisions with imperfect information.
Strong communication skills (both written and verbal).
Excellent project management skills and ability to work under tight deadlines. 
