Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
We believe that accepting payments and building checkout experiences in mobile apps could be much easier. Weve solved part of the problem today with our Mobile Payment Element and other products in our SDKs, but our ambition is to go much further. For businesses, its still too hard to collect payments in every language, currency, payment method, and tax system, all while customizing the UI to fit their apps.
Mobile is an area of important investment for Stripe, and our mobile SDKs already power an incredible diversity of experiences for companies like DoorDash, Instacart, GOAT, and Kickstarter. Were looking for an engineer with a solid understanding of the Android platform to help define Stripes future on mobile.
The team is remote-first. While we do have offices throughout North America, most of the team is distributed throughout the US and Canada and gets together in-person roughly quarterly.
What youll do
As part of the Mobile Payments team, youll develop new payment APIs and checkout UI flows for Android developers to include in their apps. One project could have you implementing a new local payment method to be made available for millions of customers, and the next could have you working to make our checkout experiences more customizable for some of your favorite apps. Youll also help us continue to explore new technologies like Jetpack Compose and coroutines as we iterate on better solutions for our users.
Responsibilities

Design, build, and maintain the Stripe Android SDK
Work with engineers, product managers, designers, and stakeholders across the company to bring new features and products to Stripes mobile SDKs
Stay up-to-date with the latest industry trends and advancements in Android development and incorporate them into the SDK when appropriate
Collaborate with Android developers who work on the Stripe mobile apps and Stripe Terminal to set best practices for Android development across the company
Collaborate effectively in a remote-first work environment, maintaining open communication and strong connections with colleagues

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

1.5 years of Android development experience
Experience writing readable, maintainable, and testable code

Preferred qualifications

2 years of Android development experience
Appreciate the art of API design
Experience collaborating on product and design requirements with stakeholders
(Bonus) Experience building mobile SDKs
(Bonus) Experience contributing to open-source libraries
(Bonus) Experience working in a remote-first environment
