Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career. 
About the team 
Our Revenue and Finance Automation (RFA) suite gives businesses power over the entire life cycle of their cash flow. By coordinating billing, tax, reporting, and data services in one modern stack, Stripes RFA suite eliminates the inefficiencies of legacy finance tools and supports revenue growth.
Our portfolio is growing rapidly and we are expanding our RFA suite to serve the diverse spectrum of Stripes users, from brand new startups to public companies. Simultaneously we are investing in foundations for an extensible platform solution, including integrations with external systems that will let us scale our reach and capabilities by orders of magnitude over the next few years.
What youll do
Were looking for a seasoned engineering leader to lead the Revenue Automation pillar within the RFA suite of products. This is an opportunity to help build a new product and business within Stripe. In this role, you will lead the engineering strategy and execution to build an intelligent suite of reporting and accounting solutions that provides real-time bookkeeping, automated monthly close process and actionable financial insights for CFOs and finance teams. These products will allow our users to easily automate their revenue accounting from their first dollar on Stripe through the day they IPO. You will also invest in building the foundational platforms that will improve our engineering productivity and  innovation velocity. You will hire, mentor, and develop Engineering Managers and Software Engineers. 
Responsibilities

Recruit great engineers and engineering managers in collaboration with Stripes recruiting team
Support the engineering team in achieving a high level of technical quality, reliability, and developer satisfaction
Mentor and coach managers to create healthy and well-executing teams
Develop the long-term vision and strategy for the team, prioritize accordingly, and create an execution roadmap
Be actively involved in strategic direction and roadmap decisions for an emerging business
Manage processes to help the team do its best work and engage effectively with the rest of Stripe
Empower the engineering team to achieve a high level of technical productivity, reliability and simplicity
Contribute to engineering-wide initiatives as a member of Stripes engineering management team
Collaborate with cross-functional teams (engineering, product, partnership, legal, risk, etc.) to manage technical dependencies and achieve product deliverables.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Youve managed engineering managers and teams that have shipped products at scale.
Youve hired, mentored and grown engineering managers and staffprincipal  engineers.
You have great product taste and a track record of taking complex problems and solving them elegantly.
You enjoy diving into and deeply understanding the businesses that use Stripe.
You work very well cross-functionally, and are able to think rigorously and make hard decisions and tradeoffs.
You are capable of working in ambiguous fast-moving environments and have a curiosity to learn the domain to a deep level.
You thrive on a high level of autonomy and responsibility.
You encourage a healthy work environment thats both supportive and challenging.
You can dive deep technically and collaborate with engineers on architecture and product decisions.

Preferred qualifications

Experience managing teams of 60 engineers.
Domain experience in fintech or a regulated industry
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or similar relevant background
Experience working in a geographically distributed company.
