Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
We are building a team to drive financial insight and strategy at Stripe. The Business Finance and Strategy team brings understanding and predictability to Stripes core operations and we work together with our key business partners to accelerate long term growth for Stripe. Your work will be instrumental to Stripe achieving its mission, be highly visible to Stripe leadership, and will drive key insights for Board discussions.
What youll do
 
Responsibilities

Play a key role in supporting and managing company-wide headcount operating expenses
Partner closely with the Corporate FS team on financial consolidation and reporting
Drive reporting, process and discipline for finance routines to shape and influence decision-making (e.g. budget, forecast, monthly reviews, long-range plans)
Build and own models for in-depth analyses, as well as ensure their quality, timeliness, and accuracy 
Actively contribute to the design, implementation, and evolution of financial models, systems, and tools
Leverage your financial background to support and influence key strategic and business decisions

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

3-5 years of relevant experience in FPA or strategic finance
Critical thinker with a keen analytical eye and experience building integrated models from scratch (in Excel, Gsheets or other planning applications) and working with large sets of complex data
Experience driving and executing on finance processes (e.g. budget, forecast reviews, month end close)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills including a proven ability to build strong collaborative working relationships with business partners and key stakeholders
The ability to maintain high performance under tight timelines and a roll up your sleeves mindset to get any job done
The ability to bring structure to ambiguous areas of opportunity and thrive in an unstructured, fast-moving environment

Preferred qualifications

Experience managing headcount and headcount operating expenses 
Experience as a finance business partner supporting functions such as People and Recruiting 
Experience in process improvement or other transformational projects
Experience working at a high-growth technology or financial services company
Oracle, Anaplan, Tableau or other equivalent application experience
