Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Revenue and Financial Automation org (RFA) builds a portfolio of services to help businesses of all sizes to manage their revenue, from billing customers, calculating tax, and understanding insights to drive business growth of our customers. The TPM team partners closely with the product and engineering, go to market partners, and our customers to drive RFAs highest priority goals. 
What youll do
Effective Technical Program Managers at Stripe always bias towards driving the right solutions for internal and external users, and delivering impact for them above all else. Youll do this even when its not the easiest path for us or our teams, and requires trade-off decisions. You will look ahead and around corners to enable our teams to operate at their best, and for opportunities to eliminate the unnecessary in delivering results. 
Responsibilities

Independently define programs for specific problems. This includes scoping, setting objectives, defining success criteria, and influencing resource allocation to solve for it
Consistently use frameworks for prioritization and decision making within your programs
Use your broad perspective to identify obstaclesissues, communicate to stakeholders, proactively plan to address the obstaclesissues, and look for ways to prevent the recurrence of issues
Assemble a clear understanding of our internal and external users needs, leveraging your product sense to drive solution delivery. You will represent user voices to all stakeholders including engineering and other stakeholders involved in delivering solutions. 
Drive clarity across all stakeholders on the goal, problem and outcomes the team is working towards. You are known as a clarifier and enabler for your teammates.
Develop a strong POV of product development at Stripe. To scale your impact, you will collaborate with the appropriate stakeholders to define programs with clear and measurable outcomes that adapt it to meet our users needs. You will bias towards high-velocity yet durable decision making. You will frequently examine the program from the perspectives of your stakeholders to identify opportunities and gaps.
Understand the technical problems that need to be solved, and work closely with necessary stakeholders of the engineering teams, technical systemsprocesses involved to define and manage the most effective way to enable teams to deliver solutions. 
Bring rapid clarity to ambiguous situations, resolve them effectively, communicate decisions efficiently, and enable teams to move towards implementing solutions. You will bring your experience and contextual knowledge to bear on the problems that teams need to solve

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

5 years of product management or technical program management experience
Experience providing program management during all phases of software development
Proven track record of defining and executing complex programs across multiple functions
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to establish strong relationships with stakeholders and senior leaders
Thrive in solving ambiguous problems and see opportunities where others see chaos
Relentless focus on users and solving for their needs and wants
Have strong prioritization frameworks to drive development for the product team and customers. You will have a strong understanding of our product roadmaps and help leaders navigate how to balance meeting the roadmap and balancing priority customer needs

Preferred qualifications

Experience collaborating with sales and technical implementationactivation teams
Experience with customer facing roles (e.g. customer success management)
