
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Our Data Science team partners deeply with teams across Stripe to ensure that our users, our products, and our business have the models, data products, and insights needed to make decisions and grow responsibly. Were looking for data scientists with a passion for analyzing data, building machine learning and statistical models, and running experiments to drive impact.  Our work is broad and varied, influencing how our products work (e.g. understanding user needs, preventing fraud, or optimizing charge flows), how our business works (forecasting key outcomes, managing liquidity, quantifying risk exposure), how our go-to-market motions operate (designing growth experiments, optimizing marketing investments, refining sales processes, and estimating causal effects), and everything in between. We have a variety of Data Science roles and teams across Stripe and will seek to align you to the most relevant team based on your background.
What youll do
Were looking for a variety of Data Scientists to partner with the Product, Finance, Payments, Risk, Growth and Go-to-Market teams. Youll work closely with a specific part of the business, playing a crucial role in optimizing our systems and leveraging data to make strategic business decisions. As Data Scientists as Stripe, its our mission to ensure that the company strategy, products, and user  interactions make smart use of our rich data, using  techniques like machine learning, statistical modeling, causal inference, optimization, experimentation, and all forms of analytics.
Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum Requirements

2-8 years of data sciencequantitative modeling experience
Proficiency in SQL and a computing language such as Python or R 
Strong knowledge and hands-on experience in several  of the following areas: machine learning, statistics, optimization, product analytics, causal inference, andor experimentation
Experience in working with cross-functional teams to deliver results
Ability to communicate results clearly and a focus on driving impact
A demonstrated ability to manage and deliver on multiple projects with a high attention to detail
Solid business acumen and experience in synthesizing complex analyses into actionable recommendations
A builders mindset with a willingness to question assumptions and conventional wisdom

Preferred qualifications 

Experience deploying models in production and adjusting model thresholds to improve performance
Experience designing, running, and analyzing complex experiments or leveraging causal inference designs
Experience with distributed tools such as Spark, Hadoop, etc.
A PhD or MS in a quantitative field (e.g., Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, Quantitative Finance, Sciences, Operations Research)

