Engineering Manager, Billing Foundations
Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripes mission is to increase the GDP of the internet and build its economic infrastructure. To accomplish this ambitious goal, Stripe needs to take informed financial risks and give users a great experience while optimizing against potential losses.
Billing Foundations brings together core infrastructure, product development, and business expertise to empower businesses everywhere with better financial and revenue systems. Achieving this goal is critical to Stripes long-term growth.
We are looking for a Billing Foundations Engineering Manager to work closely with partners in product and business to prioritize and drive our shared strategy. This team is responsible for building secure, reliable, and flexible infrastructure that enables our product teams to rapidly develop features that meet the current and future needs of our users. This is a unique opportunity to have an outsized impact on the future of how Stripe builds new revenue systems at scale.
What youll do
Responsibilities

Be actively involved in strategic direction and product decisions.
Manage a team of senior engineers and help develop their careers with stretch responsibilities and excellent feedback.
Set and execute a vision for how to rapidly scale Stripe revenue product offerings and features quickly and efficiently to support top enterprise use cases.
Work with engineering leaders in your org and across Stripe to build scalable and automated systems and make the right foundational investments.
Empower your engineering team to deliver a high level of technical quality and impact.
Recruit a diverse team of engineers that are amongst the best in the industry, from outreach to closing.
Contribute to engineering-wide initiatives as a member of Stripes engineering management team.

Who you are
Requirements

Minimum 5 years of direct Engineering Management experience.
Have experience hiring, growing, and developing engineers.
Lead by example in fast-paced, high-impact, ambiguous environments.
Have experience building scalable software and backend systems.
Hold yourself and others to a high bar when working with production systems.
Thrive in a collaborative cross-functional environment and fostering a great culture within a team.
