Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the
GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Funding team builds products which allow our users to move money into Stripe. After credit cards, were the number one way money moves into Stripe and are responsible for processing billions of dollars around the world;operating mission-critical services.
 
Our products are foundational to Stripe and enable Payments, Issuing and Connect users to top-up their Stripe balances. We support some of the largest businesses running on Stripe today and are building for the next generation. Were shipping new APIs and products to power the future of Stripe, expanding our existing capabilities to new markets and re-engineering for increased scale and stability.
 
Our team collaborates across North America and the UK with primary locations in Toronto and London.
What youll do
As a backend engineer, youll design, build and operate APIs, features and services. Youll work within a team of engineers and collaborate with cross-functional partners to scope new products, support users and ship high quality products.
Responsibilities

Scope and lead technical projects, laying the groundwork for our products to iteratively evolve and scale
Design, build, expand and maintain APIs and services
Support our users and keep our systems reliable and performant
Align our technical decisions with Stripes broad strategic initiatives, while also advocating for needs specific to emerging new businesses
Work with engineers across the company to understand when existing infrastructure can be leveraged vs. when building a bespoke solution is prudent
Develop and execute against both short and long-term roadmaps. Make effective tradeoffs that consider business priorities, user experience, and a sustainable technical foundation
Produce high level internal and external documentation
Collaborate, mentor and provide support to other team members

Who you are
Were looking for software engineers with experience building APIs and scalable distributed systems in service based architecture.
Minimum requirements
Have a strong technical background, with 2-6 years of professional software engineering experience building backend services and APIs



A passion for API design and amazing product experiences
Experience building and operating highly reliable services
Work well cross-functionally and earn trust from co-workers at all levels
Hold yourself and others to a high bar when working with production systems
Take pride ownership and driving projects to business impact
Solve problems autonomously; ability to research a technical or product domain and apply your knowledge when designing and scoping projects


