Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Commercial Sales team is a new business team that is responsible for the acquisition, growth and retention of underpenetrated mid-market customers. As an Account Executive on the Commercial sales team, youll identify opportunities for new or existing customers to get the most out of Stripe, execute scaled sales strategies to grow revenue in your territory, and drive end-to-end campaigns to increase adoption of Stripes offering.
What youll do
As a Commercial, Account Executive, you will play an instrumental role in fueling Stripes growth through acquiring, growing and expanding under-penetrated mid-market accounts. In this role, you will help build out a new team and GTM motion at Stripe.
Responsibilities

Identify high-potential prospective users and use effective prospecting strategies to generate leads that drive revenue growth in your territory
Develop and implement scaled sales strategies for acquiring new customers and driving product adoption, net new product sales, and client retention at scale
Identify and understand users pain points to propose Stripe solutions and own the full sales cycle, from business case development to close
Own contract renewals and lead commercial negotiations to increase and retain existing customer revenue and Stripe market share
Work cross-functionally to solve user pain paints and improve our product
You will be required to work from the Chicago office three (3) days per week

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

3 years of experience in a client-facingsales role
Ability to understand technical requirements and craft solutions across multiple product
Strong operational acumen and ability to manage high volumes and high velocity work
Ability and motivation to operate in a highly ambiguous and fast-paced environment
Superior verbal and written communication skills
You will be required to work from the Chicago office three (3) days per week

Preferred qualifications

Prior experience in a sales andor customer-facing role at a high growth technology company

 