Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Communications team builds and protects Stripes brand and influence across the world. Were looking for an experienced communications professional to help tell the stories of our largest customers in the US and how Stripe enables them to evolve their business—from Amazons rapid expansion into global markets to Fords reimagination of the customer experience. 
Were very proud of the deep expertise in the team—from product, corporate, and internal communications, to publishing, social media, video, and more—and are always mindful of how much more we have to learn. In Stripe comms, youll work with some of the most skilled, curious, and thoughtful colleagues of your career, wholl be equally eager to learn from you.
What youll do
With disruption happening across every pocket of the economy, traditional enterprises are modernizing their business models, and are increasingly turning to Stripe as they create new channels to market, new distribution platforms, and new revenue streams. The US Enterprise Communications role will focus on developing campaigns to bring to life Stripes deep partnerships with those large enterprises—and the critical impact this makes on their business, their customers, and the wider economy. 
We have no shortage of great stories to tell. While Stripe is known for—and continues to be deeply committed to—its work with disruptors and upstarts, we currently have more than 100 users with 1 billion each in payment volume, a cohort that has been expanding by more than 50 each year since 2018. 
Responsibilities

Develop and drive large enterprise user stories that advance Stripes influence within the US.
Work collaboratively with counterparts in sales and partnerships to advance their business objectives by developing regional or industry focused communications campaigns. 
Work closely with our executive team, including Stripes Chief Revenue Officer and our Chief Customer Officer on media interviews, events, and speaking engagements.
Develop and maintain relationships with reporters and influencers, particularly at financial service trades and business media.
Partner with the product communications team and the broader international comms team to scale our enterprise story globally, ensuring consistency across geographies.
Push the boundaries creatively. What are new ways to tell stories with, and about, our users? 

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Stellar written and verbal communication skills; in particular, an ability to understand, synthesize, and articulate complex and technically sophisticated topics 
8 years of relevant working experience in communications
A track record in enterprise communicationsworking for or communicating with large public companies
Provide strategic counsel to senior leaders, including cross-functional counterparts
Experience developing and maintaining relationships with reporters
Experience cultivating relationships with customers and users for proactive storytelling
Experience collaborating with multiple stakeholders and providing proactive and reactive counsel on a wide variety of initiatives

Preferred qualifications

A history of working on executive communications, including thought leadership, media interviews, events and speaking engagements
Working in a technology andor B2B environment
