
Who we are     
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Were looking for an experienced data analyst to deepen the understanding around the economic impact Stripe is having globally. You will be part of a community of analysts and data scientists on the Go-to-Market Analytics team, and you will be partnering with Stripes Communications and Policy teams to build and protect Stripes brand and influence across the world. 
What youll do
Stripe holds a unique view of the world, with real-time insight into changing trends, industries, and cross-border commerce. The Data Analyst, Communications role will focus on using data to demonstrate how Stripe enables broad and often surprising economic growth. This role will help tease out novel economic insights from Stripe data to tell stories about how pockets of the economy are changing or evolving, and about how Stripe is advancing economic opportunities for entrepreneurs and increasing the GDP of the internet. 
Responsibilities

Partner with the communications team to imagine, scope, and lead research projects that bring to life different facets of Stripes economic impact 
Design, implement and maintain data pipelines and dashboards to generate insights from Stripe internal and external public data sources
Define and monitor key economic impact metrics
Go deep on understanding business drivers, user segments, cohorts and macroeconomic trends
Prepare presentations, analyses and visualizations for internal and external executive audiences
Partner closely with Comms, Policy, Marketing and Product teams to identify and analyze key trends
Collaborate with external vendors to leverage their expertise on research projects

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

5 years of experience in analytical roles working with large datasets
Bachelors degree in Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Engineering, Sciences or a related quantitative field
Proficiency in SQL and Python
Experience building and maintaining data pipelines using a distributed data framework (e.g. Hadoop, Spark)
Experience building self-serve dashboards or other scalable analytical tools for partner teams
Strong knowledge of statistics
Expertise in data storytelling and visualization, using data-driven insights to deliver actionable recommendations and drive business goals
Demonstrated experience of and interest in the public discussion of economic trends (whether as a data scientist, writer, researcher, or in another capacity)
Demonstrated ability to lead and deliver on multiple projects with a high attention to detail
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills

Preferred qualifications

Masters degree in Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Engineering, Sciences or a related quantitative field andor experience in working on data analytics in the tech field
Experience developing data-informed narratives and visualizations for external publication
Experience working with institutions that are respected by policymakers and the wider public for their economic insight

