Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
As Stripes user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we have distinctly unique support problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with. The Stripe Delivery Center (SDC) strategy will provide operational leverage and expand Stripes portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs for external users and internal Stripe teams.
This role will be part of the Anti Money Laundering (AML) Team within the Financial Crimes organization in SDC that is accountable for monitoring, investigating and reporting suspicious activity indicative of money laundering and other financial crimes.
What youll do
We are looking for someone who is passionate about financial crimes and solving the puzzle of investigations, is naturally curious, and is comfortable operating in ambiguity and finding creative solutions. You will be responsible for reviewing and dispositioning Transaction Monitoring alerts, conducting AML Investigations, and drafting and filing  Suspicious Activity  Transaction Report (SARs  STRs) with various Financial Intelligence Units.
Responsibilities

Conducting AML Investigations from beginning to end, including conducting transaction analysis and open source and public records research in various jurisdictions;
Documenting in detail the rationale for the investigative process and recommendations of each review;
Drafting and filing Suspicious Activity  Transaction Report (SARs  STRs) with various Financial Intelligence Units; and
Maintaining operational excellence across various workstreams;
Reviewing and dispositioning Transaction Monitoring alerts;
Demonstrating sound judgment and an ability to navigate non-binary, high-risk decisions.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Strong English written and verbal capabilities;
5 years of analytical or investigative experience, preferably within the financial crimes, AML, risk, threat analysis, or fraud fields;
Strong research, writing, and analytical skills;
Ability to demonstrate an understanding of financial crime typologies and patterns utilized to exploit financial institutions;
Ability to synthesize large amounts of information such as transaction data and identify key trends; 
Ability to work efficiently and independently in a fast-paced environment; and
Independently analyze and evaluate information from various data sources to determine a course of action for a matched case.

Preferred qualifications

Knowledge experience in the payments and the fintech industry; 
Previous experience working in a Compliance function;
ACAMS or similar certification.
