Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
 
About the team
The sales development team at Stripe drives Stripes future growth engine by working with the Account Executive team to build Stripes sales pipeline.
 
What youll do
You are excited about prospecting to potential customers, and are capable of independently identifying high potential Customers for Stripe. You are adept at identifying high value opportunities and capable of managing early sales funnel activities. You are used to delivering value in competitive situations and enjoy working on products that require deep product understanding combined with technical knowledge. Finally, you enjoy building  you like to actively participate in the development of the sales process, the articulation of Stripes value proposition, and the creation of key tools and assets.
 
We take a data driven, analytical approach to outbound sales, and are looking for someone who is confident in both prospecting to customers and in helping design our strategy. Stripe is not a typical company, and this is not a typical outbound sales role. If youre hungry, smart, persistent, and a great teammate, we want to hear from you!
 
Responsibilities

Identify high-potential businesses and develop and execute outbound strategies to bring them to Stripe
Develop and lead outbound campaigns from idea-generation through to qualified calls
Launch and test new outbound lead generation channels and determine how best to scale them
Develop and codify best practices and sales workflows for scaled and bespoke interactions with prospects
Work with cross-functional teams like Marketing and Product to develop new content

 
Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
 
Minimum qualifications

3 years of sales experience, preferably at a technology company, with a track record of top performance
Ability to speak Mandarin fluently as this role primarily deals with our Mandarin-speaking clients
Ability to understand the Stripe product and build great relationships with technical prospects
Strong analytical and quantitative capabilities
Superior verbal and written communication skills
Ability to operate in a highly ambiguous and fast-paced environment
Self starter who is used to working in a scrappy team
Strong interest in technology

Preferred qualifications

Experience with sales and marketing automation tools
Prior experience at a growth stage Internet  Software company

At Stripe, were looking for people with passion, grit, and integrity. Youre encouraged to apply even if your experience doesnt precisely match the job description. Your skills and passion will stand out—and set you apart—especially if your career has taken some extraordinary twists and turns. At Stripe, we welcome diverse perspectives and people who think rigorously and arent afraid to challenge assumptions. Join us.
 