Who we are 
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Marketing Systems team is Stripes strategic technology partner providing the marketing technology and services to enable Stripe marketing teams to market at scale. 
What youll do
We are looking for a Marketing Technology Platform Engineer for the Marketing Systems team within Go-to-Market Systems to build and maintain a world-class marketing engine
Responsibilities

Work on HTML, CSS of custom Marketo landing pages and email templates that adhere to Stripe design standards
Work on Marketo forms javascript and how they interact with enrichment providers to shorten the forms
Work on cookie banner and its interaction with google tag manager to load our analytics tags
Create new and refactor existing cross-system integrated workflows through good quality, secure and scalable web programming practices
Work with our web team to ensure the data is flowing accurately to Marketo from form submissions
Build and maintain integration solutions with Marketo and our internal tools
Work closely with engineering managers, system admins and developers to support our cloud applications particularly the connectivity between them. 
Enact appropriate process and technology controls to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, security and availability of data and systems
Drive operational excellence by continuously managing, monitoring, and measuring system health and performance metrics
Collaborate with partner teams like our website team to share knowledge and resources, optimize operations, and pursue continuous improvements
Align company goals, industry trends, and best practices to deliver scalable, efficient and effective infrastructure service

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

3 years of front end experience working with Marketo emails, landing pages, forms
2 years experience working with Marketo Rest APIs, Javascript API, Webhooks, velocity scripting etc.
Comfortable with writing scripts and solid foundation in web programming i.e. javascript, SOAPREST
Comfortable with cloud services like AWS
Proven ability to deal with ambiguity in a rapidly changing business environment, resolve problems and offer impacting solutions
Self-motivated, accountable, resilient and comfortable working with a remote, global team

Preferred qualifications

Experience working with CRMs (e.g. Salesforce), other applicable marketing systems (e.g. Splash, Convertr, Salesloft ), observability systems(splunk) and integrating with their platform APIs
Data engineering skills around Python, Spark
Experience with Google analytics, Google tag management
