Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripe builds the most powerful and flexible tools for running an internet business. We handle hundreds of billions of dollars each year and enable millions of users around the world to scale faster and more efficiently by building their businesses on Stripe. To further this important mission, Stripe is building a world class Internal Audit (IA) team. Our mission is to make the business better as it grows. We are consumed with the goal of being agile with the business, powered by technology and seamlessly accelerating the speed of controls integration and compliance adoption.
Our IA team is responsible for providing objective assurance on the design and operational effectiveness of Stripes internal controls and business processes, its compliance with laws and regulations and its risk management framework and other governance processes. We also assist as an advisory partner in preparing targeted analyses, model evaluations, self-serve monitoring dashboards, systems design assessments, and policy reviews. 
Were looking for a leader with finance and operations audit experience who will help us build and scale a global audit program, who will serve as a key member of the IA leadership team, reporting to the Chief Audit Executive, who will drive demonstrable impact benefitting the business, and who will elevate the ambitions of Stripe. 
What youll do
Responsibilities

Shape the strategy for the design, direction and scaling of the Internal Audit FinOps team.
Develop a risk-based finance and operational multi-year audit plan for Stripes expanding global operations.
Shape and oversee auditassurance programs to address finance and operational audit requirements governing regulated entities around the globe.
Serve as IAs SME on internal controls across IA audit and assurance engagements.
Manage co-sourced service providers while building our internal FinOps team.
Seamlessly liaise with external auditors in connection with process and controls discussions.
Lead ad-hoc programs and initiatives to provide advisory insights.
Work seamlessly with key business partners within the second lines of defense to build efficiencies into the audit plan and avoid duplication of testing activities.
Present findings and recommendations to stakeholders and leadership teams.
Secure management action plans for remediation and monitor remediation progress and timeliness.
Perform outreach and maintain collaborative working relationships with business partners.
Participate in enterprise risk assessment activities.
Invest in understanding the business to better identify areas of need and opportunities to advise.
Research and stay current on applicable regulatory requirements and (e.g., FFIEC, PCAOB guidance, SEC, etc.), emerging trends and best practices. 

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

20 years of progressive audit, accounting, finance, operations and risk assessment experience
Leadership experience in managing an Internal Audit function.
Expertise in auditing financial controls and operations with a working knowledge of regulatory compliance.
Deep understanding of GAAP, COSO, Sarbanes Oxley Act, and PCAOB Rules and experienced in the use of auditing and assessment frameworks and the application of professional standards. 
Experience with performing operational reviews, maturity assessments, business process audits
Agility in designing and adapting approaches across a range of stages of 
Experience with performing risk assessments and leveraging to prioritize workstreams.  
Attention to detail, including ability to issue-spot, identify patterns, flag incongruencies.
Ability to apply critical thinking and analysis, and exercise professional judgment.
Ability to discuss complex issues with any level of management and influence perspectives.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including report positioning and clarity.
CPA, chartered accountant andor CIA certification.
Bachelors degree.

Preferred qualifications

Public accounting andor start-up experience.
Forensic skill set and experience.
In-house operational exposure.
Big 4 consulting experience.
Experience in a high volume transactional payment environment.
