Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career. 
About the team
High Performance Operations is a newly formed Infrastructure team whose mission is to provide technology solutions to the many operations workflows within the organization. From risk management, to legal compliance and translationlocalization efforts, there is a great deal of work that needs to get done in order to ensure Stripe can operate and serve our customers in an effective and efficient manner. Having proper tooling is an important part of this. The team will own end-to-end solutions, develop them in response to internal stakeholder needs, and be key partners in the workings of the groups they serve. To further the teams mission, we are looking for a Staff Full Stack Engineer to work with Stripe. 
What youll do
Were looking for a Staff Software Engineer with experience designing, building and maintaining high-scale,  distributed systems to work with Stripe. You will work with a team that is in charge of building the tools that power operational workflows used by internal and external partners. You will be a driver for high-impact projects that touch the way thousands of Stripes work.
Responsibilities

 Contribute to team strategy, and roadmap
Design team tooling, process, and culture
Scope, design, implement, and deploy robust solutions, making appropriate tradeoffs between reliability, throughput, latency, resiliency, engineering velocity and cost
Uphold our high engineering standards and improve our codebase and processes
Work with stakeholders across Stripe to balance and accommodate competing desires.

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

10 years of professional hands-on software development experience
Enjoy being a generalist working on both the frontend, backend, and anything it takes to solve problems and delight users both internally and externally
Experience developing, maintaining and debugging distributed systems built with open source tools
Experience with scaling distributed systems in a rapidly moving environment
Comfort breaking down large, complex systems; identifying shortcomings and optimization opportunities; and making data driven cost performance tradeoffs to influence design decision

Preferred qualifications

Experience leading  multi-team projects
Proficient in JavaScriptTypeScript, React, Ruby, Java
