Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the worlds largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyones reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
We oversee Accounts APIs and dashboard surfaces that every Stripe user relies on throughout their business lifecycle. As part of revamping our Accounts Platform for the next decade plus, we have the opportunity to solve challenging user pain points at scale and build a granular, expressive framework powering users onboarding experience as well as that of their own end users.
 
A strong foundation of customizable account structures and interoperable APIs is critical to Stripes long-term success. Its important we get the set of core business blocks right  that we understand how businesses of all sizes model their organizational structures and think about their relationships, and we ensure that integrating with Stripe is nothing short of a fantastic experience. We are applying Stripes developer-centric approach to building the flexible, programmable representation of humans and businesses that map across Stripes existing and future products.
What youll do
Engineers on the team will build end-to-end features for Stripes Accounts APIs fundamental to the onboarding and management experience of every Stripe user, including Stripes largest multi-entity users with complex integrations. We are seeking engineers who are excited to develop features for these foundations as well as their higher-level dashboard surfaces, delivering best-in-class product experiences for our users. 
Responsibilities

Build beautiful end-to-end user experiences as well as high-performance APIs that power them 
Ensure our infrastructure is extensible, scalable, reliable, and meets SLAs for both external and internal users
Collaborate with cross-functional partner teams to deliver delightful developer experiences and comprehensive interfaces with core account and money movement primitives
Hide complexity from our users behind simple yet powerful abstractions

Who you are
Were looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements

Strong technical background, including 2 years of experience as a full stack engineer
Empathetic, collaborative, and user-first mindset in everything you build
Interest in working as a generalist across varying technologies and stacks to solve problems and delight both internal and external users
Ability to stitch together many different services together even if you have not worked with them before
Preference for simple solutions and designs over complex ones, and having a good intuition for what is lasting and scalable
The skills to build holistically  from specs and documentation to implementation, testing, deployment, and measuring impact

Preferred qualifications

Prior experience building distributed systems or a microservices architecture
Passion for helping those around you grow and learn, as well as a passion for working with those who do the same
Propensity to ask questions, assume good intentions, and defaulting to transparency
