Supabase is an Open Source and fully remote company building developer tools for databases.
We are seeking a technical product marketer to drive our go-to-market strategies, product positioning, and sales enablement across all product domains.
What You Will Do:

Youll be hands-on writing. Craft clear, direct messaging and positioning strategies that resonate with developers. Youll be creating everything from marketing copy to case studies. You must be aligned with the Supabase voice.
Develop a world-leading Product Marketing strategy for PLG.
Collaborate closely with Sales, RevOps, and Growth Engineering teams to refine product decks, positioning, and enhance our product-led growth motion through experimentation and optimization.
Partner with Product Engineering teams for new launches, overseeing various aspects including enablement, marketing, devrel, and more.
Understand the market: Youll help us identify differentiators from competitors.

Who you are:

4 years of relevant experience in conveying technical product marketing to a developer audience.
Hands-on experience in a Product-Led Growth (PLG) focused company.
Understanding of databases, modern application development, and the JAMstack community.
Thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced hyper-growth environment, favoring an asynchronous mode of operation. You are action-oriented and willing to be hands on keyboard to get the job done.
Successful track record of working cross-functionally.
Experience in partnering with product teams to influence product strategy. You supported product and growth teams through user research.
Experience with SQL and Postgres is highly valued.

We offer:

100 remote work from anywhere in the world. No location-based adjustment to your salary.
Autonomous work. We work collaboratively on projects, but you set your own pace.
Health, Vision and Dental benefits. Supabase covers 100 of the cost for employees and 80 for dependants.
Generous Tech Allowance for any office setup you need.
Annual Education Allowance.
Annually run off-sites.

BUILD IN A WEEKEND. SCALE TO BILLIONS
Supabase adds auth, realtime, and restful APIs to Postgres without a single line of code.
Each project within Supabase is an isolated Postgres cluster, allowing customers to scale independently, while still providing the features that you need to build: instant database setup, auth, row level security, realtime data streams, auto-generating APIs, and a simple to use web interface.
We are a fully remote company.
Key Tech: Javascript, Typescript, Go, Elixir, PostgREST (haskell), Postgres, Pulumi.
About the team

Were a startup. Its unstructured.
Collectively founded more than a dozen venture-backed companies.
More than 10 different nationalities.
We deeply believe in the efficacy of collaborative open source. We support existing communities and tools, rather than building yet another xx.
We dogfood everything. If you use it in your project, we use it in Supabase.

Process

The entire process is fully remote and all communication will happen over email or via video chat.
Once youve submitted your application, the team will review your submission, and may reach out for a short screening interview over video call.
If you pass the screen you will be invited to up to four follow up interviews. The calls:

usually take between 20-45 minutes each depending on the interviewer.
are all 1:1.
will be with both founders, a member of either the growth or engineering team (depending on the role), and usually one other person from your immediate team or function.


Once the interviews are over, the team will meet to discuss several roles and candidates and may:

ask one or two follow-up questions over email or a quick call.
go directly to making an offer.



 