Supabase is an open source and fully remote company building developer tools for databases.
Supabases GTM teams are growing in size and complexity in order to support ambitious growth in the coming months and years. Were looking for a Revenue Operations Lead to manage our RevOps processes. Youll be working cross-functionally with customer success, sales, business operations, finance, billing, product, marketing teams, and other stakeholders to share insights, centralize information, and help operationalize processes.
What you will be doing

Take responsibility for our marketing, sales, support, and success systems. Enable teams that rely on these systems to spend as much time focussing on their core responsibilities by removing friction in their workflow.
Help teams ensure they have a single pane of glass with quick access to the data that they need to operate effectively.
Oversee integrations with other systems to enrich the data we have to give insight to teams operating across the customer lifecycle.
Identify opportunities to automate and streamline operational workflows.
Develop, improve, and document marketing, support, success  sales processes and programs. Ensure its easier for new team members to onboard and existing team members stay current with processes.
Lead, manage, and orchestrate projects that relate to systems impacting the customer lifecycle.
Listen to the go-to-market team leaders to identify friction points
Measure current operational success and finding ways to improve it
Streamline AR collection to tighten the revenue collection process
Strategize to identify opportunities in the revenue cycle.
Coordinate go-to-market teams to optimize user engagements and maximize revenue growth.
Own the tech stack, facilitating seamless utilization

Who You Are:

A generalist with strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Process-driven, an operations ninja.
4 years of experience in roles supporting revenue teams.
4 years of managing CRM systems and workflows.
Demonstrable evidence of implementing and administrating tools and processes go-to-market teams rely on to optimize their performance
Experience in cross-functional collaboration.
Willing to roll up your sleeves and get work done, while also thinking strategically about the long-term goals and vision of our RevOps function.
Experienced in defining, implementing, monitoring, and refining go-to-market KPIs across teams.
Familiar with product-led growth organizations and direct sales teams.
Knowledge of developer tooling is advantageous.
Proficiency in writing SQL is a plus.

We offer:

100 remote work from anywhere in the world. No location-based adjustment to your salary.
Autonomous work. We work collaboratively on projects, but you set your own pace.
Health, Vision and Dental benefits. Supabase covers 100 of the cost for employees and 80 for dependants.
Generous Tech Allowance for any office setup you need.
Annual Education Allowance.
Annually run off-sites.

BUILD IN A WEEKEND. SCALE TO BILLIONS
Supabase adds auth, realtime, and restful APIs to Postgres without a single line of code.
Each project within Supabase is an isolated Postgres cluster, allowing customers to scale independently, while still providing the features that you need to build: instant database setup, auth, row level security, realtime data streams, auto-generating APIs, and a simple to use web interface.
We are a fully remote company.
Key Tech: Javascript, Typescript, Go, Elixir, PostgREST (haskell), Postgres, Pulumi.
About the team

Were a startup. Its unstructured.
Collectively founded more than a dozen venture-backed companies.
More than 10 different nationalities.
We deeply believe in the efficacy of collaborative open source. We support existing communities and tools, rather than building yet another xx.
We dogfood everything. If you use it in your project, we use it in Supabase.

Process

The entire process is fully remote and all communication will happen over email or via video chat.
Once youve submitted your application, the team will review your submission, and may reach out for a short screening interview over video call.
If you pass the screen you will be invited to up to four follow up interviews. The calls:

usually take between 20-45 minutes each depending on the interviewer.
are all 1:1.
will be with both founders, a member of either the growth or engineering team (depending on the role), and usually one other person from your immediate team or function.


Once the interviews are over, the team will meet to discuss several roles and candidates and may:

ask one or two follow-up questions over email or a quick call.
go directly to making an offer.



 