While we dont have any roles open currently, we invite you to submit your resume and tell us about your dream role at Supabase! If, in the future, we have a role that fits your ambitions and experience, well reach out. 
We offer:

100 remote work from anywhere in the world. No location-based adjustment to your salary.
ESOP (equity ownership in the company)
Autonomous work. We work collaboratively on projects, but you set your own pace.
Health, Vision and Dental benefits. Supabase covers 100 of the cost for employees and 80 for dependents
Generous Tech Allowance for any office setup you need
Annual Education Allowance
Annually run off-sites.
BUILD IN A WEEKEND. SCALE TO BILLIONS
Supabase adds auth, realtime, and restful APIs to Postgres without a single line of code.
Each project within Supabase is an isolated Postgres cluster, allowing customers to scale independently, while still providing the features that you need to build: instant database setup, auth, row level security, realtime data streams, auto-generating APIs, and a simple to use web interface.
We are a fully remote company.
Key Tech: Javascript, Typescript, Go, Elixir, PostgREST (haskell), Postgres, Pulumi.
About the team

Were a startup. Its unstructured.
Collectively founded more than a dozen venture-backed companies.
More than 10 different nationalities.
We deeply believe in the efficacy of collaborative open source. We support existing communities and tools, rather than building yet another xx.
We dogfood everything. If you use it in your project, we use it in Supabase.

Process

The entire process is fully remote and all communication will happen over email or via video chat.
Once youve submitted your application, the team will review your submission, and may reach out for a short screening interview over video call.
If you pass the screen you will be invited to up to four follow up interviews. The calls:

usually take between 20-45 minutes each depending on the interviewer.
are all 1:1.
will be with both founders, a member of either the growth or engineering team (depending on the role), and usually one other person from your immediate team or function.


Once the interviews are over, the team will meet to discuss several roles and candidates and may:

ask one or two follow-up questions over email or a quick call.
go directly to making an offer.



 