Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Airframe Designer role is for a design engineer with experience in aviation. The role helps to build the fundamental framework of standard processes and procedures within the subject area for conceptual, preliminary, and detail design. This will include the design and build of prototype and flight test aircraft. The Airframe Designer contemplates design for manufacturing from concept to production releases and ensures a smooth transition into production with the operations team. The position collaborates with all technical development teams, including systems, interiors, flight technology, and manufacturing and is accountable for the airframe meeting its delivery, weight, and cost targets.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Translate preliminary and detail requirements into design layouts and fully realized engineering solutions
Work a design from conceptual design through to engineering release
Perform airframe design trade studies, conceptual design layouts, and release of details and assemblies for primary and secondary structure
Assist in developing standard methodologies for airframe design
Ensure all systems interface requirements are met
Research new materials application and design concepts
Create 3D models of detail parts and assemblies for prototype and production aircraft
Work collaboratively in a dynamic team environment with all levels of the RD team
Works under general direction
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other assigned tasks as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in aerospace engineering, or a relevant engineering field required
A minimum of three (3) years of experience in airframe design (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Experience with aircraft conceptual design and development programs and Rotorcraft designindustry
Experience in airframe design, liaison, and manufacturing
Experience with prototyping
Skilled in CAD software (Catia, UG, Pro-E, Solidworks)
Proficiency in composite structures design and fabrication
Familiarity with additive manufacturing, 3DP, or advanced technologies
Experience in Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing
Highly collaborative and proactive communicator
Ability to prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints

You may also be able to contribute:

Masters degree in a relevant field preferred

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:133,120—186,160 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!