Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Structural Analysis Engineer performs structural analysis of metallic and composite primary aircraft structure made from cutting-edge composite materials and technologies. The Structural Analysis Engineer is responsible for performing analysis of primary airframe structures and works closely with Structural Design, Loads, PayloadsInteriors, Material  Process, Manufacturing Technology, and System and Test  Evaluation groups.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.  
What you can do:

Perform basic structural analysis of aerospace primary and secondary structures and systems installations made of composite and metallic materials for experimental and type certificated vehicles
Support creation of Python-based analysis tool library
Apply free body diagrams, hand calculations and numerical methods for estimating and developing loads
Learn and apply analysis methods for static strength, stability, durability, and damage tolerance
Support development of new manufacturing technologies, engineering tools, and aircraft structural designs
Work closely with design and test engineers to determine test requirements and support vehicle and sub-scale tests
Coordinate and communicate regularly with team members across the company to provide and receive updates on project progress, quality metrics, project summaries, and other related documents
Work with supervision to come up with conceptual and detailed analysis based on the requirements
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in mechanical, aerospace, aeronautical, civil or related field required
Minimum of one (1) year of experience with aircraft structural analysis (an equivalent combination of education experience may be considered)
Experience in composites structures andor analytical tools such as HyperX, Nastran, Abaqus, LS-DYNA, Patran, FEMAP, Hyperworks, 3DX, OptiStruct, NASGRO, SlimVision or similar
Interest in working with fixed- or rotary-wing aircraft structure strength, stability, fatigue analysis andor finite element analysis
Excellent verbal, written communication, and collaborative skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints

You may also be able to contribute:

Masters degree in mechanical, aerospace, aeronautical, civil or related field preferred
Interest in working with fixed- or rotary-wing aircraft structure strength, stability, fatigue analysis andor finite element analysis
Familiarity with industry level composite activities (e.g. NCAMP, CMH17 or P17), durability and damage tolerance analysis techniques, MRB, structural testing, flight test, or analysis automation (e.g. Python programming or similar) preferred

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:99,840—130,000 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!