Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
 
What we do: 
The Mechanical Design Engineer is responsible for developing design solutions that support the overall long-term goals of the Test and Evaluation Instrumentation Team. The role involves creating standard processes and procedures and working closely with the design team at every stage, from conceptual to detail design. It requires building prototypes and flight test aircraft and developing design solutions to support the installation of test instrumentation and data-gathering systems to meet test program objectives. The role also involves collaborating closely with all technical development teams.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Use creativity and engineering principles to design a mechanical structure, mechanism, and system.
Design mechanicalstructural systems and products based on a set of given and derived requirements
Collaborate with the projects Instrumentation Engineers to gain a comprehensive understanding of the installation requirements for the project instrumentation
Collaborate with System Engineering to collect and understand the project design requirements
Collaborate with the structural analysis team to verify the capabilities of the structure before fabrication
Hold design reviews and presentations
Participate and guide design reviewsbrainstorming sessions
Identify process deficiencies and develop solutions for improvement
Prepare and author various manualstemplates such as design standards, procedures, work instructions, and processes
Provide solutions to manufacturing assembly
Prepare design reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information
Create 3D models of design details using Catia
Prepare manufacturing drawings using GDT for manufacturability and repeatability in Catia
Creation and maintenance of a Bill of Materials for one or more projects
Manage relationships with key material and component vendors
Provide technical support to vendors and manufacturing teams
Ensure compliance with safety  regulatory standards
May require up to 30 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned.

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in engineering or related field required
A minimum of three (3) years of mechanical design experience (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Experience in aircraft or automotive instrumentation design
Experience in flight test instrumentation preferred
Experience with project management, development programs, and prototyping
Experience in crafting CNC machining, additive manufacturing, and sheet metal components
Knowledge of ASME Y14.5 Standards and Catia
Highly collaborative and works well both independently and with a team
Internal and external customer focus
Ability to solve complex mechanical design problems
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow-up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Proficiency with Excel VLOOKUP, pivot tables, MS Office Suite

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
 
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:133,120—186,160 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!