Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do:
The Manager, Quality Management System will develop and implement a Quality Management System (QMS) to support future Advanced Air Mobility (AAM) design, manufacturing  operations. This role reports directly to the Sr. Manager of Quality and will work in close collaboration with cross-functional teams, including engineering, safety, supply chain, manufacturing, compliance, and policy. You will develop processes and procedures consistent with U.S. Federal Aviation Administration regulations. Additionally, you will ensure that all Supernal quality management processes are implemented consistently and in accordance with international Standards and industry standard methodology.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:
Quality Management Systems (QMS)

Develop, implement, and maintain Supernals QMS including documentation (policies, manuals, procedures, work instructions, and forms) to ensure compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements and industry standards, such as FAA 14 Code of Federal Regulation Part 21.137 and Aerospace Standard 9100.
Integrated Management Systems (IMS)
Support the implementation of Supernals Safety Management System (SMS) to ensure a broad approach and integrated framework that combines QMS and SMS processes to achieve greater organizational efficiency and consistency.

Continuous Improvement

Continually improve the suitability, adequacy, and efficiency of the QMS via monitoring and measuring activities, audits, and outputs from management review meetings.

Audit Program

Develop, implement, and maintain the QMS Audit Program, including relevant processes, strategies, and schedules.
Plan and conduct internal audits to evaluate the performance and effectiveness of the QMS.
Serve as primary company representative in third-party certification or FAA quality system audits.

Training Program

Support the development of the QMS Training Program, including content, schedule, delivery methods, and effectiveness verification methods.
Performance Monitoring, Measuring, and Reporting
Prepare and provide reports on QMS performance, key performance indicators, and improvement initiatives to Sr. Manager of Quality.

QMS Digital Tools

Lead the evaluation and implementation of digital tools necessary to operate and measure the performance of the QMS.
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel.
Other duties as assigned. 

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in Quality management, engineering, or related field required (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered) 
A minimum of 10 years experience in aviation manufacturing, including experience in development and implementation of aviation Quality Management Systems for certificated air operators or aircraft manufacturers required.
Proven experience in developing Quality Management Systems for organizations that hold an FAA production certificate.
Proven experience developing Quality Management Systems certified to be aligned with the AS9100 standard.

You may also be able to contribute:

Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Self-motivated and forward-thinking personality
Proficiency with Excel VLOOKUP, pivot tables, MS Office Suite

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:194,638—291,957 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!