Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do:
The Supply Chain Logistics Manager will ensure Supernal transports high quality products on time, every time. The individual is responsible for part transport internationally to Supernal facilities through receiving and delivered to the work center on time, in the quantity needed, and damage free. This role will support test, evaluation, certification, manufacturing operations, facilities, and reports to Supply Chain Leadership. This position is key to complete the build of the vehicles.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Create a team capable of achieving throughput and quality that pushes beyond the standard
Understand master production targets to coordinate resources ensuring teams and transport ready hardware and equipment are available and in condition to ship
Identify and mitigate schedule risks to ensure limited production interruptions
Optimize shipping, inventory, and warehouse procedures
Analyze demand for supply and forecast future needs
Supports inventory and warehousing
Ensuring all parts and equipment needed for aircraft arrive on time
Ensure quality and conformance to specifications
Facilitates transportation to designated Supernal facilities
Evaluates bids and proposals submitted by carriers and 3PLs in alignment with budget
Lead efforts to transition product from final integration to test facilities
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in Logistics, Supply Chain Management, or a related field preferred
Proven 5-8 years experience in international logistics at a 3PL or manufacturer
Siemens software experience preferred

You may also be able to contribute:

Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Self-motivated and forward-thinking personality
Proficiency with Excel VLOOKUP, pivot tables, MS Office Suite

 
Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:162,198—243,298 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!