Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Thermal Systems team is responsible for the thermal management of the energy storage system, electric motor, motor control electronics, air-conditioning, and other LRUs. The Thermal Mechanical Engineer participates in shaping the thermal design of the future of electric aircraft. The role works closely with Battery Research and technology, Dynamic Systems, Airframe, Assembly and integration, and System Safety teams to ensure the thermal systems components are accurately selected, represented, and integrated within the aircraft.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Understand thermal management requirements for safe battery, electric motor, motor control, and drive system thermal performance
Mechanical design and packaging of Thermal Management System components to meet system and aircraft requirements while optimizing for efficiency, cost, weight, manufacturability, and serviceability
Develop technical requirements and specifications for sourced components, and manage system interfaces
Participate in thermal test setup design, running experimental tests, and analyzing test data
Model the coolant network including aircraft components, routing, valves, pumps, tanks, heat exchangers, and our primary heat rejection and storage devices
Develop compact heat rejection devices for sub-system components including cold plates and heat sinks, and their interfaces to heat sources and the thermal management system
Define and mature mechanical and fluid interfaces with aircraft systems to include airframe, transmissions, battery system, and motor and motor control systems
Collaborate with supplierspartners to ensure program milestones are achieved
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in Mechanical, Aerospace, or related engineering field required
Minimum of three (3) years of experience in electric transportation, aerospace, or similar industries (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Proficient design, packaging, and 3D modeling skills; CATIA (3DEXPERIENCE) preferred
Ability to effectively lead supplier and product development efforts
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints

You may also be able to contribute:

Experience with computational fluid dynamics andor 1D system modeling (GT-Suite)
Experience with the life cycle of thermal management systems development, qualification, production, and product support
Familiarity with practical application of DO-160
Experience working in the aviation industry and working with regulatory agencies

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:133,120—186,160 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!