Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Sr. Propulsion Mechanical Engineer along with the Electric Propulsion team is responsible for design, integration, qualification, and certification of energy storage system, high voltage distribution, electric motor, power electronics, and thermal management. This position works closely with Battery Research  Technology, Airframe, Assembly  Integration, Vehicle Management System, Manufacturing, and Quality teams.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Lead collaboration with Electric Propulsion and other Air Vehicle teams to develop propulsion system requirements, functions, and interfaces
Design and development of electric propulsion system components and systems. This includes, but is not limited to, development of electrical, mechanical, and thermal architectures and interfaces in the context of the air vehicle
Translate requirements into system integration layouts and design using aerospace best practices and standards
Lead rapid prototyping activities for conceptual design functional checks
Direct conversations with the manufacturing team to ensure design for manufacturing (DFM) methods are applied to designs
Nurture and manage supplier relationships to define, scope, and select components and drive successful program execution and compliance with requirements
Lead multi-functional working groups to identify efficient layout and integration of propulsion systems
Generate design packages, including technical specifications, test plans and reports, 3D component and installation detailed drawings, and analysis reports
Lead testing activities, including test coordination, test execution, and analysis of test data
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in Mechanical, Aerospace, or other related field of Engineering required; Masters degree preferred
Minimum 5 years of experience with life cycle of vehicle design, qualification, production, and product support (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Expertise in 3D CAD modeling in CATIA, NX, or similar and aptitude in conceptual layouts, interface maturation, and detailed design
Proficiency in ASME Y14.5 GDT tolerance stack analysis and dimensioning
Analytical experience with performance, thermal management, static stress, or dynamic stress
Proficiency with either electrical or hydrocarbon propulsion systems
Expertise with vehicle checkout and testing
Familiarity with FAA part 2325272933
Familiarity with Matlab or similar programming language
Strong ability to identify and communicate risks, and drive issues to closure
Solid understanding of how to apply Aerospace Standards
Eagerness to expand skills and knowledge into electric aviation propulsion systems
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints

You may also be able to contribute:

Familiarity with practical application of DO-160 preferred

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:166,400—232,960 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!