Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Facilities Site Manager plays a crucial role in supervising and optimizing the operational aspects of our facilities. You will oversee the day-to-day operations of our facility, ensuring a safe, efficient, and well-maintained environment. Responsibilities include, evaluating and design space, coordinating onsite vendors, and supervising facility projects and build outs to support our organization goals and deliver an exceptional workplace experience.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Lead a facilities team in alignment with the Facilities Operations Manager in addition to external vendors.
Assist Facilities Management with planning and supervising large construction and renovation projects.
Plan office space according to current and future needs.
Assist Facilities Management in creating a long-term facility strategy  be a key contributor.
Work Closely with the Environmental, Health  Safety Manager to support company compliance requirements.
Lead the onsite food  beverage program.
Consistently monitor the culture and propose ways to make this an exciting place to work.
Ability to accurately forecast department spend for budget cycles.
Liaise with building management where and when appropriate.
Work with Engineering teams to design and build out facilities.
Supervise all building functions including day-to-day maintenance.
Pro-actively recommending any upgrades, changes, and improvements to our facilities and services.
Control activities such as parking, building security, waste disposal, service contracts, vendor services, etc.
Lead other fringe benefits such as game rooms, social events, team building offsite events, massage program, etc. that brings value and helps with attrition.
Hire and train staff as needed to build the organization under this position.
Handle day-to-day operations until the Facilities team is hired.
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel.
Other duties as assigned.

What you can contribute:

8 to 10 years of proven experience in facilities management andor property management required.
High school diploma required.
Associate or bachelors degree preferred.
Experience in space planning, managing onsite space, and various types of employee related services such as snacks, beverages, and lunches
Experience managing onsite vendors
Experience in facility build outs and expansion and managing architects, general contractors, and other related subcontractors
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints.
Self-motivated and forward-thinking personality
Proficiency with Excel VLOOKUP, pivot tables, MS Office Suit

You may also be able to contribute:

Have working knowledge of EHS and Security
Experienced working in EVTOL (preferred but not required) and RD environment with equipment, high voltage, hazardous chemicals and processes, waste management, etc.

 
Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:162,198—243,298 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!