Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Lead Flight Test Engineer works closely with core engineering and operations teams on planning and execution of flight test campaigns. This role is a critical contributor in enabling safe, efficient experimental flight testing. The role is responsible for developing test plans, writing test cards, and participating in flight readiness reviews, test readiness reviews, and risk assessments. The Flight Test Engineer will work closely with aircraft maintenance to ensure that the flight vehicle is in proper configuration for testing, coordinates ground  flight tests, performs data analysis, writes test reports, documents test results, and troubleshoots issues. An understanding and working knowledge of flight test instrumentation and data acquisition and have strong configuration management skills. This role also has responsibility to provide mentorship to more junior Flight Test Engineers.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Technical lead of a vehicle flight test engineering team
Acquiring comprehensive knowledge of air vehicles systems
Experience in leading the development and execution of flight test campaigns and associated processes
Generating system-level flight test procedures and deriving and tracking flight requirements
Collaborating with engineers, flight test pilots, and the test operations support team to develop flight test plans and write flight test cards
Planning, organizing, and executing flight test operations
Ensuring the test vehicle is properly configured to meet test objectives
Leads test daily test conduct
Leading daily flight test coordination and communication
Analyzing data, documenting results, and troubleshooting obstacles
Coordinating with multiple teams in support of flight test objectives and risk hazard assessments
Experience in data reduction and analysis to compare against expected test outcomes
Advocate and leader of a strong safety culture
May require up to 25 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors in an applicable engineering field or equivalent required; Masters degree preferred
Minimum ten (10) years of experience in experimental flight testing
Experience testing complex flight control, power management and avionics systems preferred
Experience managing deficiencies, limitations, and restrictions in a flight test environment
Experience operatingtesting of remotely piloted aircraft preferred
Experience with first flight of experimental aircraft preferred
Experience in FAA certification test programs and thorough knowledge of Part 21 and Part 23 or 25 or 27 or 29 preferred
Familiarity with experimental aircraft airworthiness release process
Strong background in authoring flight test plans and reports
Expertise in data analysis with MATLAB, IADS, other tools preferred
Familiarity with FAA orders 4040.26B, 8100.4C, 8130.34D preferred
Private pilot or higher rating preferred
Part 107 Pilot qualified preferred
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Proficiency in report writing and developing manuals
Proficiency in aerodynamics, aircraft performance, andor digital flight controls preferred
Must be able to pass FAA Class III Flight Physical

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:192,400—289,120 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!