Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Technical Writer supports the development of eVTOL urban air mobility product  services solutions. This position requires strong technical writing skills with the ability to understand complex technical matters bound to aerospace, mechanical, electrical, and software engineering. The role combines academic and technical writing style and applies appropriate methods for research, information extraction, and capture of different technical contents related to the product development process, certification, analysis, and usage. The technical writer works closely with other engineering disciplines and liaises closely with the Chief Engineer to ensure correct, rigorous, and user-friendly documentation.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Develop comprehensive documentation that meets organizational standards
Gain deep understanding of development components, and translate complex information into simple, polished, content
Write user-friendly content that meets the needs of target audience, turning insights into language for user success
Develop and maintain detailed database of reference materials, including research, usability tests, and design specifications
Evaluate current content and develop innovative methods for improvement
Research, outline, write, and edit content, working closely with various departments to understand project requirements
Gather information from subject-matter experts and develop, organize, and write procedure manuals, technical specifications, and process documentation
Research, create, and maintain information architecture templates that adhere to organizational and legal standards and allow for easy data migration
Develop content in alternative media forms for maximum usability, with consistent voice across all documentation efforts
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in journalism, communications, literature or relevant technical field required
Minimum three (3) years of experience in technical writing, preferably in the aerospace industry (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Experience in software development
Experience working with engineers to improve user experience (ex: design, UI), refine content, and create visuals and diagrams for technical support content
Experience in writing documentation and procedure manuals for various audiences
Firm understanding of SDLC (systems development lifecycle)
Able to use Atlassian and office tools to create documentation
Proven ability to quickly learn and understand complex subject matter
Superb written communication skills, with a keen eye for detail
Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:133,120—186,160 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!