Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
 
What we do: 
Product Managers improve customer experiences, generate new product ideas, and outline detailed product strategies, among other duties. The Product Manager, Propulsion and Energy Systems in the Product Office will play a critical role in shaping the product or business vertical and its direction to commercial success. The Product Manager will own the product strategy across one or multiple product verticals within the company.
The individual in this role will evolve from a Zero-to-1 product mentality to a 1-to-N product mentality over time. As a product manager and strategist, this position will identify the key team members to develop a relationship of trust, transparency, and integrity that yields opportunities to establish and grow the market. The Product Manager will formulate key initiatives, required plans for implementation, and manage and deliver on commitments. This role will consistently work closely with all other teams within Supernal and other Hyundai Motor Group (HMG) affiliates to facilitate strong collaboration and deliver successful multi-modal mobility solutions.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Own and outline product strategy and roadmap for the propulsion and energy systems on and off-board the aircraft
Develop business model and plans to drive Go-To-Market strategy to support the business development and commercialization teams
Determining feature requirements, key offerings and cost strategies to support technology and solution development
Researching customer experiences and demands; improving customer experiences; clearly articulates the voice of the customer to other team members, especially engineering
Support the Vehicle Product Manager
Generating new product ideas ensuring product strategy goals are accomplish on time, on budget, and according to specification
Coordinating, supporting and at times managing cross-functional teams and pivotal initiatives.
Managing product road maps and releases using the whole product concept
Develop gap analysis and maturation plans and strategies with the respective technical fellows and department heads
Identifying and filling product gaps to meet market and customer needs and collaborating with engineering to weigh product tradeoffs
Developing product cost and cost-out strategies
Working alongside engineering teams and supporting development and validation processes
Acting as a product evangelist and representing the company at public events
May require up to 50 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned.

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in Science or Engineering required
Ability to work with engineering and the business team to move from ideation to productization
Adept at working as part of a team while independently driving opportunities and results
Leadership and management experience in high intensity environments
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Project and product management standard methodologies
Strong ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Self-motivated and forward-thinking personality
Proficiency with Excel VLOOKUP, pivot tables, MS Office Suite
Ability to analyze industry trends and competitor behavior
Exceptional ability to identify improved product features and contribute to marketing strategies.

You may also be able to contribute:

Masters degree in science or engineering preferred
15 plus years of experience (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered) in power, propulsion, and energy industry or technology or similar required
Product management experience required (aerospace, energy, cleantech, mobility or similar preferred) with active experience in developing, managing, transitioning and pricing propulsion and energy solutions from zero to 1 and 1 to N for the automotive and aerospace market
Knowledge of supply chain management, materials science and battery chemistry, battery manufacturing, power system development (inverters and motors) and related fields required
Understand aerospace market and life cycle
Experience in gathering and interpreting qualitative product data and consumer feedback
Background in controls systems (Flight Critical), avionics, MBSE models and systems architecture development and analysis is preferred
PMP a plus
Pilots license a plus

 
Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:232,960—349,440 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!