Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Automation Engineer, MES (Manufacturing Execution System) provides design and technical support for MES solutions. This role plays a pivotal part in short-term and long-term MES planning and development. The engineer collaborates with other stakeholders and subject matter experts spanning across the entire product life cycle at the component, system, and aircraft-level. The position aims to optimize our manufacturing processes and ensure seamless data flow throughout our systems for our new eVTOL aircraft.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

System Support  Maintenance: Maintain and troubleshoot the current MES solution, ensuring consistent performance and rectifying any issues promptly
Strategic Development: Participate in the long-term planning and enhancement of the MES system, aligning it with our companys manufacturing and data goals
Integration: Ensure that MES integrates with other systems
Training: Provide training to super users and area SMEs on the MES system, ensuring they can effectively use the platform and train their respective teams
Continuous Improvement: Monitor MES usage and performance metrics to identify areas of improvement and implement necessary changes
Documentation: Maintain up-to-date system documentation for troubleshooting, training, and reference
Collaboration: Work closely with the MES and operations management team members to ensure consistent data architecture and system performance
May require up to 25 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Associates degree in computer science, data science, information systems, or a related field required; Bachelors degree preferred
Minimum of three (3) years of experience in a similar role, preferably in the aerospace or automotive manufacturing environments (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Proficient in SQL, Python, and data visualization tools like Tableau or Power BI
Must have experience with database design, data modeling, and data architecture principles
Ability to manage multiple software solutions
Strong understanding of data management
Excellent listening and comprehension skills
Excellent planning, organizing, and coordinating skills
Excellent customer service skills
Ability to manage competing priorities
Ability to pick up and apply new concepts
Ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams
Strong analytic and problem-solving skills
Ability to act with integrity, professionalism, and confidentiality
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Sense of urgency, proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail

You may also be able to contribute:

Experience designing and developing flight-worthy products preferred
Experience in aviation certification environment preferred
Experience with development programs preferred
Experience in prototyping environments preferred
Experience with project management preferred
Experience with aerospace or automotive production software preferred
Experience in project management preferred
Experience or aptitude to learn GraphQL and RestAPI preferred
Experience working with Webhooks preferred

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:133,120—186,160 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!