Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
 
What we do: 
Product Managers improve customer experiences, generate new product ideas, and outline detailed product strategies, among other duties. The Product Category Manager, Controls Systems in the Product Office will play a critical role in shaping the product or business vertical and its direction to commercial success. The Product Manager will own the product strategy across one or multiple product verticals within the company.
The individual in this role will evolve from a Zero-to-1 product mentality to a 1-to-N product approach over time. As a product manager and strategist, this position will identify the key team members to develop a relationship of trust, transparency, and integrity that yields opportunities to establish and grow the market. The Product Manager will formulate key initiatives, required plans for implementation, and manage and deliver on commitments. This role will consistently work closely with all other teams within Supernal and other Hyundai Motor Group (HMG) affiliates to facilitate strong collaboration and deliver successful multi-modal mobility solutions.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Own Product Strategy and Roadmap for the Vehicles Management Systems team across controls, simplified vehicle operations and avionics systems
Support the implementation of vital MBSE based development structure to incorporate current and future requirements for product introduction
Determining feature requirements and capabilities that drive differentiators and key technology enablers for migration to next generation controls strategy
Work with Technical fellows and the test, evaluation and certification team to develop strategies for path of the least resistance to certification and future block upgrades
Researching customer experiences and demands; improving customer experiences; clearly articulates the voice of the customer to other team members, especially engineering
Generating new product ideas ensuring product strategy goals are accomplish on time, on budget, and according to specification
Supervising, supporting and at times managing cross-functional teams and pivotal initiatives.
Managing product road maps and releases using the whole product concept
Understanding product selling points and collaborating with business development and marketing to ensure commercial success
Identifying and filling product gaps to meet market and customer needs and collaborating with engineering to weigh product tradeoffs
Developing product cost, feature set value, pricing and market positioning strategies
Working alongside engineering teams to determine the specific capability sets and new technology introduction path for new feature sets
Working with PR, BD-Sales and marketing teams to manage product launches
Acting as a product evangelist and representing the company at public events
May require up to 50 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned.

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in Science or Engineering required
Ability to work with engineering and the business team to move from ideation to productization
Adept at working as part of a team while independently driving opportunities and results
Product management experience required (aerospace)
Leadership and management experience in focused environments
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Project and product management standard methodologies
Have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Self-motivated and forward-thinking personality
Proficiency with Excel VLOOKUP, pivot tables, MS Office Suite
Ability to analyze industry trends and competitor behavior.
Exceptional ability to identify improved product features and contribute to marketing strategies.
Ability to communicate work to senior executives and collaborate with the product development, sales, and marketing teams.
Proficiency in compiling project status, risk management, and marketing reports

You may also be able to contribute:

Masters degree in science or engineering preferred. 
15-20 years of experience (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered) in avionics, controls, simplified vehicle operations, autonomy systems or similar development, deployment and transition from zero to 1 and 1 to N in aviation required.
Knowledge of supply chain management, pricing, flight simulation and training, federal aviation regulations, and related fields required.
Solid understanding of advanced technology, aviation, transportation, or financeinvestment market.
Experience in gathering and interpreting qualitative product data and consumer feedback.
Background and experience in an active role (design, development, implementation, manufacturing andor operations) in technology, aviation, or transportation market is preferred.
PMP a plus
Pilots license a plus

 
Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:232,960—349,440 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!