Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Software Process and Standards Engineer generates and manages the DO-178C Plans and Standards for the Supernal vehicle, including but not limited to the PSAC, SDP, SRP, SCMP, SCS. The role owns and drives the interaction with the certification authorities (FAA, EASA) to achieve certification in 2028. This role is supported by other members of the avionics software team who will provide details to be written in the Plans and Standards.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Creation of the DO-178C Plans, including but not limited to Plan for Software Aspects of Certification, Software Development Plan, Software Requirements Plan, Software Quality Assurance Plan, Software Verification Plan and Software Configuration Management Plan
Creation of the DO-178C Standards, including but not limited to Software Coding Standard, Software Modeling Standard, Software Design Standards, and Software Requirements Standard
Technical interaction with members of the software development team, software requirements team, software verification team, etc.
Production of other documentation to support the software plans and standards
Manage the software certification with the certification authorities (FAA, EASA): SOI1, SOI2, SOI3, SOI4, etc.
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree required. 
A minimum of three (3) years of experience in a software certification environment andor software systems (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Familiarity with avionics systems and software
Familiarity with software certification
Familiarity with software quality assurance
Preferred experience with software requirements
Preferred experience with avionics requirements
Preferred experience with regulatory authorities (e.g., FAA)
Preferred experience with IMA systems
Preferred experience with hardware certification (e.g. PHAC, DO-254)
Able to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Self-motivated and forward-thinking
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:133,120—186,160 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!