 
Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Battery Lab Safety  Test Technician I works to install, build, and test equipment in a functioning battery lab. The technician uses knowledge of wiring and circuitry, in order to properly set up, test and troubleshoot lab equipment. The role collaborates closely with the Energy Storage Systems team as well as other engineering departments.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Maintain operation of battery safety lab by creating and maintaining lab usage schedule aligned with project priorities
Create and implement battery safety lab SOPs
Ensure all safety procedures are followed and lab is operated in a safe manner
Identify key operational risks and work across teams to develop solutions, escalating where appropriate
Evaluate and ensure wiring and installation of custom testing equipment
Fabricate and modify testing fixtures and equipment
Install lab test chambers
Partner with sourcing to ensure pipeline of lab consumables
Collaborate with engineering for scheduling, test setup, BOM execution
Create, maintain, and communicate test schedules that align with milestones
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Associates degree in electronics, equivalent military electronics training or related field required
One (1) year experience working in a battery lab (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Experience with safety requirements in a lab or machining environment
Exposure to and ability to meet safety requirements in a lab or machining environment
Ability to troubleshoot machinery
Ability to keep machinerylab operational
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Sense of urgency, proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints

You may also be able to contribute:

Experience in a startup lab preferred
Experience in battery environmental, safety  abuse testing and verification preferred

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location.The per-hour pay range for this position is:29.87—36.58 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!