Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Civil Certification Engineer  Electrical Systems  Powertrain is responsible for serving as the technical point of contact between the electrical engineering disciplines (powertrain, energy storage, etc) and the certification department.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Support the senior civil certification engineers at the project-level and support certification initiatives as assigned
Maintain awareness of new regulatory requirements and guidance materials as they are released
Liaise between the certification and engineering teams, to include: coordinating certification requirements updates to the engineering team and providing certification inputs as part of the design process. As well as, communicating any design changes or proposed design changes with potential certification impacts back to the certification team
Support technical meetings between FAA and internal team members as they relate to electrical systems certification
Participate in applicable industry working groups
Support cross-functional disciplines
Provide technical inputs and checks of certain certification documents
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in aerospaceaeronautical, electrical, systems, industrial engineering or related field required 
Minimum three (3) years of experience working with aircraft electrical systems design, electrical components, and system safety analysis (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered) 
Working knowledge of industry standards related to aircraft electrical systems and components (SAE, RTCA, EUROCAE, etc.)
Experience with 14 CFR airworthiness requirements (Parts 23, 25, 27, andor 29)
Experience with document and data organizationmanagement
Basic knowledge of aircraft certification fundamentals
Knowledge of the FAA type certification and production certification processes
Desire to learn technical subject matter and all aspects of certification processes to proficiency
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to support and communicate with cross functional teams
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Self-motivated and forward-thinking personality
Team-oriented approach to problem solving and knowledge sharing
Proficiency with MS Office Suite including Excel VLOOKUP and pivot tables

You may also be able to contribute:

Familiarity with EWIS regulations
Experience working with FAA engineers andor DERs
Experience in Jira andor DOORs
Experience using MS Office Excel VBA macros and database tools
Project management experience

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:133,120—186,160 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!