Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Sr. Power Electronics Engineer  HVs responsibilities are to specify, design, develop and validate high voltage and high-power electronic converters for power control or motor control to be used in distributed HV bus system for eVTOL applications. This role works closely with other battery engineers, motor control engineers and system technologists to develop and integrate power electronic converters with battery HV distribution in the aircraft.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Design and develop power electronic converters for DCDC converter systems, charger systems, motor drives (for PMSM motors)
Design interface and control circuits for power electronic converters including gate drive circuits for high power MOSFETs and IGBTs
Architect power converter EM noise  ESD suppression strategy when power converters are used in HV distribution networks between batteries and motor drives
Develop power converter designs to meet HV power quality requirements like ripple current control, limiting common mode conducted EM noise injection in to HV bus, DC bus resonance avoidance, power disruption ride through capability, inrush current control and, regenerated energy control.
Develop, design and validation requirements for power electronic converters to be developed by external vendors
Perform analytical and physical assessments on the high-power electronic converter systems to ensure the designs adaptability and reliability matches with requirements.
Support selection of electrical parts like HVDC contactors, pyro fuses, currentvoltage sensors for ESS at module and system level considering fault discrimination, latency, Fault impedance and I2t requirements of power electronic converters
Simulate power loss, temperature profiles, thermal cycle behavior of power converters and HV power distribution system to optimize performance.
Conduct and participate in design reviews, incorporating team feedback, and releasing design documents.
May require up to 25 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in Electrical or Power Electronic  Control Engineering required; Masters degree preferred
Minimum five (5) years of demonstrated experience in Power electronic DCDC converter, inverter hardware development for Industrial, automotive, or aerospace applications (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Proficient in developing HV (500-1000V  100 - 500kW) power electronic DCDC converter, EV power train motor drives and HV DC chargers
Experience in design with wide bandgap high power semiconductors
Experience with multiple PWM strategies and topologies for High power conversion
Experience in developing power electronics for field-oriented control of motor or grid connected chargers
Hands-on experience in prototype builds of high voltage high power inverters and DC DC converters
Solid ability to develop HW to meet environmental, EMIEMC, lightening, thermal, shock  vibration
Solid understanding of harmonic and ripple current effects on HV power quality, conducted EM noise, common mode EM noise effects
Working-level understanding of Li-Ion based battery characteristics
Excellent skills in technical communication, and reliance on data for issue resolution and decision making
Sense of urgency, proactive delivery of communication and follow-up

You may also be able to contribute:

Experience in aviation industry preferred

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Click HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!