Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do:
The Digital Transformation Technical Project Manager supports helping Supernal become more productive and effective by digitizing traditional analog processes and approaches (e.g., driving technology adoption and developing digital solutions). This position is responsible for providing project planning and management for digital transformation initiatives with top-down oversight from inception to completion. This role is the lead subject matter authority regarding digital solutions and technology concerns. A core part of the business, the coordinator will partner closely with teams across the business including core operations, business, and engineering to ascertain business needs and requirements, drive data driven digital change and adoption, and ultimately increase productivity and outcomes through digital solutions.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Responsible for leading all aspects of the design, development, and implementation of projects
Builds and leads project plans for digital transformation initiatives and partners across business teams to lead project success
Facilitates requirements gathering and assists with the creation of project results as needed
Leads project delivery resourcesteam providing project guidance and direction to achieve project goals
Monitors and reviews project progress and timelines; adjusts schedules and plans as needed; identifies and resolves issues to ensures project success
Handles daily execution of project implementations, documentations, and status updates for the project
Ensure effective adoption of major digital infrastructure projects in close collaboration with the subject matter authorities, passionate about the user
Drives the identification of change management impacts in coordination with the change management team. Provides successful oversight of execution activities to ensure adoption and adherence
Supports the company OKRs by being responsible for the publishing of critical metrics and key results
Develops and cultivates great cross-functional team partnerships
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in Management Information Systems, Computer Science, or a related technical field with equivalent experience required
5 years of infrastructure management, software engineering, or technical productprogram management experience required
Experience in delivering tech programs or products from inception to delivery, having worked closely with IT and data analytics
Communication experience and experience working with technical management teams to develop systems, solutions, and products

You may also be able to contribute:

Knowledge of user needs, gathering requirements, and defining scope
Experience with large-scale technical implementations, having handled cross functional dependencies, risks, and changes effectively by optimizing scope, schedule, and resources accordingly
Ability to build positive relationships working with IT and stakeholder management across core operations
Agile, user centric approach
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Self-motivated and forward-thinking personality
Proficiency with Excel VLOOKUP, pivot tables, MS Office Suite

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:159,881—223,602 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!