Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
 
What we do: 
The Test Program Integration Engineer is responsible for coordinating and handling all high-level test requirements, including those for laboratory, ground, and flight tests. This includes ensuring that all program requirements are met, tracking test deliverables, and maintaining traceability throughout the process. The Test Program Integration Engineer will oversee the critical path visibility of these events to ensure that program milestones are met on time. They will also coordinate the procurement of test aircraft and engineering parts, track instrumentation requirements, manage configuration changes, and monitor ground and flight test limitations and advisories. Additionally, this role will help manage integrated Test Program Risks and Opportunities and support program-level status updates.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Assess the Change Management system for test requirement tracking, visibility, and coordination
Ensure requirement traceability from driving requirements to test deliverables
Track the technical, schedule, and budget risks and opportunities in the Test Program
Analyze program limitations and advisories
Test aircraft configuration requirements
Test program conformity requirements
Support the development of processes and high-level program status
Collaborate with program leaders, engineers, safety personnel, quality management staff, procurement specialists, and members of the test organization
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in ABET-accredited Engineering required
Minimum of five (5) years of engineering experience (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Experience in Aerospace Test and Evaluation
Demonstrate strong interpersonal skills when interacting with peers, internal and external customers, and contractor representatives
Must be able to work well in a team environment
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Sense of urgency, proactive delivery of communication, and follow up
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints independently
Proficiency with Excel VLOOKUP, pivot tables, MS Office Suite

You may also be able to contribute:

SEIT Experience preferred
IBM QM, CCM, andor RM (DOORS) experience preferred
Program Management experience preferred

 
Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:133,120—186,160 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!