Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do:
The Sr. Supply Chain Planner is responsible for planning and leading the flow of materials and products from the source to the end customer. You will drive the supply and demand of Air Vehicle hardware to meet dates needed for integration. You work with a sense of urgency, you can effectively communicate and drive action upstream and downstream, and you are a great teammate and a mentor. You will make an impact and drive action.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Develop, maintain, and communicate scope, schedule and progress across the business
Establish and maintain effective communications with internal customers and senior management
Monitor hardware schedule commitments and direct appropriate personnel of possible impacts, changes, and risks
Anticipating factors that might affect the demand and supply of materials and products, such as seasonal variations, promotions, disruptions, or new product launches
Maintaining enough inventory to meet customer demand without overstocking or under stocking
Preparing and presenting reports and forecasts on the supply chain performance, issues, and opportunities
Initiative, attend, and chair supply chain planning reviews
Responsible for developing and supporting processes
Support stakeholders to ensure all deliverables and expectations are met
Signal procurement to place new orders and work with suppliers on VMI vendor management inventory setup
Update management and engineering teams on all material constraints and critical supply issues
Analyze supply chain data and report out inventory metrics (cycle counts)
Ability to develop and maintain strong relationships across multi-functional teams
Manage inventory level targets and review issued bill of materials per work completion
Ensure correct quantity requirements, parts allocations, and maintaining vehicle deliverables
Resolve purchase order discrepancies and update deliverables statuses
Scheduling of activities, deliverables, and achievements within a project scope
Release work orders and prioritize workload
Scheduling job sequences from start to finish date (duration) and review resources assigned to each activity
Coordinate the logistics for manufacturing requests

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in operations, Supply Chain, Business Administration, Engineering, or related field required
5 years of experience in supply chain, purchasing agent, logistics analyst, purchasing manager required
Experience in planning and scheduling preferred
Manufacturing and production background preferred
Intermediate MS Excel and MS Project user
Entry Smartsheet experience preferred

You may also be able to contribute:

Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Self-motivated and forward-thinking personality
Proficiency with Excel

 
Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:135,552—190,004 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!