Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Sr. Motor Control Systems Engineer is responsible for software, hardware, and algorithm development for the electric motor control units. This position works closely with Battery Research  Technology, Flight Control Systems, Vehicle Management Systems, and Test  Evaluation teams.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Coordinate requirement capturing and architectural definitions with Systems Engineering department
Capture system level requirements and specifications based on vehicle Key Performance Parameter (KPPs) and requirements. Help define requirements for motor control software and interfacing hardware components including all the sensors.
Perform validation of the requirements using simulation or test methods
Perform stability analysis to optimize the closed-loop control regulator dynamic performance
Participate in design, development, and implementation of motor controls algorithms for permanent magnet and induction motors
Work directly with engineers to define test plans, verification procedures, and review results
Assist with execution of test and verification of control algorithms using hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) and dyno test bench
Provide technical guidance and oversight to suppliers and Supernal software team for software development life cycle
Define and mature mechanical, electrical, and communication interfaces with aircraft systems that include airframe, wiring, transmissions, and vehicle management systems.
Collaborate with supplierspartners on technical development topics to ensure program milestones are achieved.
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel.
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in electrical engineering specialized in the electric motor drive or power electronics required; Masters or Ph.D. preferred
Minimum five to eight (5-8) years of related experience in the development, design, modeling and implementation of control algorithms for electric motors (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Minimum two (2) years of experience in formal requirements capturing (e.g. in DOORS).
Minimum two (2) years of experience with aviation standards such as RTCA DO-178C, DO-254A, and DO-160; and SAE ARP4761 and ARP4754
In-depth knowledge and hands on experience of field-oriented control (FOC).
Experience with pulse width modulation (PWM) schemes including sine PWM and space vector PWM
Experience working with hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) systems and code generation
Advanced knowledge of power electronics products for EV powertrain: ACDC converters, battery chargers, inverters, EMI filters, high voltage power distribution and others
Skilled in traditional (e.g. PID), multivariable, and advanced (e.g. Hinfinity, LQG, MPC) control system theory and its applications, including system modeling and simulation, linearization and stability analysis
Advanced understanding of EMC (electromagnetic compatibility) standards
Advanced understanding of electrical engineering protocols and standards
Advanced knowledge of DVPR and DFMEA
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Proficiency with Simulink or other multi-physics simulation tools

You may also be able to contribute:

Basic proficiency with embedded firmware development in CC
Proficient with modeling, simulation and validation using MatlabSimulink
Experience with multi-motor synchronization control system
Hands-on prototyping experience
Design experience with wide band gap devices
Experience with 500-1200 VDC systems
Experience working in aviation industry
Experience working with regulatory agencies

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:166,400—232,960 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!