Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Intelligent Systems team possesses knowledge of professional software engineering and standard processes for the entire software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, and testing. The Aerospace Engineer will be responsible for generating energy-aware trajectory algorithms on Supernals platform. A good knowledge of trajectory planning and control of aerospace vehicles in the presence of uncertainty is needed to perform this job.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Deploy trajectory algorithms on Supernals platform
Perform simulation and hardware testing on several components of the whole Urban Air Mobility (UAM) ecosystem
Define metrics for system validation and verification for trajectory following algorithms
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in aerospace engineering, robotics, or other related fields required or in process; Masters degree in process. 
Minimum one (1) year of experience in aerospace engineering or unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) related work (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Experience with modern control and classical control theory
Deep understanding of trajectory control
Hands-on experience in designing closed-loop control of Aerospace vehicles
Knowledge of adaptive control preferred
Experience with the simulation and the field tests of aerial vehicles, specifically drones
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Proficiency with Excel VLOOKUP, pivot tables, MS Office Suite, C, and ROS required; C and Python preferred

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
 
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location.The per-hour pay range for this position is:25—65 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!