Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Project Coordinator I, Energy Storage Systems (ESS) is responsible for ensuring project timelines are met by ensuring the delivery of consumable materials, maintaining inventories across the Energy Storage Systems team, and processing daily orders. The role works closely with the ESS engineering team to complete inventory management tasks including onboarding vendors and tracking of supplier and delivery information.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Facilitate meeting program timelines by ensuring required consumables are available for ESS team.
Serve as primary contact for suppliers, inventory control, data entry, and other tasks supporting program deliverables
Purchase tools and consumable materials on a daily basis
Maintain records of goods ordered and received
Onboard vendors for ESS projects
Provide supplier and delivery information to multiple departments within Supernal
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Associates degree required (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
One (1) year experience in RD lab environment preferred
Experience with purchasingordering using multiple platforms like SAP, Frevvo or comparable systems
Experience with data entry and record keeping
Must have strong customer service skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow-up
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Excellent listening and comprehension skills
Must have the ability to multitask and be able to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with demanding timelines
Ability to work in an environment with frequent interruptions
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite
Knowledge of office management systems and procedures

Physical demands and work environment:

Frequently required to utilize hand and finger dexterity
Occasional: Bending, kneeling, squatting, standing, walking, reaching, and overhead reaching
Maximumoccasional lifting: to 30 pounds

 
Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location.The per-hour pay range for this position is:24.94—30.28 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!