Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Product Engineer is responsible for delivering flight-worthy products and maturation of technologies to meet production cost and rate requirements. Success requires collaboration with other collaborators and subject matter experts spanning across the entire product life cycle at the component, system, and aircraft-level. The Product Engineer works closely with internal and external stakeholders from Airframe  AIT, VMS, Power Train, Flight Technology, Test  Evaluation, and the Program Management Office teams to ensure progress.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Assist Sr. Product Engineer(s) with the completion of engineering projects and schedule deliverables in Airframe  AIT domain
Assist in the development and execution of build plans driven by program milestones, critical paths, and risk register for the Airframe  AIT domain deliverables
Assist in the planning, execution, and trackingreporting of various assigned aspects of the engineering development for assigned project(s)
Support plans to conform to technical performance, cost, and schedule commitments
Support collaboration with supplierspartners to ensure program milestones are achieved
Support development of interface control documents and technical specifications
Support the development and execution of test plans and guide the integration, verification, validation, and documentation of requirements through the development cycle
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in STEM or related field required; Masters degree preferred
Minimum of three (3) years of directly applicable experience (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Experience in organizing, planning, scheduling, conducting, and coordinating workloads of technical team to meet established deadlines or achievements
Experience working in aviation industry and working with regulatory agencies
Experience with integrated product teams andor systems of systems framework
Experience with 3D CAD detail part design and assembly
Experience with development programs
Experience in prototyping andor start-up environments
Familiar with composite structures design and fabrication methods
Proficient with model-based definition
Self-starting, hands-on teammate with the ability to multi-task with limited direction
Proficient in project management, leadership, and communication
Ability to communicate prioritization and support accomplishment of work within time constraints
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:133,120—186,160 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!