Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Sr. Materials  Process Engineer applies their technical knowledge and expertise in Nondestructive Inspection development to support components across our vehicle. This role works toward building  implementing conventional and novel materials and process solutions while working with our partners to ensure delivered hardware meets requirements and leads to the certification and production of new AAM vehicles. This position collaborates with all Engineering verticals  Supply Chain teams during the design process.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Build top-level materials and process control plans and nondestructive inspection policy documentation
Participate in developing NDI requirements  standard methodologies for NDI
Lead the selection of NDI methods and development of techniques to satisfy design requirements
Develop internal process specifications that support manufacturing  ensure quality
Lead and coordinate testing for NDI method development, materials characterization, and design validation
Assist with supplier selection, development, qualifications, and ongoing evaluations and improvements
Lead training development and mentorship of junior NDI engineers
Participate in industry working groups, standards bodies, and relevant technical conferences and symposia to maintain awareness of technology developments  regulatory trends across academia and industry
May require up to 25 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in a STEM or related field required
Minimum of five (5) years of related experience (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Must have NAS410ASNT Level 3 certification in Ultrasonic Testing (UT) and at least one or more of the following: ThermalInfrared (IR), Laser (LM), Electromagnetic (ET), Magnetic Particle (MT), Liquid Penetrant (PT), Radiographic Testing (RT), or other Methods
Experience with process mapping, SPC, PFMEA, DFMEA and similar tools and techniques
Experience with the methods outlined in MIL-HDBK-1823
Experience with materials, fabrication methods, and inspection of composite and metallic parts and assemblies
Technically proficient in developing NDI test specifications, procedures, and generating acceptance reports
Operational knowledge of NDT equipment and other standard materials lab equipment
Knowledge of AMS, SAE, ASTM, MMPDS, CMH-17, and other standard bodies
Familiarity with statistical software, including Minitab, JMP, or similar
Proficiency with MS Office Suite tools such as Word, Excel, Project  Visio
Knowledge of Six Sigma, Lean,  DOE principals
Familiarity with a first principles approach to problem solving
Proactive and efficient delivery of communication and follow-up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work in a timely manner

You may also be able to contribute:

Six Sigma Green Belt or higher preferred
Knowledge of 3D CAD software such as CATIA, SolidWorks, NX, or similar preferred
Advanced experience developing UT, IR, LM, or other methods for structurally bonded joints preferred
Advanced knowledge of Computed Radiography (CR), Computed Tomography (CT), or Digital Radiography (DR) preferred
ExperienceTraining as a Radiation Safety Officer preferred

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:166,400—232,960 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!