Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Flight Simulation Engineer supports the air vehicle design, component test, and flight test with engineering flight simulation. This role executes flight simulation development to support design and testing of air vehicles throughout development stages following the guidance from staff engineers in the flight simulation and handling qualities team. The engineer collaborates regularly with the Airframe, VMS, Powertrain, Intelligent Systems, and other groups within Flight Technology and Supernal.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Support execution of flight simulation development to design and testing of air vehicles at various stages of development
Work with a team of Simulation Engineers from various departments to support system and subsystem simulation component development
Support maintenance and improvement of sound software development standards and processes
Support maintenance of a real-time flight simulation environment for pilot-in-the-loop and hardware-in-the-loop simulation
Support requirement verification activities in various engineering subject areas
Support test procedure development and test execution
Support engineering tool development to complete engineering tasks associated with the Simulator
May require up to 25 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in a relevant engineering field required
Minimum of three (3) years of relevant experience (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Experience developing engineering simulation environments to evaluate new and novel technologies at the vehicle system and sub-system levels
Experience with state-of-the-art, physics-based flight dynamics simulation tools such as FLIGHTLAB
Experience with interface messaging constructs found in Ethernet, Avionics and Serial protocols
Experience with MATLABSimulink for integration of flight control laws with simulation models
Experience with Common Image Generator Interface (CIGI)
General understanding of engineering simulation fundamentals, especially with regards to flight simulation of aircraft
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow-up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to follow the guidance from staff engineers and accomplish work within time constraints
Proficiency with MS Office Suite

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:133,120—186,160 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!