Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do:
The Sr. Internal Auditor is responsible for implementing a variety of assurance and consulting engagements focused on assessing the efficiency and effectiveness of Supernals business processes and their related controls. This includes responsibilities for understanding and documenting processes, testing controls, working with business leaders to develop responses to findings, and preparing reports.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Planning and implementing operational audits and consulting engagements
Analyzing and documenting complex and varied business processes
Identifying and assessing risks, as well as helping business leaders develop risk responses
Testing the design, implementation, and operating effectiveness of controls
Meeting with management and stakeholders to discuss findings and outcomes
Optimizing and maximizing the efficiency of audit activities
Coordinating with members of Compliance, Internal Controls, and Cybersecurity teams to ensure alignment and reduce duplicative efforts
May require up to 25 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Planning and implementing operational audits and consulting engagements
Bachelors degree in Accounting, Finance, or another related field of study required
Masters degree preferred
Minimum five (5) years of audit experience
Experience working in or supporting an internal audit department
Proven experience as an auditor
In-depth understanding of risk management and audit concepts, both in theory and in practical application
Experience working with Supply Chain Management functions such as sourcing, procurement, and logistics
Experience with SAP S4HANA, Ariba Procurement System andor Concur Travel Expense applications preferred
Experience in aviation or aerospace preferred
Project management experience preferred
Certified Internal Auditor, Certified Fraud Examiner, andor Certified Information Systems Auditor preferred

You may also be able to contribute:

Excellent ability and willingness to lead in complex and sometimes ambiguous situations
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Strong customer service and continuous improvement mentality
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Proficiency with Microsoft Office

 
Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:147,680—206,960 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!