Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Sr. Actuation Engineer is responsible for the development of the actuation system for the Supernal eVTOL flight control system. The role is heavily involved in developing efficient electro-mechanical actuation solution for aircraft flight control surfaces from conceptualizing and design to prototyping and manufacturing, and through production support. The role works closely with an outside supplier and internal technical teams including Flight Controls, Electrical  Wiring, Flight Technology, Airframe, and Test  Evaluation.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Participate in Actuation system lifecycle development activities including requirements definition, design reviews, procurementmanufacturing, and qualificationcertification
Define and mature the actuation system  actuator LRU requirements (Functional, Performance Safety, Environmental) and mechanicalelectrical interfaces
Provide technical guidance and oversight to actuator supplier through development lifecycle
Analyze actuation performance including mechanism kinematics, loadstress, and clearance
Support integrating actuation components 3D models into aircraft digital mockup model
Document system function and performance, including specifications  compliance reports
Support aircraft installation and integration, including writing and releasing engineering orders and functional test procedures required for flight test and production aircraft
Prepare and communicate design and technical material to management and stakeholders
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in mechanical or related engineering field required; Masters or Ph.D. degree preferred
Minimum five (5) years of experience with flight control actuation systemproduct development (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Experience with rotorcraft andor fixed-wing Fly-By-Wire flight control systemsproducts
Experience with new aircraft development, prototyping, certification, and production
Working knowledge of ASME Y14.5 Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GDT)
Familiarity with any FAA CFR parts 23252729 or other certification experience
Proficient using CAD modeling  drawing tools
Proficient using requirements capture and management tools
Knowledge of qualification and certification rules and standards applicable to commercial aircraft systems and equipment, including ARP 4754A, ARP 4761, DO-160
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail

You may also be able to contribute:

3D-ExperienceEnoviaCATIA preferred
DOORS NG preferred

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:166,400—232,960 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!