Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
 
What we do: 
The role of the Senior Test Instrumentation Engineer involves creating and installing data collection systems to aid Test  Evaluation projects. This position assists both ground-based and airborne test platforms as a technical contributor. It also requires working closely with technical engineering teams to design a system that meets the test instrumentation needs.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Use creativity and engineering principles towards the design of data acquisition and telemetry systems, including component and sensor selection
Design, procure, install, maintain, and upgrade test instrumentation and telemetry systems based on a set of given and derived requirements
Work directly with project technical teams to collect and understand the project design requirements
Provide solutions to manufacturing, assembly, and installation issues for data acquisition and telemetry systems
Create and maintain test article instrumentation parameter lists for one or more projects
Solve problematic instrumentation and telemetry components, then develop and execute repairs.
Build, maintain, and report instrumentation squawk lists for problematic parameters that cannot be fixed between tests
Represent the Test  Evaluation group in pre- and post-test briefings, reporting to the rest of the team on instrumentation and telemetry statusreadiness
Manage relationships with key material and component vendors
Provide technical support to vendors and manufacturing teams
Lead the efforts to procure hardware to support group functions
May require up to 50 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in engineering or related required
A minimum of five (5) years of test engineering field experience (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Proficiency with airborne data acquisition systems, e.g. Teletronics (TTC)
Proficiency with various types of transducers, signal conditioning, and data encoders
Proficiency with telemetry systems, e.g. Quasonix
Proficiency with flight test digital data recorders, e.g. Safran (formerly ZodiacHeim)
Proven knowledge of data processing and storage methods and systems
Knowledge of test methods and lab procedures
Knowledge of Mil Standards, Digital Busses architecture (ARINC, 1553)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Proficiency with Excel VLOOKUP, pivot tables, MS Office Suite including MS Project

You may also be able to contribute:

Experience using relational databases with some programming skills, SQL, VB, C, and .NET preferred
Hands-on experience in the fabrication and implementation of data acquisition and telemetry systems preferred

 
Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
 
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:166,400—232,960 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!