Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Sr. Autonomy Systems Safety Engineer is responsible for Autonomy product requirements definition and decomposition, systems design and analysis, systems integration, test, and verification. The engineer works as part of the Autonomy team to develop and mature the automation technologies that are central to the Supernal Advanced Air Mobility vision.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Generate and review safety assessments and analysis at the aircraft, system, and component levels.
Generate and maintain safety-derived requirements through the development life cycle
Collaborate with designers and developers to optimize the system and software architecture to maximize capability and safety, while costs and validation efforts
Support aircraft-level development and certification activities, including aircraft-level design reviews, system simulations and evaluations, safety reviews, and aircraft integration
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics field required; Masters degree preferred
Minimum of five (5) years of experience (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Experience with guidance material  such as Advisory Circular 23.1309-1E, SAE ARP 4761, and SAE ARP 4754A.
Experience with Requirement Management Tools: DOORS and MBSE Tool Rhapsody (IBM tool suite)
Experience with model based, code generation tools (e.g. MATLABSimulink, SCADE)
Experience with an embedded programming language (e.g., C, C, Rust, Ada)
Experience with agile software development practices
Experience with embedded devices
Experience in a regulatory environment
Experience with highly automated systems
Strong understanding of aviation software development or autonomy software development, and system communication protocols.
Basic understanding of RTCADO-178 and RTCADO-254
Proficient with Jira (Agile tool)
Strong architectural problem solver with attention to detail
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints

You may also be able to contribute:

Experience working with software and hardware requirements for onboard fault management systems preferred
Experience with analysis including but not limited to: Functional Hazard Assessment (FHA), Preliminary System Safety Assessment (PSSA), System Safety Assessment (SSA), Fault Tree Analysis (FTA), Common Mode Analysis (CMA), Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), Failure Modes and Effects Diagnostics Analysis (FMEDA), System-Theoretic Process Analysis (STPA)

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is: 166,400—232,960 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!