Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Model Based Software Engineer works with other members of the team to develop all modular application software expected to run on Supernals aircraft management computer, including logic, displays, guidance, navigation, and controls. This position helps develop our test infrastructure, including simulations, and participates in hardware integration. The Model Based Software Engineer will collaborate functionally with colleagues from other teams to support the overall success of the organization.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Participate in the first software build flying our prototype vehicle
Take ownership of one or more avionics applications
For each avionics application, perform the following:

Design the application to comply with requirements and development standards
Write and trace modelscode to avionics systems requirements
Collaborate with hardware and integration groups
Write application simulators to be used during desktop development and in the Integration Lab
Perform requirements-based testing on the desktop and in the Integration Lab
Work with simulated, laboratory, and field test data to debug applications
Create test and simulation tooling to accelerate avionics applications models development


Assist in building a lab for testing and integration of the avionics applications and systems
Additional duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics field
Masters degree preferred
A minimum of three (3) years of experience in Software coding (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Experience with model-based, code generation tools (e.g., MATLABSimulink, SCADE)
Experience with embedded devices
Familiarity with an embedded programming language (e.g., C, C, Rust, Ada)
Familiarity with avionic systems
Strong logic and problem-solving skills
Able to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Self-motivated and forward-thinking personality
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail

You may also be able to contribute:

Preferred experience in a regulatory environment
Preferred experience with IData

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:133,120—186,160 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!