Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Sr. Conceptual Design Engineer is part of the Conceptual Design Team supporting current and future product development. The role works to define and evaluate conceptual  preliminary designs that meet requirements developed by the strategy team. The engineer also manages the integration of major components into the vehicle and works with other disciplines to execute vehicle-level trade studies.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Create and manage conceptual and preliminary level aircraft configuration CAD models
Support the development and analysis of conceptual aircraft designs, including air vehicle layout, sizing, performance analysis, and weightcost estimation
Support sensitivity analyses to understand vehicle design risks with respect to desired performanceattributes from the strategy team
Support the engineering evaluation of competitor aircraft
Coordinate with other disciplines on the integration of major subsystems into the aircraft model
Lead aircraft configuration trade studies
Train  mentor junior engineers
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in relevant engineering field required; Masters degree preferred
Minimum five (5) years of experience (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Experience with Surfacing  Lofting in 3-D CAD software required
Proficient understanding of air vehicle sizingsynthesis
Proficient understanding of vertical lift aircraft design
Proficient understanding of airframe structure and systems integration to develop vehicle layouts
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints and amid technical ambiguity

You may also be able to contribute:

Experience with CATIA V63DEXPERIENCE preferred
Experience with PLM systems such as ENOVIA3DEXPERIENCE preferred
Experience with aircraft development programs preferred
Experience with electric aircraft analysis preferred

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:166,400—232,960 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!