Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
Supernal is seeking a Sr. Systems Integration Engineer, Aircraft Components for the overall assembly and integration product team. This role reports directly to the Aircraft Systems Integration Manager and will ensure accurate collaboration across all engineering functional groups. This will involve developing standardized processes and procedures while working closely with the design teams throughout the design phases. The Sr. Systems Integration Engineer, Aircraft Components will also assist in trade studies during the conceptual and preliminary design phases to meet the programs performance, weight, cost, and schedule requirements. Additionally, they will ensure that all aircraft subsystem requirements are met and efficiently packaged within the airframe structure. The Sr. Systems Integration Engineer, Aircraft Components will also be key in building prototype and flight test aircraft and transitioning to production flight vehicles.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Collaborate with various engineering subject areas to design high-reliability, safety-critical systems for an electric vertical takeoff and landing (eVTOL) aircraft
Zonal management of the digital mock-up for a large section of the aircraft
Control space allocation for all subsystems
Manage routing envelopes for all subsystems
Ensure all subsystems are accessible and maintainable
Manage interface requirements models (IRMs) for their zone
Manage the top aircraft assembly part number and BOM structure
Hold regular design fly-through meetings to resolve disconnects and improve design through CDR
Manage master geometry models for the respective zone
Ensure all system separation requirements are upheld
Collaborate with manufacturing engineering to ensure that the aircraft zones are designed effectively for the manufacturing process
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in engineering or related field required; Masters degree preferred
Minimum of five (5) years of experience in systems engineering, systems integration, or structural design engineering (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
CAD (CATIA V5V63DXNX), Enovia or Teamcenter
Strong understanding and experience with MBD, PLM, MES
Experience with Interface Control Document (ICD) and Interface Control Model (ICM) documentation preferred
Experience with Zonal Analysis desired
Experience working with multi-functional teams
Experience in aviation, automotive, andor the mobility space with UAS or UAM
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experience with project management
Highly collaborative and works well both independently and with a team
Sense of urgency, proactive delivery of communication, and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints

You may also be able to contribute:

Prior experience with conceptual design, testing, validation, certification, and manufacture of aircraft preferred
Electrical Wiring Interconnect System (EWIS) and Harness design experience preferred
Environmental Control Systems preferred
Electromagnetic Environmental Effects (E3) preferred
Familiarity with practical application of DO-160 desired
Aircraft Functional Hazard Assessment (AFHA) preferred

 
Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
 
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:166,400—232,960 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!