Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Battery Lab Technician  Mechanicals primary responsibilities are to design and build different test toolsfixtures for battery labs. This role helps organize and perform battery tests at cell level, module level and pack level. The technician also responds to emergency events involving tests andor equipment.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Design, perform engineering CAD model, and build different test toolsfixtures for battery labs
Responsible for procurement, setting up, maintaining, and calibrating laboratory equipment and battery machine shop
Ownership of HV safety protocols in battery characterization lab
Assist in writing and maintaining Standard Operating Procedures
Create and maintain organization of parts and equipment in the lab
Assist engineering staff with various hands-on and logistical needs
Mechanical fabrication of fixtures, enclosures, and test stands
Order, restock, and maintain lab components, tools and equipment
Perform electrical, mechanical, and thermal testing
Assist in the overall assembly, alignment, and test of mechanical assemblies to ensure conformance with performance requirements
Assist in the operation and calibration of laboratory support equipment used in assembly and alignment.
Disassemble, clean, lubricate, and reassemble optical stages and other precision equipment
Operates and maintains laboratory cryogenic and high vacuum systems
Assist lab manager with maintaining and configuring the general laboratory environment using cranes, pallet jacks, and other material handling equipment
Assist with maintaining laboratory thermal ovens and high vacuum equipment
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Associates degree in electrical, mechanical, chemical, aviationaerospace or related field preferred
Minimum of one (1) year of experience in mechanical testing (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Demonstrated experience in building a battery lab, to include proper installation of equipment
Working experience with high voltage systems, along with high-voltage safety training
Working experience in machine shop: drill press, chain saw, etc.
Experience working with common battery cycling hardware
Experience with CAD tools, CATIA preferred
Knowledge in use of standard electronics lab tools including DC meters, DC power supplies.
Knowledge of safety hazards of working with and electrical and mechanical testing of lithium- ion batteries
Ability to interpret shop manuals, schematics, and work instructions.
Ability to handle multiple complex challenges within a fast-paced environment
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proficient in Microsoft Office 365 Suite
Careful and meticulous attention to detail, during battery assembly, testing, and data entry
Ability to work independently and with a team

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location.The per-hour pay range for this position is:36—36.56 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!