Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Sr. Flight Control Systems Engineer works with the systems lead to establish architecture, define requirements, create and analyze system safety in development of the flight controls systems. This position helps to define the system standard methodologies and system philosophy.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Establish and review architecture including hardware, actuator, and sensor decisions in creation of flight-critical flight controls system
Aid development of redundancy management system with supplier
Partners with team leader to develop and review flight control system requirements process in defining the fly by wire system
Collaborate with colleagues on powertrain, avionics, and other engineering teams for flight controls interface
Work with certification team to aid in establishing certification basis for flight controls
Participate and review system safety analysis to ensure aircraft safety within the flight controls design architecture
Participate in system integration with actuation and avionics teams
Develop and participate in system level testing of flight control system verification
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in aerospace, electrical, or a relevant engineering field
Minimum of five (5) years of experience in flight control systems or similar highly integrated and complex systems (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Familiar with system safety including analyzing fault trees, system safety reliability, FHA, SSAs, common mode analysis, zonal analysis
Bulk of flight controls experience in fly-by-wire piloted andor autonomous aircraft control systems design
Some experience with hardware development of flight control computers
Development standards: Basic understanding - ARP 4761 and good understanding - DO-160 and ARP 4754A
Experienced with Flight Controls System (or similar system) integration in the aircraft
Experienced with verification of requirements during flight andor lab testing
Solid understanding in defining, reviewing, and maintaining system requirements
Highly collaborative and phenomenal communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Self-motivated and forward-thinking personality
Proficiency with MS Office Suite

You may also be able to contribute:

DO 178BC and DO 254 understanding is a plus

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:166,400—232,960 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!