Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Software Architect is responsible for the aircraft embedded avionics computer application architecture. The role collaborates with other engineering colleagues, teams, customers, and contractors to test and evaluate aircraft technologies. The embedded applications for the Supernal avionics will be based on automatic code generation from models, both for the logic and the displays. The Software Architect will help with the design of the high-level structure of the applications and the interfaces with the software infrastructure.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Design and implement guidelinesprocedures for the development of embedded safety-critical avionics application functions
Manage the technical implementation of the avionics application architecture by the software team
Develop requirements for the embedded applications and application architecture
Develop some of the embedded avionics applications
Assist in building a lab for the testing and integration of the avionics applications and systems
Work directly with simulated, laboratory, and field test data to debug the system
Produce documentation in support of avionics systems certification to required standards
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree Engineering or other related fields
A minimum of ten (10) years industry experience (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Experience in avionics application software certification, either military or civilian
Experience with modeling tools (MatlabSimulink or SCADE Suite)
Experience in buildingusing an integration test lab for avionics testingqualification
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Self-motivated and forward-thinking personality

You may also be able to contribute:

Masters or Ph.D. in engineering or another related field preferred
Ability to program with Matlab, Python, or CC for tool developmentmodification (GUI experience is a plus)
Experience with civilian aircraft development processes (ARP-4754, ARP-4761, DO-178C, DO-254) a plus
Experience with display generation tools (any of iData, VapsXT, SCADE Display, GL Studio) a plus

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is: 192,400—289,120 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!