Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Sr. Process Assurance Engineer works with members of the team in the development of eVTOL urban air mobility product and services solutions. This role is responsible for applying process assurance principles and methods for research, design, and evaluation of applied processes and related evidence during all phases of the product development process. This position also involves auditing and verification of adherence to process plans through process audits, ongoing monitoring, and reviews related to aircraft and systems related milestones.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Develop process assurance plans and standards based on SAE ARP 4754A, SAE ARP 4761, RTCA DO-178C, and RTCA DO-254 and other industry standards
Ensure that project plans are consistent with the development assurance level of the aircraft function, system, or item
Ensure that project communications, coordination and sequencing, and progress monitoring mechanisms are defined and are followed
Ensure that change control, operational, and maintenance procedures are defined and are followed
Conduct SoftwareCEH Test witnessing
Audit configuration, change management process, and problem report resolution
Work closely with Process Assurance Manager and other engineering fields and liaise with software and complex electronics hardware specialists and DERs on best ways of meeting the objectives outlined in guidelines and standards issued by regulatory and standards organizations
May require up to 25 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics field
A minimum of five (5) years of experience in SoftwareCEH development life cycle (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered for this role)
Experience with airborne systems development process assurance experience and the ability to develop the necessary plans and standards in accordance with SAE ARP 4754A, SAE ARP 4761, RTCA DO-178C, RTCA DO-254, and other applicable guidelines and standards
Experience with RTCADO-178C and RTCADO-254
Experience with avionics data buses, e.g., ARINC 429, ARINC 825, ARINC 664, MIL-STD-1553B; Familiarity with SAE ARP 4754 and SAE ARP 4761
Familiarity with an embedded programming language (e.g., C, C)
Familiarity with avionic systems
Preferred experience in a regulatory environment
Proficiency with IBM DOORS-NG and JIRA software
Understanding of Requirement-Based Engineering (RBE) philosophy
Strong logic and problem-solving skills
Able to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Proactive delivery of communication and follow-up

You may also be able to contribute:

Masters degree preferred
Working experience with Certification Authorities including SOIs is desirable

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:166,400—232,960 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!