Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Actuation Engineer  Motor Control Electronics is responsible for the development of the flight actuation control electronics for Supernal eVTOL aircraft. This role is heavily involved in developing the actuator motor control unit from conceptualizing and design, to prototyping and manufacturing, and through production support. The role works closely with an outside supplier and other Supernal technical teams including Flight Controls and Electrical  Wiring.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Support Motor Control Electronics (MCE) full life cycle hardware  software development
Participate in actuation system and MCE LRU development, including planning, requirements definition, analysis, design, configuration management, and integration  verification
Oversee MCE supplier design efforts, including architecture and implementation details
Document function and test of MCE LRU, including specifications and compliance reports
Support aircraft installation and integration, including writing and releasing engineering orders and functional test plansprocedures required for flight test and production aircraft
Prepare and communicate design and technical material to management and stakeholders
May require up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other related duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors in electrical engineering or a relevant engineering field
A minimum of three (3) years of experience in control electronics development (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Experience with electro-mechanical actuators and motor controllers
Experience with rotary-wing andor fixed-wing Fly-By-Wire flight control systems
Familiarity with any FAA CFR parts 23252729 or other certification experience
Electronics focused work experience
Proficient using requirements capture and management tools (DOORS NG desired)
Knowledge of qualification and certification rules and standards applicable to commercial aircraft systems and equipment, including ARP 4754A, ARP 4761, DO-160, DO-178, DO-254
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Self-motivated and forward-thinking personality

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:133,120—186,160 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!