Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Materials  Process Engineer applies their technical knowledge and expertise in structural bonding to support components across our vehicle. This role works toward building and implementing conventional and novel materials and process solutions while working with our partners to ensure delivered hardware that meets requirements that leads to the certification and production of new AAM vehicles. This position collaborates with all Engineering verticals  Supply Chain teams during the design process.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Author material specifications and process specifications that support manufacturing  ensure quality
Evaluate materials across the vehicle to satisfy design requirements
Support test plan execution for composites and structural bonding, method development, materials characterization, allowable generation, and design validation
Author test reports and other summaries to communicate information to the broader engineering team
Participate in design reviews for hardware componentsassemblies
Support supplier selection, development, qualifications, and ongoing evaluations
Support the manufacture of hardware both in-house and at suppliers
Participate in industry working groups, standards bodies, and relevant technical conferences and symposia to maintain awareness of technology developments  regulatory trends across academia and industry
May require up to 25 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in STEM or related field required
Minimum three (3) years of related experience (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered)
Experience working with technicians
Experience developing a Design of Experiments plan
Experience running and analyzing data from analytical materials characterization equipment
Technical knowledge in one or more of the areas of: adhesives, composites, structural bonding
Hands on experience with composite layup and bonding
Familiarity with 3D CAD software (CATIA, SolidWorks, NX, or similar)
Familiarity with statistical software, including Minitab, JMP, or similar
Knowledge of CMH-17, SAE, ASTM, and other standard bodies
Proficiency in writing RD work instructions and documentation of RD work
Proficiency MS Office Suite tools such as Word, Excel, Project  Visio
Understanding of a First Principles approach to problem solving
Proactive and efficient delivery of communication and follow-up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work in a timely manner

You may also be able to contribute:

Six Sigma Green Belt or higher preferred

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:133,120—186,160 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!