Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do:
The Quality Coordinator will manage the document control system as well as provide crucial support to other quality management functions. This role reports directly to the Senior Manager, Quality and will work in close collaboration with cross-functional teams, including engineering, safety, supply chain, manufacturing, compliance, and policy.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:
Document Control

Manage Supernals Document Control System, ensuring adequate protection, version control, accessibility, and retention of documents
Assist the QMS Manager with reviewing, updating, and continuous improvement of documentation to reflect changes in processes, procedures, and specifications

Internal Communication

Assist in communication with cross-functional teams to ensure quality awareness and alignment on quality-related matters
Assist in the coordination of internal quality gatherings (i.e., summits, networks, workshops) to discuss, share, and collaborate on topics related to standard methodologies and lessons learned

Supplier Quality Records

Assist with maintenance of supplier quality records and documentation, including supplier assessments and audits

Corrective Action System

Assist the Sr. Manager of Quality with supervising the status of internal corrective actions (i.e., spawned from internal audits, nonconformances, customer complaints) to ensure assignees are driving them to completion

Customer Surveys and Certifications Tracking

Handle the completion of, retention of, and response to customer surveys.
Handle database of Supernal Certifications and self-audit

Audit Program

Assist in the coordination of internal and external audits (i.e., audit planning, preparation, documentation preparationcollection, scheduling, and logistical arrangements)

Training Program

Assist in the coordination of quality training and evaluations
Maintain training and evaluation records
Assist with onboarding of quality team members
Performance Monitoring, Measuring, and Reporting
Assist with the collection of quality performance data for analysis
Assist with preparing quality performance reports and presentations

QMS Digital Tools

Assist in the evaluation and implementation of digital tools necessary to operate and measure the performance of the QMS
May require travel up to 10 of domestic and international travel
Other duties as assigned

What you can contribute:

Associates degree in quality management, engineering or related field required (an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered) 
Proven experience of 5 years working in an aviation manufacturing, quality engineering, or quality assurance environment required
Basic comprehension of AS9100 or ISO 9001 standard is required
Certified Quality Improvement Associate (CQIA) is desirable, but not required

You may also be able to contribute:

Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proactive delivery of communication and follow up
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Must have the ability to independently prioritize and accomplish work within time constraints
Self-motivated and forward-thinking personality
Proficiency with Excel VLOOKUP, pivot tables, MS Office Suite

 
Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:125,124—174,943 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!