Supernal is at the forefront of creating emerging mobility solutions that will foster the development of human-centered cities. We are designing a completely new electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft tailored to the mobility needs of future cities. This allows passengers a seamless intermodal journey that safely transports them to their final destination. We fuse research in autonomy, robotics, aviation and services to define a new category of mobility for the worlds communities. We believe in creative thinking and collaboration to help build a better mobility experience for everyone, improving peoples ability to move  whether for work or play.
What we do: 
The Sr. Thermal Controls Engineer plays a crucial role in the development of advanced control algorithms and electrical systems for our thermal management systems. This role demands expertise in designing and implementing control algorithms while ensuring the efficient and optimal operation of thermal management systems. This role will be challenged and provides solutions for a wide range of problems like optimal thermal controls of batteries, controls for the thermal management of electric power units, and aircraft air-conditioning system.
This position will be required to work on-site 5 days a week.
What you can do:

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define and refine control system requirements for thermal management systems, incorporating components such as pumps, fans, valves, sensors, and more
Design, develop, and optimize control algorithms that ensure precise and reliable regulation of thermal management processes, achieving optimal performance, energy efficiency, and reliability
Conduct thorough analysis and simulation of control algorithms to validate their effectiveness and reliability in different operating scenarios
Ensure seamless integration of control algorithms with electrical and aircraft management systems software, including the design and configuration of electrical connections and communication protocols
Lead the testing and validation of control systems, both in simulation environments and real-world applications, and implement necessary adjustments for continuous improvement
Stay current with industry trends and emerging technologies related to thermal management, controls, and electric vehiclesaerospace applications, and apply this knowledge to enhance the design and functionality of our systems
May require up to 25 of domestic and international travel

What you can contribute:

Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related field required; Masters degree preferred
Minimum of five (5) years of experience in developing control algorithms and electrical systems, ideally in the electric vehicle or aerospace sectors
Experience with electrical System Architecture, Design, and Analysis
Hands-on experience in testing and debugging control systems in real-world environments
Familiarity with thermal management components such as pumps, fans, heat exchangers, and sensors, along with their electrical integration and control requirements
Proficiency with creating controls-oriented dynamic system models of thermal, hydraulic, or mechanical systems in MatlabSimulinkPython, etc
Knowledge of communication protocols (CAN, LIN, Ethernet) and experience in integrating control systems with aircraft networks
Excellent problem-solving skills, attention to detail, and the ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, multidisciplinary environment
Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to convey complex technical concepts to non-technical collaborators

You may also be able to contribute:

Experience with thermal management system controls and electrical connections
Experience in selecting and evaluating aerospace-grade electrical components
Experience with GT-suite
Familiarity with practical application of DO-160, DO-254, DO-178, and ARINC standards desired

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other category or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Individuals with disabilities may request a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation at: ta-supportsupernal.aero
This position may include access to certain technology andor software source code subject to U.S. export controls laws and regulations. If an export authorization from an applicable US regulatory agency is required in connection with your employment, your employment is contingent upon Supernals receipt of such regulatory authorization(s) and your continued compliance with all conditions and limitations pursuant to such authorization(s).
 Base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a bonus as part of total compensation.The pay range for this position is:166,400—232,960 USDClick HERE or visit: https:jobs.supernal.aerobenefits to view our benefits!