About TeamSense: 
 Hey there! Were TeamSense - a fast-moving, fully-remote startup on a mission to revolutionize how companies connect and engage their hourly workers.Were building more than just a product - were building a company, a team, a culture, and a brand. We pay attention to the details and take pride in everything we do, ensuring we build something that will endure. Working at TeamSense allows you to be a force for change.
Join us in making a difference in the lives of the hourly workforce and their organizations. 
About the Role: 
As the tech leader at TeamSense, youll be the face of our technology, driving our mission to connect hourly workers with simple-to-use, purpose-built software. You will own hiring and inspiring the technical team to deliver world-class results. You will shape the technical direction and have a seat at the table to determine our strategy for growing our product and business. Your expertise will be essential in taking our startup to the next level.
Requirements: 

Experience as a SaaS start-up leader (VP Eng, CTO) during a growth phase (revenue or users tripled or quadrupled in 12 mos).
Direct experience scaling an engineering team from 5-20 devs.
Feel natural interacting with customers and being a public face of the company.
Comfortable owning and speaking to the companys technology and security posture with customers  stakeholders.
10 years of software development experience and 3 years of experience leading a technical group.

This Role is a Great Fit for You if You Are:

Inspirational. The ideal candidate will earn the respect of the technical team and inspire the delivery of world-class software. 
Business-driven pragmatic leader. You will help us strategically invest our technical resources against competing business priorities, including keeping an eye on the impact of new technology on our business. 
Confident yet know your limits. You have a good sense of your strengths and know how to complement your weaknesses.
Track record of repeated success. You set goals and achieve incredible outcomes through your ability to drive people, processes, and systems. 
Communicator. You possess a talent for communicating highly technical things to non-technical people. 
Life-long learner. You are curious, open to new ideas, and wish to deeply understand the people who use your products. 
Remote-ready. You are comfortable managing a fully remote team. 

Key Responsibilities:

Provide technical leadership and drive the overall technology strategy for TeamSense.
Lead and manage the technical team (both product and website), fostering a culture of accountability, collaboration, quality, and delivery. 
Collaborate with Product to develop and execute a roadmap of product features, bug fixes, technology, tech debt, and tooling aligned with our business goals.
Ensure the security and compliance of our software and processes, including internal compliance (e.g., SOC 2) and engaging with customer prospects on security.
Make architecture, infrastructure, and technology partner decisions, maximizing business and customer value.
Optimize product scalability and performance.
Own the end-to-end software delivery process, including rigorous testing and quality assurance processes, planning, deployment, operations, and observability.
Manage the technology budget effectively and make informed resource allocation decisions.
Own vendor relationships and contracts related to technology.
Build strategic relationships in key technology verticals.
Communicate technical concepts effectively to non-technical stakeholders.
Leverage data to make informed decisions about our product and technology.
Stay up-to-date with industry trends and identify opportunities for technical innovation.
Manage, secure, and support  internal IT, including workstations, accounts, and BYOD

 

 
 
Base Salary Range: 185,000-210,000
Note: The base salary range mentioned is approximate and may vary based on factors such as experience, qualifications, and location.
 
Benefits Package: At TeamSense, we understand the importance of a comprehensive benefits package to support our employees well-being and work-life balance. Our benefits include:


Health, Vision, and Dental Coverage: We provide comprehensive health, vision, and dental insurance options to ensure you and your familys health and well-being.


Flexible Spending Account (FSA) and Health Savings Account (HSA): We offer optional FSA and HSA plans to help you save on eligible medical and childcare expenses with pre-tax dollars.


Paid Time Off (PTO): We believe in balance and offer a flexible PTO plan, enabling you to relax, recharge, and spend quality time with loved ones.


Remote Office Budget: We understand the importance of a comfortable and productive remote work environment. TeamSense provides new employees with a budget for office-related spending to support your remote work setup.


 

At TeamSense, were proud to be an equal-opportunity employer and embrace diversity in our company. Were committed to creating a culture that includes many backgrounds, identities, experiences, and skills because the more perspectives we include, the stronger we are. Were committed to providing reasonable accommodations to anyone applying for or hired for a position, and if you require accommodation, please contact recruitingteamsense.com. 
 
 