Tebra only initiates contact with candidates via email from an official Tebra email address (tebra.com, patientpop.com, or kareo.com) or through our applicant tracking system, Greenhouse. We will only ask you to provide sensitive personal information through our official application portal — not via social media or text message. We do not conduct interviews via instant messaging.About the Role
As Customer Experience Manager for the Loyalty Team, you will take inbound requests from customers requesting to cancel, identify key issues in customer satisfaction and develop solutions to retain the business. You will analyze quantitative and qualitative customer metrics to identify early indicators of possible cancellations and make outbound calls to proactively address customers issues.
Your Area of Focus

Provide a positive image for Tebra by delivering outstanding customer support to our customers as it pertains to their Tebra product suite and services
Identify solutions for customer issues and work closely with the customer to resolve
Work cross-functionally with other teams, including Account Management, Onboarding and Accounting, to ensure a positive and cohesive customer experience
Help improve Tebras product and processes by contributing to the development of the departments plans and the strategy using your unique insight into the challenges faced by our clients and acting on our customers behalf as their advocate
Document detailed customer feedback regarding cancellation reasons and retention tactics in Salesforce.

Your Professional Qualifications

Fluent English (CEFR B2) verbal and written communication skills, because you will persuade, present and problem solve throughout the day
High School Diploma
2 years experience in customer service, support or a similar role
A professional and friendly demeanor
Keen problem solver with superb attention to detail
Excellent verbal and written communication skills - you will persuade, present and problem solve throughout the day!
Self-learner who thrives in the opportunity to take initiative
A passion for energetic and fast-paced environments
Enjoy interfacing with customers and addressing their questions and concerns
Familiarity with Salesforce, Slack and Google Suite
A team player who is ready and willing to support the team and our customers

About Tebra
Kareo and PatientPop have joined forces to become Tebra, the digital backbone for practice well-being. While our teams are still supporting both products, our new hires and current employees are now united as Team Tebra. 
Tebra aims to unlock better healthcare by helping independent practices bring modernized care to patients everywhere. Well over 100,000 providers trust Tebra to elevate their patient experience, and help them grow their practice. At Tebra, were building the future of well-being together. That shared vision for tomorrow begins with compassion and humanity today.
Our Values
Start with the Customer 
We get to know our customers - and their patients - and look at the world through their lens.
Keep It Simple
Healthcare is too complex. We aim to simplify it for everyone.
Stay Entrepreneurial 
We reject the status quo and solve problems with creativity, perseverance, and a bias to action.
Better Together
We are diverse, humble, and collaborative. We put the team first and win together.
Celebrate Success
Life is short and joy is underrated. We take time to have fun and celebrate success.
Perks  Benefits 
To assist with all of lifes needs, Tebra also offers a wellness and childcare subsidy and a UniversityEducation discount! We also offer a number of resources to help you keep your mind and body healthy. Check out obe Fitness for a great workout, or LifeWorks Employee Assistance Program to find mental health resources, along with other resources for everyday occurrences.
 
LI-BG1 LI-HybridTebra is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
California residents who apply or are recruited for a job with us: please carefully review our California-specific Privacy Notice under the California Consumer Protection Act here: https:www.tebra.comprivacy-policycalifornia-supplemental-notice
If you would like to report a fraudulent Tebra job posting, please contact us at talentacquisitiontebra.com and consider reporting your experience to the FBIs Internet Crime Complaint Center or the Better Business Bureau to help keep others safe online, too.