Tebra only initiates contact with candidates via email from an official Tebra email address (tebra.com, patientpop.com, or kareo.com) or through our applicant tracking system, Greenhouse. We will only ask you to provide sensitive personal information through our official application portal — not via social media or text message. We do not conduct interviews via instant messaging.About the Role
This role is extremely important within the sales organization at Tebra. You are responsible for helping to scale revenue across the company. Our Sales Development Representatives are specialists in researching prospects, discovering pain points, getting access to and setting meetings with decision-makers. This role allows the Account Executive team to focus exclusively on conducting meetings with prospects and increasing the overall productivity of the sales organization.
Your Area of Focus

Setting quality meetings with medical practices across the country
Participate in a mix of classroom-style learning as well as role-plays and practice
Generate qualified leads, prospect via cold calls, and establish the value of our platform
Build rapport and find your prospects needs
100 responsible for generating your own prospects
Success will be measured on daily activity metrics as well as monthly quota attainment
Demonstrate mastery of skills at this level by exceeding quota for two months in a row

Your Professional Qualifications

1 year of experience in a sales or customer facing role
Knowledge of our sales tools such as Salesforce, SalesLoft, and Zoominfo is a plus
Success working remotely and a strong home setup
Grit, strong work ethic, coachable, confidence, curiosity, self-awareness, and a focus on self-development

About Tebra
Kareo and PatientPop have joined forces to become Tebra, the digital backbone for practice well-being. While our teams are still supporting both products, our new hires and current employees are now united as Team Tebra. 
Tebra aims to unlock better healthcare by helping independent practices bring modernized care to patients everywhere. Well over 100,000 providers trust Tebra to elevate their patient experience, and help them grow their practice. At Tebra, were building the future of well-being together. That shared vision for tomorrow begins with compassion and humanity today.
Our Values
Start with the Customer 
We get to know our customers - and their patients - and look at the world through their lens.
Keep It Simple
Healthcare is too complex. We aim to simplify it for everyone.
Stay Entrepreneurial 
We reject the status quo and solve problems with creativity, perseverance, and a bias to action.
Better Together
We are diverse, humble, and collaborative. We put the team first and win together.
Celebrate Success
Life is short and joy is underrated. We take time to have fun and celebrate success.
Perks  Benefits 
In addition to our healthcare benefits, we also offer amazing perks! Need work from home basics? We offer a discount through Dell! We also offer a number of resources to help you keep your mind and body healthy. Check out obe Fitness or Gympass for a great workout, or LifeWorks Employee Assistance Program to find mental health resources, along with other resources for everyday occurrences.
 
LI-JF1LI-Remote BI-Remote
 Remote Pay Range47,000—65,000 USDTebra is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
California residents who apply or are recruited for a job with us: please carefully review our California-specific Privacy Notice under the California Consumer Protection Act here: https:www.tebra.comprivacy-policycalifornia-supplemental-notice
If you would like to report a fraudulent Tebra job posting, please contact us at talentacquisitiontebra.com and consider reporting your experience to the FBIs Internet Crime Complaint Center or the Better Business Bureau to help keep others safe online, too.