Tebra only initiates contact with candidates via email from an official Tebra email address (tebra.com, patientpop.com, or kareo.com) or through our applicant tracking system, Greenhouse. We will only ask you to provide sensitive personal information through our official application portal — not via social media or text message. We do not conduct interviews via instant messaging.About the Role
You will support and help scale our sales organization and be a driver of revenue growth. Working closely with sales leadership, you will ensure sales goals are met, we have efficient and scalable sales processes in place and were defining a path for short-term and long-term growth.
Your Area of Focus

The Sales Operations Analyst will be responsible for the day to day operations of our rapidly expanding direct sales, account management, and billing company teams.
The Sales Operations Analyst will be a key partner to sales executive leadership to drive the success of the sales team from lead to revenue. This person will be responsible for spearheading strategic initiatives in the sales organization in collaboration with sales leadership. These will include establishing and tracking key metrics to analyze sales performance and success, making recommendations on how to improve sales performance and working cross-functionally with sales enablement and business systems teams to evolve the sales organization. 
Alongside their responsibilities in helping to guide the organization strategically, the Sales Operations Analyst will also have the ability to manage the day-to-day needs of the sales organization. This includes managing sales quota, forecasting and compensation administration, territory planning, and process training  compliance enforcement. 
The Sales Operations Analyst will work closely with Sales leadership to ensure that appropriate objectives and priorities are set and there is alignment across the Sales organization as a whole.

Your Professional Qualifications

2-4 years of experience in an analytical role and strong attention to detail
You are self-motivated and enjoy working in a dynamic and results driven environment
You are a structured problem solver with excellent quantitative and qualitative analytical skills
You have experience optimizing sales teams
You have a track record of partnering with leadership teams to set strategy and drive change initiatives
You have a proven track record of helping sales teams hit and exceed goals
Healthcare and SaaS experience preferred but not required
You have demonstrated expertise working with Salesforce or other reporting tools
Microsoft Excel and Google Suite proficient

About Tebra
Kareo and PatientPop have joined forces to become Tebra, the digital backbone for practice well-being. While our teams are still supporting both products, our new hires and current employees are now united as Team Tebra. 
Tebra aims to unlock better healthcare by helping independent practices bring modernized care to patients everywhere. Well over 100,000 providers trust Tebra to elevate their patient experience, and help them grow their practice. At Tebra, were building the future of well-being together. That shared vision for tomorrow begins with compassion and humanity today.
Our Values
Start with the Customer 
We get to know our customers - and their patients - and look at the world through their lens.
Keep It Simple
Healthcare is too complex. We aim to simplify it for everyone.
Stay Entrepreneurial 
We reject the status quo and solve problems with creativity, perseverance, and a bias to action.
Better Together
We are diverse, humble, and collaborative. We put the team first and win together.
Celebrate Success
Life is short and joy is underrated. We take time to have fun and celebrate success.
Perks  Benefits 
To assist with all of lifes needs, Tebra also offers a wellness and childcare subsidy and a UniversityEducation discount! We also offer a number of resources to help you keep your mind and body healthy. Check out obe Fitness for a great workout, or LifeWorks Employee Assistance Program to find mental health resources, along with other resources for everyday occurrences.
 
LI-SB1 LI-HybridTebra is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
California residents who apply or are recruited for a job with us: please carefully review our California-specific Privacy Notice under the California Consumer Protection Act here: https:www.tebra.comprivacy-policycalifornia-supplemental-notice
If you would like to report a fraudulent Tebra job posting, please contact us at talentacquisitiontebra.com and consider reporting your experience to the FBIs Internet Crime Complaint Center or the Better Business Bureau to help keep others safe online, too.