Tebra only initiates contact with candidates via email from an official Tebra email address (tebra.com, patientpop.com, or kareo.com) or through our applicant tracking system, Greenhouse. We will only ask you to provide sensitive personal information through our official application portal — not via social media or text message. We do not conduct interviews via instant messaging.About the Role
Were looking for a Senior Marketing Operations Manager to join our dynamic Marketing Operations team at Tebra. As the primary administrator for our extensive marketing tech stack (centered around Marketo  Salesforce) you will play a central role in shaping our technology roadmap to achieve transformative business objectives. This role will collaborate with stakeholders across the organization to identify areas of opportunity and develop a plan to implement and operationalize change. The ideal candidate is not afraid of change, has an aptitude for bringing structure without losing velocity, approaches problem-solving with a technical mindset, and enjoys using technology, tools, and processes to drive revenue.
Your Area of Focus

Serve as the primary admin for our marketing tech stack (including Marketo, Qualified, Salesforce, Chilipiper, Bizible, PathFactory, Outreach, Unbounce, Impartner, and more) 
Collaborate with stakeholders across the business to develop and execute against a technology roadmap to achieve transformational business goals 
Develop and maintain a comprehensive data strategy that supports segmentation, personalization, and campaign effectiveness - across both prospects and customers
Work with marketing leaders to understand the effectiveness of various marketing programs and channels - helping define and execute projects that will lead to the biggest impact
Serve as a resource for the Marketing Operations team on technical best practices and capabilities of our stack
Act as both a big picture thinker, and have meticulous attention to detail   quickly understand overall business objectives, and translate them to scalable operational frameworks 
Stay up to date with advancements in technology and shifting trends in MarTech 
Evaluate, scope, and implement new technologies, integrations, or operational processes

Your Professional Qualifications

6 years of marketing operations experience at a B2B or SaaS company
Ability to work cross-functionally, including with non-technical stakeholders, and collaborate with outside teams
Clear understanding of the sales funnel stages and process
Strong ability to track analyze and optimize marketing performance
Deep understanding of lead  pipeline management, multi-touch attribution, and email marketing
Proven ability to collaborate with other technical stakeholders including Sales Operations, Analysts, and Customer Success Operations
Ability to analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns and to suggest improvements to marketing campaign efficiency
Certs: Marketo Certified Expert, Marketo Certified Solutions Architect strongly preferred. Bonus points for Salesforce Admins  Certifications

About Tebra
Kareo and PatientPop have joined forces to become Tebra, the digital backbone for practice well-being. While our teams are still supporting both products, our new hires and current employees are now united as Team Tebra. 
Tebra aims to unlock better healthcare by helping independent practices bring modernized care to patients everywhere. Well over 100,000 providers trust Tebra to elevate their patient experience, and help them grow their practice. At Tebra, were building the future of well-being together. That shared vision for tomorrow begins with compassion and humanity today.
Our Values
Start with the Customer 
We get to know our customers - and their patients - and look at the world through their lens.
Keep It Simple
Healthcare is too complex. We aim to simplify it for everyone.
Stay Entrepreneurial 
We reject the status quo and solve problems with creativity, perseverance, and a bias to action.
Better Together
We are diverse, humble, and collaborative. We put the team first and win together.
Celebrate Success
Life is short and joy is underrated. We take time to have fun and celebrate success.
Perks  Benefits 
In addition to our healthcare benefits, we also offer amazing perks! Need work from home basics? We offer a discount through Dell! We also offer a number of resources to help you keep your mind and body healthy. Check out obe Fitness or Gympass for a great workout, or LifeWorks Employee Assistance Program to find mental health resources, along with other resources for everyday occurrences.
 
LI-SD1 LI-Remote BI-Remote
 Remote Pay Range110,000—135,000 USDTebra is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
California residents who apply or are recruited for a job with us: please carefully review our California-specific Privacy Notice under the California Consumer Protection Act here: https:www.tebra.comprivacy-policycalifornia-supplemental-notice
If you would like to report a fraudulent Tebra job posting, please contact us at talentacquisitiontebra.com and consider reporting your experience to the FBIs Internet Crime Complaint Center or the Better Business Bureau to help keep others safe online, too.