Tebra only initiates contact with candidates via email from an official Tebra email address (tebra.com, patientpop.com, or kareo.com) or through our applicant tracking system, Greenhouse. We will only ask you to provide sensitive personal information through our official application portal — not via social media or text message. We do not conduct interviews via instant messaging.About the Role
As an Account Specialist, you will be the main point of contact to small businesses within the Tebra direct practice customer base. You will operate in a scaled account management model, where you will have a priority list of accounts to reach out to at any given time. You will proactively connect with customers for a variety of reasons; To increase adoption of our software, secure a renewal, respond to customer feedback and inquiries andor identify upsell opportunities.
You will follow Tebra playbooks to drive customer outcomes and deliver results. Were looking for organized, self-starters, who thrive in a fast-paced environment and are confident to take control of customer conversations and provide clear guidance on how to accomplish their goals.
Your Area of Focus

Develop and maintain a deep understanding of our product offerings and how they can benefit our customers, as well as internal processes. 
Proactively call and email customers to drive renewals, adoption, and expansion.
Respond to inbound customer inquiries or questions related to adoption, expansion and renewals.
Follow and complete prescribed playbooks in a timely manner with thorough documentation.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure that customers receive a seamless experience. For example, help triage customers directly to Customer Care if a support related issue is identified on a call or email. 
Provide feedback on how to improve our customer success processes and procedures and strategy.

Your Professional Qualifications

1-2 years of experience in a customer-facing role (customer success, account management, sales or a related field).
Experience managing a case queue and multiple, ongoing customer interactions.
Experience working with SaaS products and a deep understanding of the SaaS business model preferred.
Strongly interested in technology and software development.
Superb written and spoken English.
Excellent communication, interpersonal, and relationship-building skills.
Proven track record of successfully managing customer relationships and driving customer success metrics.
Experience with Gainsight, Salesforce, and Google Workplace is highly preferred.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and adapt to changing priorities.

About Tebra
Kareo and PatientPop have joined forces to become Tebra, the digital backbone for practice well-being. While our teams are still supporting both products, our new hires and current employees are now united as Team Tebra. 
Tebra aims to unlock better healthcare by helping independent practices bring modernized care to patients everywhere. Well over 100,000 providers trust Tebra to elevate their patient experience, and help them grow their practice. At Tebra, were building the future of well-being together. That shared vision for tomorrow begins with compassion and humanity today.
Our Values
Start with the Customer 
We get to know our customers - and their patients - and look at the world through their lens.
Keep It Simple
Healthcare is too complex. We aim to simplify it for everyone.
Stay Entrepreneurial 
We reject the status quo and solve problems with creativity, perseverance, and a bias to action.
Better Together
We are diverse, humble, and collaborative. We put the team first and win together.
Celebrate Success
Life is short and joy is underrated. We take time to have fun and celebrate success.
Perks  Benefits 
To assist with all of lifes needs, Tebra also offers a wellness and childcare subsidy and a UniversityEducation discount! We also offer a number of resources to help you keep your mind and body healthy. Check out obe Fitness for a great workout, or LifeWorks Employee Assistance Program to find mental health resources, along with other resources for everyday occurrences.
 
LI-SD1 LI-Hyrbid
 Tebra is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
California residents who apply or are recruited for a job with us: please carefully review our California-specific Privacy Notice under the California Consumer Protection Act here: https:www.tebra.comprivacy-policycalifornia-supplemental-notice
If you would like to report a fraudulent Tebra job posting, please contact us at talentacquisitiontebra.com and consider reporting your experience to the FBIs Internet Crime Complaint Center or the Better Business Bureau to help keep others safe online, too.