Tebra only initiates contact with candidates via email from an official Tebra email address (tebra.com, patientpop.com, or kareo.com) or through our applicant tracking system, Greenhouse. We will only ask you to provide sensitive personal information through our official application portal — not via social media or text message. We do not conduct interviews via instant messaging.About the Role
As an Account Executive, you are a key player for our inside sales team and winning new business with doctors across the country.. Youll join a team of highly skilled sales representatives and commit to our 60-day sales boot camp that will enable you to become one of the best-trained Account Executives in the country. 
Were growing quickly and have aggressive goals to hit. You must bring a high degree of grit, a strong work ethic, and confidence to the office virtual team environment each day. If you are successful, you will consistently achieve your quota, make more money, and afford the lifestyle you are looking for. 
Your Area of Focus

First and foremost, you will represent the Tebra brand with the highest levels of integrity and honesty as you are the face of the organization when speaking with prospects. 
Come to work with a plan to execute on, your calendar organized, and a positive mind set!
You will be coached weekly on how to be a great AE, but it is your responsibility to put the learnings into action and practice daily. 
You are responsible for hitting your weekly activity metrics for new outbound phone calls, emails, and prospects added to your Outreach sequences in order to set self generated meetings.
You are running the full sales cycle from prospecting, to setting the meeting, running the meeting, following up, and closing new business.
You will be responsible for meeting your monthly ARR quota by meetings set by you as well as supported SDR meetings.
Salesforce and Outreach compliance is crucial for success in this role. Daily hygiene with all activities logged as well as notes and dates that are all up to date is a must. 
Lets never forget to win customer love and play to win!

Your Professional Qualifications

1-2 years of full cycle sales experience 
History of working hard while pushing through failures and challenges with enthusiasm
A commitment to seeking out constant personal and professional growth. Not just focused on knowledge, but also on practice and application
Consistent achievement towards a monthly quota

About Tebra
Kareo and PatientPop have joined forces to become Tebra, the digital backbone for practice well-being. While our teams are still supporting both products, our new hires and current employees are now united as Team Tebra. 
Tebra aims to unlock better healthcare by helping independent practices bring modernized care to patients everywhere. Well over 100,000 providers trust Tebra to elevate their patient experience, and help them grow their practice. At Tebra, were building the future of well-being together. That shared vision for tomorrow begins with compassion and humanity today.
Our Values
Start with the Customer 
We get to know our customers - and their patients - and look at the world through their lens.
Keep It Simple
Healthcare is too complex. We aim to simplify it for everyone.
Stay Entrepreneurial 
We reject the status quo and solve problems with creativity, perseverance, and a bias to action.
Better Together
We are diverse, humble, and collaborative. We put the team first and win together.
Celebrate Success
Life is short and joy is underrated. We take time to have fun and celebrate success.
Perks  Benefits 
In addition to our healthcare benefits, we also offer amazing perks! Need work from home basics? We offer a discount through Dell! We also offer a number of resources to help you keep your mind and body healthy. Check out obe Fitness or Gympass for a great workout, or LifeWorks Employee Assistance Program to find mental health resources, along with other resources for everyday occurrences.
 
LI-AH1 LI-Remote BI-RemoteRemote Pay Range55,000—95,000 USDTebra is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
California residents who apply or are recruited for a job with us: please carefully review our California-specific Privacy Notice under the California Consumer Protection Act here: https:www.tebra.comprivacy-policycalifornia-supplemental-notice
If you would like to report a fraudulent Tebra job posting, please contact us at talentacquisitiontebra.com and consider reporting your experience to the FBIs Internet Crime Complaint Center or the Better Business Bureau to help keep others safe online, too.