Tebra only initiates contact with candidates via email from an official Tebra email address (tebra.com, patientpop.com, or kareo.com) or through our applicant tracking system, Greenhouse. We will only ask you to provide sensitive personal information through our official application portal — not via social media or text message. We do not conduct interviews via instant messaging.About the Role
We are seeking a highly motivated and skilled Inside Sales Representative to join our small, senior-level Billing Company team at Tebra. In this role, you will collaborate closely with billing companies, helping them adopt our product to drive business growth. The successful candidate will possess exceptional business acumen, technical aptitude, and communication skills, with a deep understanding of Medical Billing. Your track record in achieving significant business results and acting as an independent sales consultant will be crucial in driving market growth. As a trusted advisor to company owners and key stakeholders, you will leverage your expertise in Tebra solutions and services to influence customer business planning and strategic direction.
Your Area of Focus

Engage with leads provided by the company through phone calls, emails, Go-to-Meeting video conferences, and face-to-face visits at all stages of the sales process.
Proactively generate leads within the billing industry through prospecting, utilizing databases, and obtaining referrals.
Consistently exceed monthly quotas by mastering our value proposition and sales process.
Maintain a focused approach to managing your sales pipeline.
Collaborate cross-functionally within the organization to deliver an exceptional customer experience throughout the entire lifecycle.
Work closely with the marketing team and actively participate in company-sponsored events and trade shows.

Your Professional Qualifications

4 years of experience in selling Healthcare IT software andor billing OR 3 years of experience in medical billing with a strong desire to sell.
Background in medical billing, running a medical billing company, or selling software-as-a-service products.
Strong personal drive and ability to focus on supporting our continuous year-over-year growth.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office products, Salesforce, and various medical billing software platforms.
Strong organizational skills and the ability to manage large task lists without losing sight of any important items, like selling and customer service

About Tebra
Kareo and PatientPop have joined forces to become Tebra, the digital backbone for practice well-being. While our teams are still supporting both products, our new hires and current employees are now united as Team Tebra. 
Tebra aims to unlock better healthcare by helping independent practices bring modernized care to patients everywhere. Well over 100,000 providers trust Tebra to elevate their patient experience, and help them grow their practice. At Tebra, were building the future of well-being together. That shared vision for tomorrow begins with compassion and humanity today.
Our Values
Start with the Customer 
We get to know our customers - and their patients - and look at the world through their lens.
Keep It Simple
Healthcare is too complex. We aim to simplify it for everyone.
Stay Entrepreneurial 
We reject the status quo and solve problems with creativity, perseverance, and a bias to action.
Better Together
We are diverse, humble, and collaborative. We put the team first and win together.
Celebrate Success
Life is short and joy is underrated. We take time to have fun and celebrate success.
Perks  Benefits 
In addition to our healthcare benefits, we also offer amazing perks! Need work from home basics? We offer a discount through Dell! We also offer a number of resources to help you keep your mind and body healthy. Check out obe Fitness or Gympass for a great workout, or LifeWorks Employee Assistance Program to find mental health resources, along with other resources for everyday occurrences.
 
LI-AH1 LI-Remote BI-RemoteRemote Pay Range65,000—113,000 USDTebra is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
California residents who apply or are recruited for a job with us: please carefully review our California-specific Privacy Notice under the California Consumer Protection Act here: https:www.tebra.comprivacy-policycalifornia-supplemental-notice
If you would like to report a fraudulent Tebra job posting, please contact us at talentacquisitiontebra.com and consider reporting your experience to the FBIs Internet Crime Complaint Center or the Better Business Bureau to help keep others safe online, too.