Tebra only initiates contact with candidates via email from an official Tebra email address (tebra.com, patientpop.com, or kareo.com) or through our applicant tracking system, Greenhouse. We will only ask you to provide sensitive personal information through our official application portal — not via social media or text message. We do not conduct interviews via instant messaging.About the Role
The Campaign Operations Specialist is an integral role within our Marketing Operations  Demand Generation team, responsible for building marketing programs across multiple segments, including email and digital channels. The position requires a unique combination of marketing experience, business acumen, project management, and communication. Youll be responsible for ensuring we are consistently following best practices while being an advocate for change and improvement. Our tech stack includes: Marketo, Salesforce, ChiliPiper, PathFactory, Qualified, Sendoso, Impartner, Unbounce, and more. 
Your Area of Focus

Support essential marketing operations functions including system maintenance, new integrations, and ongoing optimizations
Support revenue operations and revenue review that enable Tebra to make informed business decisions  
Review productivity across Tebra through inbound process optimization, supporting key initiatives, identifying opportunities for additional revenue, and data monitoring
Working with the marketing team, providing daily hands-on assistance with QA  deployment of Marketo programs. This includes email buildssends, landing pages, list imports, segmentation, webinars, events, etc.

Your Professional Qualifications

2 years of experience working in marketing automation tools (Marketo strongly preferred) and Salesforce.com
Basic knowledge of HTMLCSS
Love of systems, process, data, and scalability
Experience creating and maintaining technical process documentation
Experience with QA and a strong attention to detail
Understanding of B2B SaaS marketing best practices and how all current marketing channels function (Direct Mail, Webinars, Email Marketing, Paid Media, and Programmatic advertising - just to name a few!) 
Project management experience, including tools like AsanatrelloBasecamp to collaborate with stakeholders
Strong analytical skills to review current performance and identify opportunities for improvement
Ability to work well with other team members and cross-functionality to achieve personal and team goals

About Tebra
Kareo and PatientPop have joined forces to become Tebra, the digital backbone for practice well-being. While our teams are still supporting both products, our new hires and current employees are now united as Team Tebra. 
Tebra aims to unlock better healthcare by helping independent practices bring modernized care to patients everywhere. Well over 100,000 providers trust Tebra to elevate their patient experience, and help them grow their practice. At Tebra, were building the future of well-being together. That shared vision for tomorrow begins with compassion and humanity today.
Our Values
Start with the Customer 
We get to know our customers - and their patients - and look at the world through their lens.
Keep It Simple
Healthcare is too complex. We aim to simplify it for everyone.
Stay Entrepreneurial 
We reject the status quo and solve problems with creativity, perseverance, and a bias to action.
Better Together
We are diverse, humble, and collaborative. We put the team first and win together.
Celebrate Success
Life is short and joy is underrated. We take time to have fun and celebrate success.
Perks  Benefits 
In addition to our healthcare benefits, we also offer amazing perks! Need work from home basics? We offer a discount through Dell! We also offer a number of resources to help you keep your mind and body healthy. Check out obe Fitness or Gympass for a great workout, or LifeWorks Employee Assistance Program to find mental health resources, along with other resources for everyday occurrences.
 
LI-SD1 LI-Remote BI-Remote
 Remote Pay Range58,500—85,000 USDTebra is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
California residents who apply or are recruited for a job with us: please carefully review our California-specific Privacy Notice under the California Consumer Protection Act here: https:www.tebra.comprivacy-policycalifornia-supplemental-notice
If you would like to report a fraudulent Tebra job posting, please contact us at talentacquisitiontebra.com and consider reporting your experience to the FBIs Internet Crime Complaint Center or the Better Business Bureau to help keep others safe online, too.