Tebra only initiates contact with candidates via email from an official Tebra email address (tebra.com, patientpop.com, or kareo.com) or through our applicant tracking system, Greenhouse. We will only ask you to provide sensitive personal information through our official application portal — not via social media or text message. We do not conduct interviews via instant messaging.About the Role
As a Supervisor of the Manual Reputations Team, this role will work closely with our customer-facing integrationsreputations teams. The manual Reputations team works behind the scenes to enable the integration between Tebra and the practices EMRPMSScheduling System. You will be managing a team that manages each practices EMR systems and manages sharefile accounts to coordinate our reputation management service. 
Your Area of Focus

Oversee a team of up to 10-15 Customer Support Specialists
Supervise, coach, motivate, and develop the Customer Support Specialists
Drive achievement of corporate and Support goals and objectives
Ensure all operational programs, infrastructure, staffing and training is achieved consistently
Supervise Support staff to ensure that all customer phone calls and cases are responded to and resolved within quality guidelines
Conduct on-going quality reviews of member inquiriesrequests from all interaction channels to ensure the level of service rendered is within company standards and quality guidelines
Ensure CR Support team follows all SOPs and appropriate action is taken in the event of non-compliance
Provide effective supervision of assigned departmental operations
Uphold the Tebra Cultural elements and brand promise
Monitor results and change course as needed
Ensure staff receives assistance in resolving complex requests and complaints within a timely manner
Work cross-functionally with Training, Workforce Management, Peer Support, Account Management, Onboarding, Sales and other departments as needed
Partner with other teams to improve the client experience. May participate in cross-functional team projects
Responsible for all hiring, performance management and termination decisions
Actively promotes internal mobility.
Develops high performance teams by diagnosing, understanding and facilitating team dynamics.

Your Professional Qualifications

Domain experience in either healthcare, technology, or both preferred, but not required
12 months minimum experience in Customer Support or in Customer Support for SaaS companies
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written
Previous experience in managing or leading a team preferred
Experience working in a high-callemail volume environment a must
Ability to thrive in a changing environment, goal-driven and multitasking capabilities
Customer-centric attitude with the ability to manage customers, including at times of escalation
Ability to coach and mentor in such a way that ultimately improves employee performance
Demonstrated track record of providing outstanding customer service, timely management of cases and metrics delivery
Highly motivated and goal-oriented individual
Positive attitude and professionalism
High level of interpersonal skills
Demonstrated ability to work cross-functionally
Deep knowledge of customer service principles and practices
Must be flexible to change based on business needs
Must be dependable and self-motivated
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
High School Diploma

About Tebra
Kareo and PatientPop have joined forces to become Tebra, the digital backbone for practice well-being. While our teams are still supporting both products, our new hires and current employees are now united as Team Tebra. 
Tebra aims to unlock better healthcare by helping independent practices bring modernized care to patients everywhere. Well over 100,000 providers trust Tebra to elevate their patient experience, and help them grow their practice. At Tebra, were building the future of well-being together. That shared vision for tomorrow begins with compassion and humanity today.
Our Values
Start with the Customer 
We get to know our customers - and their patients - and look at the world through their lens.
Keep It Simple
Healthcare is too complex. We aim to simplify it for everyone.
Stay Entrepreneurial 
We reject the status quo and solve problems with creativity, perseverance, and a bias to action.
Better Together
We are diverse, humble, and collaborative. We put the team first and win together.
Celebrate Success
Life is short and joy is underrated. We take time to have fun and celebrate success.
Perks  Benefits 
To assist with all of lifes needs, Tebra also offers a wellness and childcare subsidy and a UniversityEducation discount! We also offer a number of resources to help you keep your mind and body healthy. Check out obe Fitness for a great workout, or LifeWorks Employee Assistance Program to find mental health resources, along with other resources for everyday occurrences.
 
LI-SS1 LI-Hybrid
 Tebra is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
California residents who apply or are recruited for a job with us: please carefully review our California-specific Privacy Notice under the California Consumer Protection Act here: https:www.tebra.comprivacy-policycalifornia-supplemental-notice
If you would like to report a fraudulent Tebra job posting, please contact us at talentacquisitiontebra.com and consider reporting your experience to the FBIs Internet Crime Complaint Center or the Better Business Bureau to help keep others safe online, too.