Tebra only initiates contact with candidates via email from an official Tebra email address (tebra.com, patientpop.com, or kareo.com) or through our applicant tracking system, Greenhouse. We will only ask you to provide sensitive personal information through our official application portal — not via social media or text message. We do not conduct interviews via instant messaging.About the Role
 We are looking for an Enrollments Specialist to join our team! In this role you will receive clients telephone calls or emails, resolve complex situations related to the Tebras course of business, have good command of the English language as well as excellent customer service skills with the ability to engage and problem solve.  
Your Area of Focus

Ownership of transaction requests (cases and payers) from beginning to end
Walking customers through expectations and processes needed for approval of connections 
Working with customers to collect information and complete specific enrollment agreements 
Following up customer and vendors to ensure all docs are properly completed and processed 
Solving issues that arise during the process 
Making sure that customers get all the information on the status of their enrollments 
Assisting customers with troubleshooting and procedure questions

Your Professional Qualifications

Domain experience in either healthcare, technology, or both preferred, but not required
Fluent English (CEFR B2) verbal and written communication skills, because you will persuade, present and problem solve throughout the day.
Expertise in customer service principles and office software applications
1-2 years experience with project-based work that involves following through on a process until its completion
Not only out of this world problem-solving skills, but the ability to find your way through a maze of resources to find solutions
Bonus points for having experience in medical billing, SalesForce or other CRM, and advanced telephone systems 

About Tebra
Kareo and PatientPop have joined forces to become Tebra, the digital backbone for practice well-being. While our teams are still supporting both products, our new hires and current employees are now united as Team Tebra. 
Tebra aims to unlock better healthcare by helping independent practices bring modernized care to patients everywhere. Well over 100,000 providers trust Tebra to elevate their patient experience, and help them grow their practice. At Tebra, were building the future of well-being together. That shared vision for tomorrow begins with compassion and humanity today.
Our Values
Start with the Customer 
We get to know our customers - and their patients - and look at the world through their lens.
Keep It Simple
Healthcare is too complex. We aim to simplify it for everyone.
Stay Entrepreneurial 
We reject the status quo and solve problems with creativity, perseverance, and a bias to action.
Better Together
We are diverse, humble, and collaborative. We put the team first and win together.
Celebrate Success
Life is short and joy is underrated. We take time to have fun and celebrate success.
Perks  Benefits 
To assist with all of lifes needs, Tebra also offers a wellness and childcare subsidy and a UniversityEducation discount! We also offer a number of resources to help you keep your mind and body healthy. Check out obe Fitness for a great workout, or LifeWorks Employee Assistance Program to find mental health resources, along with other resources for everyday occurrences.
 
LI-SS1 LI-HybridTebra is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
California residents who apply or are recruited for a job with us: please carefully review our California-specific Privacy Notice under the California Consumer Protection Act here: https:www.tebra.comprivacy-policycalifornia-supplemental-notice
If you would like to report a fraudulent Tebra job posting, please contact us at talentacquisitiontebra.com and consider reporting your experience to the FBIs Internet Crime Complaint Center or the Better Business Bureau to help keep others safe online, too.