Tebra only initiates contact with candidates via email from an official Tebra email address (tebra.com, patientpop.com, or kareo.com) or through our applicant tracking system, Greenhouse. We will only ask you to provide sensitive personal information through our official application portal — not via social media or text message. We do not conduct interviews via instant messaging.About the Role
Someone who will contribute to the development of the departments plans (and company strategy) by serving as the customers advocate: your unique insight into the challenges faced by our clients will help shape Tebras product and processes.  We love to nurture our representatives so that commitment and growth within our department can be encouraged. You will have the opportunity to advance your Support career in a fast changing and growing industry.
Your Area of Focus

Provide outstanding customer support to our clients with their Tebra products and services and troubleshoot their technical difficulties
Assist clients with navigating through our platform and provide customer support through inbound calls and emails
Resolve clients issues and questions while working closely with our internal team and external partners
Provide a positive image for Tebra to customers by cheerfully assisting customers with problems.
Provide training to empower customers to use Tebra to improve their operations as well as becoming a subject matter expert on or software
Act as a key team member in our growing company and work closely with people throughout the company
Help improve Tebras product and processes by contributing to the strategy using your unique insight into challenges faced by our clients and acting as the customer advocate.
Well rely on you to be the professional and friendly contact for our clients (many of whom are doctors, practice staff or billers learning about Tebra for the first time). Youll assist customers by answering phone calls and responding to emails in a timely, friendly and informative way. Youll have the opportunity to learn about both Tebra and the Medical Billing industry- ultimately becoming a Subject Matter Expert on both topics and a trusted resource for our clients

Your Professional Qualifications

 Fluent English (CEFR B2) verbal and written communication skills, because you will persuade, present and problem solve throughout the day.
High School Diploma.
2 years answering inbound phone calls and resolving technical software problems.
Bonus points for having knowledge in using Salesforce, Shortel, Confluence
A professional and friendly demeanor for our clients, many of whom are learning about Kareo for the first time.
Ability to be a critical resource to assist customers by answering phone calls and responding to emails in a timely, friendly and informative way.
Amazing telephone presence and LOVE of talking on the phone. Yes, love since this is where you will spend the majority of your day.
Comfort with most things technical especially Salesforce and Microsoft Office products. Knowing what SaaS stands for is a pretty big deal too.
Proven results in your ability to researchtest complex issues (we want to know how you achieved this!)
Open to learning new things.
Confidence, but not too much. Sense of urgency, but dont get here at 4:00 AM to start your day (no one will be here). Awesome sense of humor and empathy for those around you.
Experience in a software company. Or healthcare. Or health insurance (Nice to have)

About Tebra
Kareo and PatientPop have joined forces to become Tebra, the digital backbone for practice well-being. While our teams are still supporting both products, our new hires and current employees are now united as Team Tebra. 
Tebra aims to unlock better healthcare by helping independent practices bring modernized care to patients everywhere. Well over 100,000 providers trust Tebra to elevate their patient experience, and help them grow their practice. At Tebra, were building the future of well-being together. That shared vision for tomorrow begins with compassion and humanity today.
Our Values
Start with the Customer 
We get to know our customers - and their patients - and look at the world through their lens.
Keep It Simple
Healthcare is too complex. We aim to simplify it for everyone.
Stay Entrepreneurial 
We reject the status quo and solve problems with creativity, perseverance, and a bias to action.
Better Together
We are diverse, humble, and collaborative. We put the team first and win together.
Celebrate Success
Life is short and joy is underrated. We take time to have fun and celebrate success.
Perks  Benefits 
To assist with all of lifes needs, Tebra also offers a wellness and childcare subsidy and a UniversityEducation discount! We also offer a number of resources to help you keep your mind and body healthy. Check out obe Fitness for a great workout, or LifeWorks Employee Assistance Program to find mental health resources, along with other resources for everyday occurrences.
LI-SS1 LI-BG1 LI-AH1 LI-HybridTebra is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
California residents who apply or are recruited for a job with us: please carefully review our California-specific Privacy Notice under the California Consumer Protection Act here: https:www.tebra.comprivacy-policycalifornia-supplemental-notice
If you would like to report a fraudulent Tebra job posting, please contact us at talentacquisitiontebra.com and consider reporting your experience to the FBIs Internet Crime Complaint Center or the Better Business Bureau to help keep others safe online, too.