Tebra only initiates contact with candidates via email from an official Tebra email address (tebra.com, patientpop.com, or kareo.com) or through our applicant tracking system, Greenhouse. We will only ask you to provide sensitive personal information through our official application portal — not via social media or text message. We do not conduct interviews via instant messaging.About the Role
Although you are not required to be in an office, you must live in the designated territory of the Los Angeles City, California region. Candidates that require relocation will not be considered.
Tebra has defined a new category of software and we have established ourselves as the leader in practice growth software. As a Sales Executive, you are the face of the company when you are selling our SaaS solution to physicians and providers within the private practice space. As we continue to scale, you will be a contributing factor in driving us towards exponential growth. This is a remote role that requires you to be currently located in the Los Angeles region. You will actively call on new clients and boost company revenue through customer acquisition. Joining our field sales organization will give you the opportunity to apply your skill-set as you build and sustain customer growth through territory management, daily prospecting, running product demonstrations with physicians, and building a strong referral network of both clients and vendors. You will join a collaborative team of outside sales executives who support each other and create a friendly, competitive, and winning team culture.
Tebra is the leader in practice growth with the only all-in-one solution that empowers healthcare providers to improve every digital touchpoint of the patient journey. As experts in the healthcare technology space, Tebra makes it easy for providers to promote their practices online, attract patients, and retain them for life. 
Your Area of Focus

Develop a target list of prospects for weekly planning to effectively manage territory 
Hunt new business by prospecting 15-20 practices each day between calling, email and in-person cold calls 
Build a territory through performing 20 meetings each month and signing up 9 providers andor 67,500 in Annual Recurring Revenue 
Log activity and manage a growing pipeline through Salesforce 
Generate a diverse pipeline of single and multi-provider practices ranging from 8,000 - 60,000 per deal. 
Actively seek out personal and professional growth to continue sharpening industry and product knowledge along with sales methodologies. 
Support internal teams such as implementation, customer success, website design, and customer quality assurance

Your Professional Qualifications

Experience using CRM, ideally Salesforce
2-4 years in a high volume, in-person net new sales role 
Experience hunting and closing new business 
A proven sales process and track record of exceeding quota 
Openness and willingness to be coached and mentored 
A desire to be creative with your sales process and outreach
An ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment

About Tebra
Kareo and PatientPop have joined forces to become Tebra, the digital backbone for practice well-being. While our teams are still supporting both products, our new hires and current employees are now united as Team Tebra. 
Tebra aims to unlock better healthcare by helping independent practices bring modernized care to patients everywhere. Well over 100,000 providers trust Tebra to elevate their patient experience, and help them grow their practice. At Tebra, were building the future of well-being together. That shared vision for tomorrow begins with compassion and humanity today.
Our Values
Start with the Customer 
We get to know our customers - and their patients - and look at the world through their lens.
Keep It Simple
Healthcare is too complex. We aim to simplify it for everyone.
Stay Entrepreneurial 
We reject the status quo and solve problems with creativity, perseverance, and a bias to action.
Better Together
We are diverse, humble, and collaborative. We put the team first and win together.
Celebrate Success
Life is short and joy is underrated. We take time to have fun and celebrate success.
Perks  Benefits 
In addition to our healthcare benefits, we also offer amazing perks! Need work from home basics? We offer a discount through Dell! We also offer a number of resources to help you keep your mind and body healthy. Check out obe Fitness or Gympass for a great workout, or LifeWorks Employee Assistance Program to find mental health resources, along with other resources for everyday occurrences.
LI-SB1 Remote Pay Range70,000—140,000 USDTebra is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
California residents who apply or are recruited for a job with us: please carefully review our California-specific Privacy Notice under the California Consumer Protection Act here: https:www.tebra.comprivacy-policycalifornia-supplemental-notice
If you would like to report a fraudulent Tebra job posting, please contact us at talentacquisitiontebra.com and consider reporting your experience to the FBIs Internet Crime Complaint Center or the Better Business Bureau to help keep others safe online, too.