Remote hybrid: Persons in these roles are expected to spend part of their time on-site in our Seattle offices and may occasionally work remotely from their home in the Greater Seattle area. On-site requirements vary based on position and team. If you have questions about Hybrid work arrangements for this role, please ask your recruiter.
Compensation Range: 162,170 - 252,990
Research Scientist
Who You Are:
Are you passionate about taking artificial intelligence to the next level, to solve problems that require modeling, reasoning, and explanation? We are looking for talented researchers interested in applying their skills towards the next generation of intelligent systems, and pursuing our mission of AI for the common good.
Who We Are: 
Our Aristo team works to build systems that demonstrate a deep understanding of the world, integrating technologies for reading, learning, reasoning, and explanation. 
After our success on Eighth Grade Science Exams, the Aristo project has broadened its mission towards problems requiring both reading and explanation. This ambitious undertaking will require new advances in machine reading, natural language understanding, common-sense knowledge acquisition, machine inference, and more. We are looking for motivated people ready to take on a complex challenge with huge potential impact for the future of AI.
Your Next Challenge:
The essential functions include, but are not limited to the following:

Primary focus in one of the following specific areas: 

Language and Vision
Information extraction and semantic parsing
Question answering
Language and reasoning
Machine learning and theory formation
Semantic search
Natural language processing
Diagram understanding
Visual knowledge extraction and visual reasoning


Opportunity to contribute and engage in a variety of other areas critical to our research and mission
Opportunities to participate in or lead select RD projects, work with management to develop the long term vision for knowledge systems RD, take a leading role in overseeing and implementing software systems supporting AI2s research, author and present scientific papers and presentations for peer-reviewed journals and conferences, and help develop collaborative and strategic relationships with relevant academic, industrial, government, and standards organizations.

What Youll Need:
We are looking for energetic, inspired individuals with skills in one or more of the following areas:

Machine reasoning 
Natural language processing
Large-scale language modeling
Question answering and explanation

We are particularly interested in researchers with a passion for the larger vision of AI, building systems that can read, reason, and understand.
Applicants for Research Scientist at AI2 should have a strong foundation (typically PhD level) in one or more of the following areas: natural language processing, machine reading, automatic knowledge base construction, large-scale textual inference and entailment, knowledge representation and reasoning, computer vision and machine learning, or question answering and explanation. We look favorably upon extensive work experience and publishing demonstrating application of your research.
Physical Demands and Work Environment:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by a team member to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the functions.

Must be able to remain in a stationary position for long periods of time. 
The ability to communicate information and ideas so others will understand. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations. 
The ability to observe details at close range.
Can work under deadlines.

A Little More About AI2:
The Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence is a non-profit research institute in Seattle founded by Paul Allen. The core mission of AI2 is to contribute to humanity through high-impact research in artificial intelligence. 
In addition to AI2s core mission, we also aim to contribute to humanity through our treatment of each member of the AI2 Team. Some highlights are:

We are a learning organization  because everything AI2 does is ground-breaking, we are learning every day. Similarly, through weekly AI2 Academy lectures, a wide variety of world-class AI experts as guest speakers, and our commitment to your personal on-going education, AI2 is a place where you will have opportunities to continue learning alongside your coworkers. 
We value diversity - We seek to hire, support, and promote people from all genders, ethnicities, and all levels of experience regardless of age. We particularly encourage applications from women, non-binary individuals, people of color, members of the LGBTQA community, and people with disabilities of any kind. 
We value inclusion - We understand the value that peoples individual experiences and perspectives can bring to an organization, and we are building a culture in which all voices are heard, respected and considered.
We emphasize a healthy worklife balance  we believe our team members are happiest and most productive when their worklife balance is optimized. While we value powerful research results which drive our mission forward, we also value dinner with family, weekend time, and vacation time. We offer generous paid vacation and sick leave as well as family leave.
We are collaborative and transparent  we consider ourselves a team, all moving with a common purpose. We are quick to cheer our successes, and even quicker to share and jointly problem solve our failures.
We are in Seattle  and our office is on the water! We have mountains, we have lakes, we have four seasons, we bike to work, we have a vibrant theater scene, and we have so much else. We even have kayaks for you to paddle right outside our front door. We welcome interest from applicants from outside of the United States.
We are friendly chances are you will like every one of the 200 (and growing) people who work here. We do. 

AI2 is proud to be an Equal Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. You may view the related Know Your Rights compliance poster and the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision by clicking on their corresponding links. 
This employer participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S. If E-Verify cannot confirm that you are authorized to work, this employer is required to give you written instructions and an opportunity to contact the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) or Social Security Administration (SSA) so you can begin to resolve the issue before the employer can take any action against you, including terminating your employment. Employers can only use E-Verify once you have accepted a job offer and completed the Form I-9.
We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to employees and applicants with disabilities to the full extent required by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). If you feel you need a reasonable accommodation pursuant to the ADA, you are encouraged to contact us at recruitingallenai.org 
Benefits: 

Team members and their families are covered by medical, dental, vision, basic life insurance, basic accidental death and dismemberment insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, and an employee assistance program. 
Team members are able to enroll in our voluntary life insurance program, our voluntary accidental death and dismemberment program, our health savings account plan, our healthcare reimbursement arrangement plan, and our health care and dependent care flexible spending account plans. 
Team members are able to enroll in our companys 401k plan. 
Team members will receive 125 per month to assist with commuting or internet expenses and are eligible to receive up to 150 reimbursement for health and wellbeing expenses per month.
Team members will also receive up to ten sick days per year, up to seven personal days per year, up to 20 vacation days per year and twelve paid holidays throughout the calendar year.
Team members will be able to receive annual bonuses and can participate in the long-term incentive plan.

 
 
 
 
Note: This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the team members(s) of this position. Team members will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments. All duties and responsibilities are essential functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. To perform this job successfully, the team member(s) will possess the skills, aptitudes, and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. Some requirements may exclude individuals who pose a direct threat or significant risk to the health or safety of themselves or others. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills, or abilities. This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an at will relationship.