Remote Eligible: Persons in these roles are welcome to work remotely from any state in the US.
Compensation Range: 86,520 - 123,600Compensation dependent upon degree attained 
Research Internship
Who You Are:
AI2 is seeking passionate, early-career researchers to join us for an internship. Undergraduate, Masters and PhD graduate students in AI-related fields are invited to apply for full-time research internships with us year-round. Applicants should have an interest in natural language processing, machine learning, knowledge representation, semantics, question answering, textual entailment, andor computer vision. International candidates are welcome to apply. Pay is competitive, and visa sponsorship is available.
Please apply by the following deadline: 
December 11, 2023 for Summer 2024 
All applications made by December 11, 2023 will be given full consideration, any applications received after this date will be considered on a rolling basis.
Who We Are: 
AI2s Perceptual Reasoning and Interaction Research team (PRIOR) is looking for PhD, Masters and Undergraduate interns to join our team. PRIOR seeks to advance computer vision to create AI systems that see, explore, learn, and reason about the world. Learn more about PRIOR here. 
As a research intern in the PRIOR team, you will have the opportunity to work in a variety of research areas including:

Embodied AI - Enable agents that safely navigate, manipulate objects, and follow instructions in simulation and in the real world (w real robots)
Language  Vision - Make vision and language systems more general, efficient, and capable
AI for Common Good - Apply AI to help address global challenges such as climate change, illegal fishing, and wildlife poaching
Open Source Projects - Make substantial contributions to the tools needed for robust, reproducible, and distributed experimentation (including AllenAct framework for Embodied AI)

Your Next Challenge:
At AI2, you will be working with world-class AI researchers and talented software engineers. We perform team-based, ambitious research, with a mandate to strive for big breakthroughs, not just incremental progress, in an exciting and interactive workplace. 
All interns are paired with a mentor and will participate directly in AI2s groundbreaking work. There are no restrictions on publications based on internships. Each of our research teams has a specific application for interested candidates, so please familiarize yourself with our projects and apply to the specific team(s) that best match your skills and interests.
AI2 Research Interns will have the opportunity to do the following tasks:

Reading the scientific literature to investigate and understand AI research 
Executing AI research under guidance of the mentor, which may include building AI systems or system components, developing datasets, andor conducting experiments 
Meeting with the mentor to discuss research progress and ideas

To see more about our current, future, and past interns, check out our internship page on our website!
AI2 Intern of the Year Opportunity:
AI2 offers an Intern of the Year Award that will recognize a research intern who has performed outstanding research that will lead to a high-quality paper aligned with one of AI2s projects.  This winning intern will receive:

10,000 cash prize (applicable to tax)
Invitation to return to AI2 for another internship
External announcement of their award

What Youll Need:

Be pursuing a BS, MS, or PhD in computer science or a related field
Have an interest in cutting-edge artificial intelligence research

Physical Demands and Work Environment:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the functions.

Must be able to remain in a stationary position for long periods of time. 
The ability to communicate information and ideas so others will understand. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations. 
The ability to observe details at close range.
Can work under deadlines.

A Little More About AI2:
The Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence is a non-profit research institute in Seattle founded by Paul Allen. The core mission of AI2 is to contribute to humanity through high-impact research in artificial intelligence. 
In addition to AI2s core mission, we also aim to contribute to humanity through our treatment of each member of the AI2 Team. Some highlights are:

We are a learning organization  because everything AI2 does is ground-breaking, we are learning every day. Similarly, through weekly AI2 Academy lectures, a wide variety of world-class AI experts as guest speakers, and our commitment to your personal on-going education, AI2 is a place where you will have opportunities to continue learning alongside your coworkers. 
We value diversity - We seek to hire, support, and promote people from all genders, ethnicities, and all levels of experience regardless of age. We particularly encourage applications from women, non-binary individuals, people of color, members of the LGBTQA community, and people with disabilities of any kind. 
We value inclusion - We understand the value that peoples individual experiences and perspectives can bring to an organization, and we are building a culture in which all voices are heard, respected and considered.
We emphasize a healthy worklife balance  we believe our team members are happiest and most productive when their worklife balance is optimized. While we value powerful research results which drive our mission forward, we also value dinner with family, weekend time, and vacation time. We offer generous paid vacation and sick leave as well as family leave.
We are collaborative and transparent  we consider ourselves a team, all moving with a common purpose. We are quick to cheer our successes, and even quicker to share and jointly problem solve our failures.
We are in Seattle  and our office is on the water! We have mountains, we have lakes, we have four seasons, we bike to work, we have a vibrant theater scene, and we have so much else. We even have kayaks for you to paddle right outside our front door. We welcome interest from applicants from outside of the United States.
We are friendly chances are you will like every one of the 200 (and growing) people who work here. We do. 

AI2 is proud to be an Equal Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. You may view the related Know Your Rights compliance poster and the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision by clicking on their corresponding links. 
This employer participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S. If E-Verify cannot confirm that you are authorized to work, this employer is required to give you written instructions and an opportunity to contact the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) or Social Security Administration (SSA) so you can begin to resolve the issue before the employer can take any action against you, including terminating your employment. Employers can only use E-Verify once you have accepted a job offer and completed the Form I-9.
We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to employees and applicants with disabilities to the full extent required by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). If you feel you need a reasonable accommodation pursuant to the ADA, you are encouraged to contact us at recruitingallenai.org 
Benefits: 

Team members and their families are covered by medical, dental, vision, and an employee assistance program. 
Team members are able to enroll in our health savings account plan, our healthcare reimbursement arrangement plan, and our health care and dependent care flexible spending account plans. 
Team members will receive 125 per month to assist with commuting or internet expenses. 
Team members will also receive up to ten sick days per year, up to seven personal days per year, up to 20 vacation days per year and twelve paid holidays throughout the calendar year.

 
 
 
 
Note: This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the team members(s) of this position. Team members will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments. All duties and responsibilities are essential functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. To perform this job successfully, the team member(s) will possess the skills, aptitudes, and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. Some requirements may exclude individuals who pose a direct threat or significant risk to the health or safety of themselves or others. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills, or abilities. This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an at will relationship.