Want to learn more about The Scion Group? Check out our website.
Were hiring immediately!
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.Your Opportunity
Scion is paving a path in student living and the Experience Team Member (ETM) is essential to our commitment to exceptional customer experience and strong partnerships within the community. This position combines marketing, relationship building, administration and customer service all in one.
The ETM will thrive in a fast-paced, agile, collegiate environment. This role demands exceptional interpersonal and problem-solving skills and stellar work ethic.
Your Benefits

FLSA Status Non-Exempt
Discretionary annual bonus
Paid Time Off
Health Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
401k Matching
Paid Maternal Leave
Parental Leave
Learning reimbursement opportunities

Your Responsibilities
Customer Experience  Sales

Prioritize interactions and communication with customers. Provide community and amenity tours.
Provide feedback on sales barriers and customer objections to management team.
Execute sales and engagement initiatives as outlined by management.
Provide recommendations on local marketing opportunities and messaging.
Assist with social media and communication on various platforms to engage customers.
Assist with planning, promoting and executing customer experience initiatives, engagement initiatives, and additional marketing opportunities.
Always represent the community positively and professionally, both in and out of the office.

Property Administration

Demonstrate proficiency with general community, market and policy knowledge.
Log, file and retrieve customer packages.
Assist with general housekeeping involved with opening, closing and maintaining the office, clubhouse, grounds and amenities.
Schedule and follow up on maintenance requests to aid in timely resolutions.
Maintain office organization and cleanliness.
Assist with after-hours lock out duties as required.

The responsibilities listed above may not be all inclusive.
What We Require

Customer-centric mindset
Agility  flexibility with a frequently changing environment
Great communication  interpersonal skills with a diverse population
Reliability  self-discipline
Availability to work during summer, holidays, and Turn periods

Operational Details

Job location is at the assigned property.
Working hours consist of daytime business hours and after hour on-call rotation.

 
The Scion Group LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, national origin, color, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability (as long as the employeeapplicant is otherwise qualified for the job with or without a reasonable accommodation), genetic information, HIVAIDS status, marital status, uniformed service, veteran status, pregnancy or other legally protected status or category under federal or state law. The Scion Group LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in all locations in which the Company has properties. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leaves of absence, compensation, training and other terms and conditions of employment. The Scion Group LLC is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunities.
IND3 wearehiring werehiring full-time  full time