Want to learn more about The Scion Group? Check out our website.
Were hiring immediately!
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.Your Opportunity
Scion is paving a path in student living and the General Manager is a keystone team member in the execution of our vision. This position is a dynamic business manager, community leader and expert in maintaining thriving operational, expense and revenue performance.        
The General Manager is a customer-centric leader that excels in a fast-paced, agile, collegiate environment. This role demands quick-thinking and excellent decision quality, general business knowledge, exceptional leadership and an innate self-drive.
Your Benefits

FLSA Status Exempt
Discretionary annual bonus
Paid Time Off
Health Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
401k Matching
Paid Maternity Leave

Your Responsibilities
Staff Development and Leadership

Attract, hire, retain and train exceptional team members.
Provide leadership, accountability and coaching for staff performance and foster a positive and productive team environment.
Proactively succession plan and ensure community operates successfully in your absence.
Responsible for all onsite staff training and compliance, including Fair Housing, safety, and company policies.
Accountable for appropriate property staffing at all times, including after hour on-call shifts, being the primary responder.

Property Administration

Prepare, respond and advise on all community aspects including market, physical condition, policies, procedures and onsite emergencies.
Engage the Legal department for vendor management, risk management and contract administration matters.
Proactively plan and execute annual Turnover process to ensure all team members and vendors have clear goals and expectations to meet all deadlines.

Facilities  Capital

Accountable for safe and sanitary community experience for employees, residents and guests including property appearance, operationally sound facilities, preventative maintenance and great service.
Accountable for property curb appeal and overall appearance of building exterior, common areas, amenities, and apartments. 
Maintain and audit valid building and system permits. Plan and provide oversight for property and vendor inspections.
Regularly inspect grounds, interior and resident amenities  general common areas to ensure that the facilities comply with all codes and company standards.

Financial Performance

Manage all financial aspects of the property such as preparing annual and capital budgets, managing property expenditures, variance requests, invoice entry, payroll, inventory, collection policies, enhancing NOI, forecasting, meeting revenue targets, and month-end processes.
Work collaboratively with Property Accounting to prepare monthly financial accounting, reporting, and explanation of variances.
Forecast and manage financial performance of annual Turnover process including personnel management, overtime hours, and vendor contracts.
Pro-actively seek out ways to add revenue andor reduce expenses to enhance Net Operating Income.

Customer Experience  Sales

Implement and maintain Scions customer experience philosophy including but not limited to: brand integrity, reputation management, resident events, work order management, turnover, hiring and developing staff with a customer experience mindset.
Responsible for reputation management using appropriate systems andor platforms.
Accountable for achievement of revenue targets such as market rates, gain to lease, concessions and leasing velocity.
Accountable for ensuring that all onsite staff are clear on sales and revenue goals and that they are constantly working to achieve them.
Monitor KPIs in relevant platforms, report on insights and proactively address issues.

The responsibilities listed above may not be all inclusive.
What We Require

Exceptional written and verbal communicator
Keen on strategic agility
Sharp business acumen
Customer-centric mindset
3 years experience managing living communities and a team of 3
Proficient in Property Management Systems (Entrata preferred)

Operational Details

Job location is at the assigned property. May be required to travel periodically.
Working hours consist of daytime business hours, requiring additional non-traditional hours during peak times and emergencies.

The Scion Group LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, national origin, color, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability (as long as the employeeapplicant is otherwise qualified for the job with or without a reasonable accommodation), genetic information, HIVAIDS status, marital status, uniformed service, veteran status, pregnancy or other legally protected status or category under federal or state law. The Scion Group LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in all locations in which the Company has properties. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leaves of absence, compensation, training and other terms and conditions of employment. The Scion Group LLC is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunities.
IND1 wearehiring werehiring 