Want to learn more about The Scion Group? Check out our website.
Were hiring immediately!
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.Your Opportunity
Scion is in search of a PorterGatekeeper to provide optimal care and maintenance of a residential propertys common areas. The Porter is responsible for the general cleanliness and upkeep of common areas, indoor and outdoor. This position may also be required to assist with general maintenance needs, cleaning and moving services.
The Porter is customer-centric oriented and excels in a collegiate environment. This role demands initiative, an eye for detail and unwavering follow through. 
Your Benefits

FLSA Status Exempt
Discretionary annual bonus
Paid Time Off
Health Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
401k Matching
Paid Maternal Leave
Parental Leave
Learning reimbursement opportunities

Your Responsibilities

Maintain the physical condition of the property according to The Scion Groups Standard Operating Procedures, OSHA and Industry standards.
Perform physically demanding work to maintain the asset, and other property features to minimize liability concerns.
Remove trash and other debris from the common areas on a continuous basis.
Sweep and remove debris from the curbs, parking areas, walkways and stairways as scheduled.
Maintain and repair loose stairwell treads.
Maintain and repair exterior lighting by replacing burned out bulbs and reporting inventory to supervisor.
Mow all lawn areas, remove clippings as scheduled, trim all planting beds, rake and remove leaves and other debris from landscaped areas.
Apply weed and feed to lawn areas as scheduled; top seed and water areas as needed.
Install seasonal plantings, replacement shrubs and trees, decorative rock and water features.
Trim and prune trees and shrubs as directed.
Maintain, adjust and repair irrigation system and fountains as needed.
Clean pool and spa in accordance with manufacturer specifications and code compliance.
Perform routine maintenance and repairs to pool equipment, as directed.
Know the emergency procedures for the property, including the location and how to engage water and gas shutoff valves and access to sewer cleanouts and fuse panels.
Promote safety awareness to limit property loss and damage or injury to residents and visitors to the property.
Keep drainage grills on grounds clear of leaves.
Pressure-wash sidewalks, buildings, pool decks, etc.
Assist in snow removal at property, as required.
Undertake training related to job duties as deemed necessary.
Maintain required property uniform and present a professional appearance and attitude.

The responsibilities listed above may not be all inclusive.
What We Require

High schoolGED or trade school diploma and one year of full-time experience in some aspect of lawngrounds maintenance, or an equivalent combination of education and experience
Efficient in reading instructions and documenting labor and materials
Record of punctuality and dependability, ability to work with under pressure of deadlines, and schedule flexibility to accommodate after-hours and weekend emergencies
Possession of a valid drivers license
Ability to stand 8 hours or longer per day and lift up to 100 lbs. as necessary

Operational Details

Job location is at the assigned property.
Serves in an on-call capacity, except during approved PTO periods.

The Scion Group LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, national origin, color, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability (as long as the employeeapplicant is otherwise qualified for the job with or without a reasonable accommodation), genetic information, HIVAIDS status, marital status, uniformed service, veteran status, pregnancy or other legally protected status or category under federal or state law. The Scion Group LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in all locations in which the Company has properties. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leaves of absence, compensation, training and other terms and conditions of employment. The Scion Group LLC is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunities.
 
IND3 wearehiring werehiring 
 