Want to learn more about The Scion Group? Check out our website.
Were hiring immediately!
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.Your Opportunity
At The Scion Group, were changing what student housing means. Its bigger than beds and buildings. Its about providing unique experiences and creating communities — both on and off campus — that feel like less like a place and more like a home.
The Porter provides a customer-centric focus to the care and maintenance of the outdoor features of a residential property, including landscaping of planting beds, lawn care, snow and ice removal from hard surfaces, and trash removal. Additionally, the Porter is responsible for the general cleanliness and upkeep of common area facilities including but not limited to, the pool and spa, club room, public rest rooms, laundry rooms, parking areas and exterior building lights. The Porter may also assist others with the general maintenance needs of the property, cleaning and moving services on an as-needed basis, always with a focus on professional services for residents.    
Your Benefits

FLSA Status Non-Exempt
Discretionary annual bonus
Paid Time Off
Health Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
401k Matching
Paid Maternal Leave
Parental Leave
Learning reimbursement opportunities

Key attributes in our next team member 

Customer-Centric Attitude 
Solution-oriented
Interpersonal Savvy; effective communicator  
Motivator 

Responsibilities

Maintains the physical condition of the property according to The Scion Groups Standard Operating Procedures, OSHA and Industry standards. Performs physically demanding work to maintain the asset, and other property features to minimize liability concerns.
Removes trash and other debris from the common areas on a continuous basis.
Sweeps and removes debris from the curbs, parking areas, walkways and stairways as scheduled.
Maintains and repairs loose stairwell treads.
Maintains and repairs exterior lighting by replacing burned out bulbs and reporting inventory to supervisor.
Mows all lawn areas of the property and remove clippings as scheduled.
Rakes and removes leaves and other debris from landscaped areas.
Applies weed and feed to lawn areas as scheduled; top seed and water areas as needed.
Installs seasonal plantings, replacement shrubs and trees, decorative rock and water features.
Trims and prunes trees and shrubs as directed.
Maintains, adjusts and repairs irrigation system and fountains as needed.
Cleans pool and spa in accordance with manufacturer specifications and code compliance.
Performs routine maintenance and repairs to pool equipment, as directed.
Knows the emergency procedures for the property, including the location and how to engage water and gas shutoff valves and access to sewer cleanouts and fuse panels.
Promotes safety awareness to limit property loss and damage or injury to residents and visitors to the property.
Adheres to all property policies and procedures.
Keeps drainage grills on grounds clear of leaves.
Pressure washes sidewalks, buildings, pool decks etc.
Assists in snow removal at property, as required.
Maintains required property uniform and presents a professional appearance and attitude.

The responsibilities listed above are not all inclusive.
Qualifications

High SchoolGED or Trade School diploma and one year of full-time experience in some aspect of lawngrounds maintenance, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Efficient in reading instructions and documenting labor and materials.
Certified Pool Operator (CPO) preferred.
Record of punctuality and dependability, ability to work with under pressure of deadlines, schedule flexibility to accommodate after hour and weekend emergencies
Demonstrates a sensitivity and understanding of the diverse population of residents and employees. Follows the companys non-harassment and inclusion policies.   
Possession of a valid drivers license.

 
The Scion Group LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, national origin, color, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability (as long as the employeeapplicant is otherwise qualified for the job with or without a reasonable accommodation), genetic information, HIVAIDS status, marital status, uniformed service, veteran status, pregnancy or other legally protected status or category under federal or state law. The Scion Group LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in all locations in which the Company has properties. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leaves of absence, compensation, training and other terms and conditions of employment. The Scion Group LLC is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunities.
 
IND2 wearehiring werehiring 