Want to learn more about The Scion Group? Check out our website.
Were hiring immediately!
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.Your Opportunity
Scion is paving a path in student living and the Facilities Supervisor is a keystone team member in the execution of our vision. This position ensures safety and functionality of the propertys buildings and equipment and ensures optimal service is carried out by the onsite Facilities team and any third-party vendors. 
The Facilities Supervisor is a subject matter expert and experienced leader who excels in a fast-paced, agile, collegiate environment. This role demands superior problem solving, leadership and unwavering follow through. Those in the Facilities Supervisor position may also be asked to assist other properties. 
Your Benefits

FLSA Status Exempt
Discretionary annual bonus
Paid Time Off
Health Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
401k Matching
Paid Maternal Leave
Parental Leave
Learning reimbursement opportunities

Your Responsibilities

Manage all building services and preventative maintenance programs to the best of industries practices, the Scions Standard Operating Procedures, and in compliance with the StateFederal Govt.OSHAs Codesregulations.
Supervise the day-to-day operations including but not limited to heating, ventilating, air conditioning (HVAC), plumbing and piping, fire protection, and general building maintenance and troubleshooting, building automation systems and building maintenance systems.
Monitor systems and provides diagnostics, preventative maintenance, annual testing, permitting, certification for all major building systems including, but not limited to: chilled water systems with fan coil units, air handling units with outside condensers including roof top units (RTU), building stationary boilers, hot  cold water distribution systems (plumbing, pressurepneumaticstorage tanks, variable frequency drive (and pumps  motors), domestic hot water heaters, building automation systems (BAS), electrical distribution systems, switchgears and controls, generators, uninterrupted Power supply (UPS), elevators and lifts, parking structures (ventilationdrainage Systems, T-Joints), entrance  exit Gates and overhead doors, shingledtarred roof, TPO membrane roofing system, EIFS, brick, vinyl,  cementitious sideboard, ACP, curtain walls, insulated glass units (IGUs).
Operate and manage all life safety systems including fire pumps, fire alarm monitoring panels, drywet sprinkler systems, visual and audible alarms, back flow preventers, smoke detectors, CO2 sensorsalarms, fire extinguishers, emergency lighting, means of egress, fire dampers.
Prioritize and schedule maintenance work, assuring quality of work consistent with Scions standards.
Manage the Facilities Technicians to ensure all service requests are completed within Scion standards and are appropriately and accurately documented.
Manage facilities budgets, using appropriate business software.
Review completed work to verify conformance to standards or repair requirements.
Ensure all emergency, routine maintenancerepairs are carried out in a timely and professional manner.
Respond promptly and effectively to all safetyrisk-management-related issues at the property.
Review completed work orders for accuracy of labor hours, materials cost, and track recurring equipment failures.
Conduct regular inspection tours of buildings, interior common areas and the exterior of the property, equipment and surrounding grounds for deficiencies, potential safety, health, or code problems and necessary repairs.
Prepare written reports summarizing findings, and advises other building users as appropriate, of the findings.
Provide recommendations for dealing with problems noticed in inspections.  
Oversee and supervise Turn preparation including the prompt inspection of vacated units, makes appropriate repairs and charges, and ensures completion as scheduled.
Inspect vacant units after repairs and maintenance have been completed to determine quality of work performed and readiness for occupancy.
Manage the maintenance spare parts and the tools inventory, determining which partstools to stock and their stock level and working directly with General Manager to maintain inventory of parts, tools, and supplies within budget.
Maintain shop appearance and all mechanical, supply, electrical and storage facilities on site.
Ensure proper maintenance of equipment to ensure warranty compliance and extended useful life.
Oversee all other contracted work in the building, obtaining bids and negotiating prices with vendors and contractors, as approved by the General Manager or the Regional Manager.
Coordinate deliveries, schedules, and performance of all facility related vendors.
Ensure proper safety procedures are followed, personal protective equipment is used, and health  safety policies are enforced.
Manage process for keying and coringcoding of locks and maintain lock procedures, logbooks and protocols for key management and security.
Effectively implement standard operating procedures and preventive maintenance programs according to Scions standards.
Take part in emergency preparedness planning and acts as essential personnel in emergencies.
Escalate unique or urgent repairsreplacements to General Manager and Regional Facilities Manager.
Maintain records on all major systems including maintenance manuals, manufacturers cut sheets, warranties, and equipment specifications.
Work closely with the General Manager and Regional Facilities Manager to manage, formulate and track facilities and capital budget.
Hire, train and develop Facilities team members, holding them accountable for delivering a high level of service.

The activities listed above may not be all inclusive.
What We Require

High school diplomaGED, trade school diploma, or military training
5 years of relevant experience managing building system in multi-unit residential properties, 2 years of supervisory experience
2 years experience with building automation systems, and life safety systems
EPA 608 Universal certification
HVACEPA 608 Universal certification
Certified Pool Operator (CPO), or intention to obtain within six months
Expertise in plumbing, HVAC, electrical and mechanical systems as well as generally accepted maintenance practices
Ability to read and interpret documents such as design drawings, blueprints, safety guidelines, operating and maintenance instructions and procedural manuals
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously, set priorities and meet deadlines
Basic computer working knowledge, including Microsoft Office and CMMS
Valid drivers license
Ability to stand 8 hours or longer per day and lift up to 100 lbs. as necessary

Operational Details

Job location is at the assigned property. May be required to travel periodically.
Serves in an on-call capacity, except during approved PTO periods.

The Scion Group LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, national origin, color, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability (as long as the employeeapplicant is otherwise qualified for the job with or without a reasonable accommodation), genetic information, HIVAIDS status, marital status, uniformed service, veteran status, pregnancy or other legally protected status or category under federal or state law. The Scion Group LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in all locations in which the Company has properties. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leaves of absence, compensation, training and other terms and conditions of employment. The Scion Group LLC is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunities.
IND6 wearehiring werehiring