Want to learn more about The Scion Group? Check out our website.
Were hiring immediately!
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.Your Opportunity
Scion is paving a path in student living, and the General Manager is a keystone team member in the execution of our vision. This position is a dynamic business manager, community leader and expert in maintaining thriving operational, expense and revenue performance.
The General Manager is a customer-centric leader that excels in a fast-paced, agile, collegiate environment. This role demands quick-thinking and excellent decision quality, general business knowledge, exceptional leadership and an innate self-drive.
Your Benefits

FLSA Status Exempt
Discretionary annual bonus
Paid Time Off
Health Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
401k Matching
Paid Maternal Leave
Parental Leave
Learning reimbursement opportunities

Your Responsibilities
Staff Development and Leadership

Partner with Talent Acquisition and HR Operations to attract and hire exceptional team members through Greenhouse.
Collaborate with Learning  Development to train, develop and provide leadership to exceptional team members to ensure the property can operate effectively and to ensure team members are pursuing the next step in their Scion career.
Accountable for scheduling appropriate property staffing at all times, including after hour on-call shifts, being the primary responder.
Elevate employee experience through data, conversations and team building to ensure high morale.

Property Administration

Prepare, respond and advise on all community aspects including market, physical condition, policies, procedures and onsite emergencies with partner departments.
Engage internal Legal department for vendor management, risk management, court appearance and contract administration matters.
Conduct quarterly apartment inspections to assess damage and identify property improvements to address.

Facilities  Capital

Accountable for safe and sanitary community experience for employees, residents and guests including curb appeal, operationally sound facilities, common areas and preventative maintenance.
Uphold The Scion Standard by conducting monthly property walks and submitting scorecard assessments around inspections.
Maintain and audit valid building and system permits to ensure that the property complies with all codes and company standards.
Responsible for identifying all capital expenditures improvements needed at the property and working with Regional Manager and Facilities  Capital Department on approval and execution of new projects.
Obtain vendor bids on all projects and gain approval for projects that exceed the budgeted threshold for the property.

Annual Turnover Process

Proactively plan and execute annual turnover process with the Assistant General Manager and Facilities Supervisor to ensure all team members and vendors have clear goals and expectations to meet deadlines.
Partner closely with Talent Acquisition to adequately staff the property for support with annual turnover deadlines.
Forecast and manage financial performance of annual turnover process to keep controllable property expenses within budget.
Utilize Turnable to create, manage and update electronic turnover board to ensure adequate progress is being made and deadlines are being met.
Conduct move-out inspections and vendor service walks to ensure units are ready for resident move-in dates.
Provide hands-on help throughout all turn related tasks, including but not limited to moving furniture and appliances, assisting facilities team with punches, organizing high volume of resident trash and cleaning turnover units.

Financial Performance

Work closely with partner departments for financial aspects of the property such as preparing annual and capital budgets, managing property expenditures, invoice entry, payroll, inventory, collection policies, forecasting, meeting revenue targets, credit card reconciliation, variance reporting, vendor service agreements and month-end processes.
Proactively seek out ways to add revenue andor reduce expenses to enhance Net Operating Income.

Customer Experience  Sales

Implement and maintain Scions customer experience philosophy including but not limited to brand integrity, reputation management, resident events, work order management, turnover, hiring and developing staff with a customer experience mindset.
Accountable for monitoring customer feedback via internal surveys and reputation platforms to develop action plans for promptly improving the resident experience.
Accountable for achieving all unique Key Performance Indicator set for the property.
Support AGM with escalated resident concerns and assist in de-escalating situations when needed.
Accountable for achieving revenue targets such as market rates, gain to lease, concessions, and leasing velocity.

The responsibilities listed above may not be all inclusive.
What We Require

Exceptional written and verbal communicator
Time Management
Conflict Management
Vendor management
Confidentiality
Customer-centric mindset
3 years experience managing living communities and a team of 3
Proficient in Property Management Systems (Entrata preferred)

Relevant Systems and Platforms

 Vena (Budgeting tool)
Entrata (Property Management System)
Greenhouse (Applicant Tracking System)
Lattice (Performance Management System)
Turnable (Electronic Turn board)
ADP (Staff schedule and payroll system)
Qualtrics (Employee and Resident Experience platform)
Microsoft Office
Ops Technology
ClickUp (Project Management Tool)
Scion Intelligence

Operational Details

Job location is at the assigned property. May be required to travel periodically.
Working hours consist of daytime business hours, requiring non-traditional hours during peak times, emergencies and inclement weather.

The Scion Group LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, national origin, color, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability (as long as the employeeapplicant is otherwise qualified for the job with or without a reasonable accommodation), genetic information, HIVAIDS status, marital status, uniformed service, veteran status, pregnancy or other legally protected status or category under federal or state law. The Scion Group LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in all locations in which the Company has properties. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leaves of absence, compensation, training and other terms and conditions of employment. The Scion Group LLC is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunities.
IND2 wearehiring werehiring 