Want to learn more about The Scion Group? Check out our website.
Were hiring immediately!
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.Investors. Owners. Operators. Advisors. Experts.
The Scion Group is the largest owneroperator of off-campus student housing communities globally. Scions current portfolio consists of nearly 83,000 beds of student accommodations in 127 communities, serving 78 college and university markets across 34 U.S. states. Scion employs over 1,750 team members and has approximately 9 billion of assets under management. Scion also acts as an independent advisor to colleges and universities, foundations, and private-sector providers, with experience in more than 250 campus markets.
Join our Talent Community. 
Interested in joining our corporate team, but do not see an open role that aligns with your career goals? Submit your resume and provide us with some details regarding your experience and interests so that we can reach out to you when an opportunity becomes available. You can always visit our Careers page to explore our current open positions.
Equal Employment Opportunities.
The Scion Group LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, national origin, color, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability (as long as the employeeapplicant is otherwise qualified for the job with or without a reasonable accommodation), genetic information, HIVAIDS status, marital status, uniformed service, veteran status, pregnancy or other legally protected status or category under federal or state law. The Scion Group LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in all locations in which the Company has properties. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leaves of absence, compensation, training and other terms and conditions of employment. The Scion Group LLC is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunities.