Want to learn more about The Scion Group? Check out our website.
Were hiring immediately!
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.Your Opportunity
Scion is paving a path in student living and the Customer Experience Manager is vital in delivering exceptional customer service at our larger communities. The CXM will support revenue and sales goals by implementing customer experience initiatives and fostering a customer-centric culture, while identifying opportunities to grow relationships. This role demands exceptional interpersonal skills and an all-in work ethic.
Your Benefits

FLSA Status Exempt
Discretionary annual bonus
Paid Time Off
Health Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
401k Matching
Paid Maternal Leave
Parental Leave
Learning reimbursement opportunities

Your Responsibilities
Staff Development and Leadership

Provide leadership and coaching for Experience Team Member staff performance and foster a positive and productive team environment.
Assist the General Manager with ensuring all onsite staff are trained and compliant with Fair Housing, safety and company policies.

Property Administration

Assist with planning and executing successful annual Turnover processes.
Assist with move-in and move-out processes.

Facilities  Capital

Regularly inspect and report on property curb appeal and overall appearance of building exterior, common areas, amenities, and apartments.
Coordinate work orders with appropriate staff to ensure requests are being met on time, necessary communication is sent to residents and customer satisfaction remains high.
Keep a consistent pulse on resident feedback regarding facilities and maintenance needs.

Annual Turnover Process

Partner with General Manager, Assistant General Manager and Facilities Supervisor in the planning and execution of annual Turnover processes.

Customer Experience  Sales

Assist with all customer sales interactions, both personally and through directing team members in alignment with company standards.
Utilize KPIs to report on trends, insights and proactively address issues.
Provide expert direction on sales and revenue goals and lead the team to achieve them.
Utilize KPIs to report on trends, insights and proactively address issues.
Perform weekly market surveys to Identify and recommend local marketing opportunities, appropriate marketing messages and material to drive traffic to the property.
Oversee all on-campus and in-person marketing events.
Execute social media and communication strategies on various platforms to engage customers.

Financial Performance

Manage promotional material and property incentives meeting marketing and concession budget.

The responsibilities listed above are not all inclusive.
Qualifications

College graduate preferred, with a minimum of two years of customer service, sales andor community management experience, or an equivalent combination.
Ability and willingness to work up to six days per week for necessary level of management coverage.
Values and fosters a sensitive and supportive approach to a diverse working and living environment.
Commitment to excellence and high standards, with acute attention to detail.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Proficient in Microsoft Office and Property Management Systems.
Works well with all levels of management.
Strong organizational, problem-solving, and analytical skills.
Handles multiple, complex projects, with minimal guidance, prioritizes effectively, and meets deadlines.
Works well independently and as a member of various teams.

What We Require

Customer-centric mindset
Exceptional written and verbal communicator
Brand awareness
Marketing and leasing
Keen organization and prioritization skills
1 years experience working in customer service

Relevant Systems and Platforms

 Entrata (Property Management System)
Greenhouse (Applicant Tracking System)
Lattice (Performance Management System)
Turnable (Electronic Turn board)
Microsoft Office
Social Media Platforms (Instagram, Tik Tok, Facebook)

Operational Details

Job location is at the assigned property.
Working hours consist of daytime business hours and up to six days per week during peak times.

The Scion Group LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, national origin, color, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability (as long as the employeeapplicant is otherwise qualified for the job with or without a reasonable accommodation), genetic information, HIVAIDS status, marital status, uniformed service, veteran status, pregnancy or other legally protected status or category under federal or state law. The Scion Group LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in all locations in which the Company has properties. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leaves of absence, compensation, training and other terms and conditions of employment. The Scion Group LLC is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunities.
IND2 wearehiring werehiring 