Want to learn more about The Scion Group? Check out our website.
Were hiring immediately!
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.Your Opportunity
Scion is paving a path in student living and the Assistant General Manager is an instrumental team member in the execution of our vision. This position will assist the General Manager with the supervision of all business functions related to operations.          
The Assistant General Manager has a bias for action and is eager to learn and grow their career in a fast-paced, agile, collegiate environment. This role demands a customer-centric mindset, adaptability, attention to detail and excellent prioritization skills. Must be prepared to act as General Manager in their absence.
Your Benefits

FLSA Status Exempt
Discretionary annual bonus
Paid Time Off
Floating Holiday
Health Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
401k Matching
Paid Parental Leave
Learning reimbursement opportunities

Your Responsibilities
Staff Development and Leadership

Assist with attracting candidates both on and off campus, hiring new team members and improving employee retention.
Assist the General Manager with the training, coaching, development and leadership of exceptional team members.
Manage the development of and adherence to the property onsite schedule, including after hour on-call shifts.
Partner with GM to elevate employee experience through data, conversations and team building to ensure high morale.

Property Administration

Prepare, respond and advise on all community aspects including market, physical condition, policies, procedures and onsite emergencies with partner departments.
Deliver legal and resident notices and files evictions in compliance with current policy and local ordinances.
Manage all resident accounts and utility billing, coordinate accounts receivables, and maintain regular auditing and documenting.

Facilities  Capital

Responsible for a safe and sanitary community experience for employees, residents and guests by overseeing curb appeal, common areas and preventative maintenance.
Assist with upholding The Scion Standard by conducting monthly property walks and completing scorecard assessments around inspections.
Regularly inspect grounds, interior and resident amenities  general common areas to ensure that the facilities comply with all codes and company standards.
Coordinate work orders with appropriate staff or vendors to ensure requests are being met on time, necessary communication is sent to residents and customer satisfaction remains high.

Annual Turnover Process

Assist the General Manager and Facilities Supervisor with the planning and execution of annual turnover process to ensure all team members and vendors have clear goals and expectations to meet deadlines.
Assist with property staffing to ensure property has adequate support for the preparation and execution of annual turnover.
Utilize Turnable to track electronic turnover board to ensure adequate progress is being made and deadlines are being met.
Assess damage at move-out to calculate required charges and prepare final billing or process refunds. Track, respond and process any damage charge disputes.
Ensures move-in, room assignment, transfer and move-out processes are executed efficiently and successfully.
Assist the General Manager with conducting move-out inspections and vendor service walks to ensure units are ready for move-in dates.
Provide hands-on help throughout all turn related tasks, including but not limited to moving furniture and appliances, assisting facilities team with punches, organizing high volume of resident trash and cleaning turnover units.

Financial Performance

Assist in the preparation of Month End reports, reconcile, and balance all accounts receivable.
Enforce and comply with all Scion late fees, Non-Sufficient Funds (NSF) fees and collection policies, keeping delinquency below 2 by month end.
Post and collect damage charges from quarterly inspections.

Customer Experience  Sales

Manage all customer sales interactions, both personally and through directing team members in alignment with company standards.
Perform weekly market surveys to Identify and recommend local marketing opportunities, appropriate marketing messages and material to drive traffic to the property.
Manage the successful execution of customer experience initiatives, engagement initiatives and additional marketing opportunities.
Manage promotional material and property incentives meeting marketing and concession budget.
Provide expert direction on sales and revenue goals by partnering with the Centralized Sales Team and lead other team members to achieve them.
Manage all escalated resident concerns and account matters in a timely manner including responding to Google and Yelp reviews and addressing resident concerns.
Analyzing customer experience data to and identifying common detractors and promoters to make informed decisions.
Responsible for monitoring customer feedback via internal surveys and reputation platforms to develop action plans for promptly improving the resident experience.

The responsibilities listed above may not be all inclusive.
What We Require

Exceptional written and verbal communicator
Strong detail orientation
Customer-centric mindset
1 years experience working at living communitiesproperty management
Proficient in Property Management Systems (Entrata preferred)

Relevant Systems and Platforms

 Entrata (Property Management System)
Greenhouse (Applicant Tracking System)
Lattice (Performance Management System)
Turnable (Electronic Turn board)
Qualtrics (Employee and Resident Experience platform)
Microsoft Office
Ops Technology
ClickUp (Project Management Tool)
Scion Intelligence

Operational Details

Job location is at the assigned property. May be required to travel periodically.
Working hours consist of daytime business hours, requiring additional non-traditional hours during peak times, emergencies and inclement weather.







Who is Scion?
At The Scion Group, were changing what student housing means. Its bigger than beds and buildings. Its about providing unique experiences and creating communities — both on and off campus — that feel less like a place and more like a home. As one of North Americas leading owners, operators and advisors of student housing, we are defining the future of student living.
Taking the student housing industry by storm starts by surrounding yourself with the right people. We want trail blazers and risk takers. Go-getters and game changers. We want dreamers and doers. From operations to accounting, advisory to finance, were building a team to help us take student living to the next level.
At Scion, we dont just lead the way, we Make Way. How do we do it? We know were far from perfect and were relentless in finding ways to better ourselves. Youll come to find out that Make Way is a call to action to pave your own path and to lead, not follow. Its what sets Scion apart and secures our spot as one of the fastest growing, industry-leading companies.

 
The Scion Group LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, national origin, color, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability (as long as the employeeapplicant is otherwise qualified for the job with or without a reasonable accommodation), genetic information, HIVAIDS status, marital status, uniformed service, veteran status, pregnancy or other legally protected status or category under federal or state law. The Scion Group LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in all locations in which the Company has properties. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leaves of absence, compensation, training and other terms and conditions of employment. The Scion Group LLC is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunities.
 
 
IND2




