Want to learn more about The Scion Group? Check out our website.
Were hiring immediately!
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.This opportunity will be in-person at our Chicago Headquarters.
Your Opportunity
The Scion Group seeks an Instructional Designer who will partner with departments to organize, consolidate, identify gaps, create policies and procedures and training content. This position is responsible for identifying training needs based on skills gap analyses and developing educational and training material for new and existing employees.                                                   
In this currently evolving role, the Instructional Designer excels in a high-volume, agile, corporate environment. The best candidate is highly organized, particularly good at communicating clearly and concisely, and has excellent project management skills.
Your Responsibilities

Consult with subject matter experts (SMEs) to assess training content gaps and lead the development of the necessary materials.
Author training material development standards, processes, and templates to produce consistent, quality instructional materials.
Design, develop, author, narrate, record, edit, and implement physical training content and e-learning content including handouts, checklists, manuals, testsquizzes, presentations, scripts, video, audio, etc.
Help create and maintain training content in a library of reusable assets such as pictures, video, and templates.
Produce and edit engaging training content through web-based, instructor-led, and virtual classroom learning formats.
Use development software and tools to create and edit course content, graphics, photos, and other supporting materials.
Proof-read and edit content for proper use of grammar, punctuation, style, and brand guidelines.
Review and test content for accuracy and usability.
Review and evaluate training materials and programs as part of our continuous improvement quality program.
Work with Operations leadership and stakeholders to implement learning solutions.
Research new strategies and provide recommendations for the most effective learning materials.

The responsibilities listed above may not be all inclusive.
What We Require

Bachelors degree in related field and minimum of 5 years professional experience in a training function
3 years experience with administration of Learning Management Systems
Experience utilizing content development software; Articulate 360 strongly preferred
Knowledge of adult learning principles and techniques and experience coaching and developing others
Proven success listening to, interpreting, and meeting the needs of others; diagnosing and rectifying problems
Excellent communication and collaboration skills
Ability to write formal business documents, in a consistent and professional manner with proper grammar and spelling
Proficient in standard computer software  Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.
Perform other relevant duties and special projects, as assigned
Ability to travel by airplane or car up to 10  20; Must have a valid U.S. drivers license

This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities required of the employee and is subject to change based on business needs.
Your Benefits

Discretionary annual bonus
Paid Time Off
Health Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
401k Matching
Paid Maternal Leave
Parental Leave
Learning reimbursement opportunities

The Scion Group LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, national origin, color, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability (as long as the employeeapplicant is otherwise qualified for the job with or without a reasonable accommodation), genetic information, HIVAIDS status, marital status, uniformed service, veteran status, pregnancy or other legally protected status or category under federal or state law. The Scion Group LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in all locations in which the Company has properties. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leaves of absence, compensation, training and other terms and conditions of employment. The Scion Group LLC is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunities.
IND-B