Want to learn more about The Scion Group? Check out our website.
Were hiring immediately!
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.Your Opportunity
Scion is paving a path in student living and the Facilities Technician is an integral part in the execution of our vision. This position responds to maintenance and repair service requests, carries out preventive maintenance tasks, prepares apartments for turnovers, and stays on top of requesting required supplies in a timely matter. The Facilities Technician ensures safety and functionality of the propertys buildings and equipment and ensures optimal service is provided to our customers.
The Facilities Technician is a solution-oriented professional who excels in a fast-paced, agile, collegiate environment. This role demands superior customer service and unwavering follow through.
Your Benefits

FLSA Status Non-Exempt
Discretionary annual bonus
Paid Time Off
Health Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
401k Matching
Paid Maternal Leave
Parental Leave
Learning reimbursement opportunities

Your Responsibilities

Demonstrate proficiency in Entrata and CMMS systems for logging of service requests and completed work in a timely matter.
Maintain the physical condition of the property according to The Scion Groups Standard Operating Procedures, OSHA and Industry standards.
Perform physically demanding work to maintain the asset, and other property features to minimize liability concerns.
Execute maintenance objectives and daily assignments with the Facilities Supervisor.
Diagnose and perform minor and routine maintenancerepair in a timely and professional manner.
Assure all service requests are completed daily.
Document work performed and parts used; and submit daily upon completion, including legible notes on what was done, the supplies used, further follow-up and materials needed, date and signature of completion.
Promote good public relations with residents, service staff, contractors, and management through great people attitude and resident trust.
Inspect vacated apartments and records necessary repairs and maintenance, informing the Facilities Supervisor of needed services and repairs.
Routinely perform duties including basic appliance repair, general carpentry, plumbingfixture repair, painting, and basic electric  lighting to make apartments ready on a timely basis, and ensure meeting completion dates set by the General ManagerProperty Manager.
Routinely inspect interior common areas and the exterior of the property, ensuring daily upkeep of all common areas with company standards, and all the light fixtures are in working order.
Complete preventive maintenance tasks on all equipment and operating systems to ensure warranty compliance and extended useful life, inspecting units and common areas for fire extinguishers, smoke alarms, CO2 alarms, filter changes, active utilities, and any work needed.
Clean coils and condensers, lubricate equipment, maintain air filters and perform minor repair work as assigned.
Perform routine clean up at repair location or in maintenance shop, keeping working area clean and safe.
Maintain parts and supplies inventory, as authorized. Cleans and organizes the workshop, storerooms, boiler rooms, and utility rooms.
Unlock apartment doors and accompaniesescorts various vendors as needed.
Keep drainage grills on grounds clear of leaves.
Clean pools; adjust and maintain chemicals to proper levels, if needed.
Pressure wash sidewalks, buildings, pool decks etc.
Assist in snow removal at property, as required.
Set up and take down tables, chairs, etc. for tenant functions.
Assume responsibility for after-hours emergencies at the direction of the supervisor.
Maintain required property uniform and present a professional appearance and attitude.
Undertake training related to job duties as deemed necessary.

The responsibilities listed above may not be all-inclusive.
What We Require

High schoolGED or trade school diploma and a minimum of 1-3 years of full-time general maintenance experience, or an equivalent combination
EPA 608 Type I certification
Certified Pool Operator (CPO), or intention to obtain within six months
Clear and effective communication skills
Knowledge of key management and security systems
Knowledge of safety procedures with a safety conscious attitude, record of punctuality and dependability, ability to work with pressure of aggressive deadlines, and flexible schedule to accommodate after-hours and weekend emergencies
Valid drivers license
Demonstrated ability to access computer programs and use or learn basic computer operations related to position requirements (ie. Entrata, CMMS, Building Automation system  Digital Control System)
Ability and willingness to travel when required
Ability to stand 8 hours or longer per day and lift up to 100 lbs. as necessary

Operational Details

Job location is at the assigned property. May be required to travel periodically.
Serves in an on-call capacity, except during approved PTO periods.

The Scion Group LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, national origin, color, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability (as long as the employeeapplicant is otherwise qualified for the job with or without a reasonable accommodation), genetic information, HIVAIDS status, marital status, uniformed service, veteran status, pregnancy or other legally protected status or category under federal or state law. The Scion Group LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in all locations in which the Company has properties. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leaves of absence, compensation, training and other terms and conditions of employment. The Scion Group LLC is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunities.
IND4