Want to learn more about The Scion Group? Check out our website.
Were hiring immediately!
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.Your Opportunity
We strive to create an extraordinary living and learning environment through our passion for customer experience and strong partnerships in our communities.
The Housekeeper provides a customer-centric focus to maintain general cleanliness and upkeep of common area facilities including but not limited to, the pool and spa, club room, public rest rooms, and laundry rooms. The Housekeeper may also assist others with the general maintenance needs of the property, cleaning and moving services on an as-needed basis, always with a focus on professional services for residents.
Your Benefits

FLSA Status Non-Exempt
Discretionary annual bonus
Paid Time Off
Health Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
401k Matching
Paid Maternal Leave
Parental Leave
Learning reimbursement opportunities

Your Responsibilities

Maintain the physical condition of the property according to The Scion Groups Standard Operating Procedures, OSHA and Industry standards. Performs physically demanding work to maintain the asset, and other property features to minimize liability concerns.
Perform routine housekeeping activities such as sweeping, mopping, dusting and polishing as directed.
Sweep and remove debris from the curbs, parking areas, walkways and stairways as scheduled.
Deal with requests with professionalism and patience.
Notify superiors on any damages, deficits and disturbances.
Promote safety awareness to limit property loss and damage or injury to residents and visitors to the property.
Adhere to all rules regarding health and safety, as well as property policies and procedures.
Use appropriate tools and equipment.
Undertake training related to job duties as deemed necessary.
Maintain required property uniform and present a professional appearance and attitude.

The responsibilities listed above may not be all inclusive; however, they are indicative of the type of activities normally performed by the Housekeeper.
What We Require

High schoolGED or trade school diploma and one year of full-time experience in some aspect of cleaninghousekeeping, or an equivalent combination of education and experience
Efficient in reading instructions and documenting labor and materials
Record of punctuality and dependability, ability to work with under pressure of deadlines and schedule flexibility to accommodate after-hours and weekend emergencies
Possession of a valid drivers license
Ability to stand 8 hours or longer per day and lift up to 100 lbs. as necessary

Operational Details

Job location is at the assigned property.
Serves in an on-call capacity, except during approved PTO periods.

 
The Scion Group LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, national origin, color, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability (as long as the employeeapplicant is otherwise qualified for the job with or without a reasonable accommodation), genetic information, HIVAIDS status, marital status, uniformed service, veteran status, pregnancy or other legally protected status or category under federal or state law. The Scion Group LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in all locations in which the Company has properties. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leaves of absence, compensation, training and other terms and conditions of employment. The Scion Group LLC is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunities.
 
IND2 wearehiring werehiring 