Want to learn more about The Scion Group? Check out our website.
Were hiring immediately!
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.Your Opportunity
The Scion Group is in search of a Vice President, Capital Planning who will manage due diligence, pre-disposition support, and ongoing capital needs assessments across Scions portfolio of student housing communities. This position is accountable for a team delivering best in class vendor relationship management and capital spending plans efficiently targeted to maximizing value.   
Your Benefits

Discretionary annual bonus
Paid Time Off
Health Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
401k Matching
Paid Maternal Leave
Parental Leave
Learning reimbursement opportunities

Your Responsibilities: 
Leadership 

Provides leadership, development, and ongoing administration of the Capital team.   
Creates and maintains appropriate training and development to establish career paths in collaboration with other applicable departments.  
Ensures that all capital spending plans are successfully executed and communicated while maintaining compliance with reporting and governance expectations.  
Ensures that our organization maintains a climate that attracts, retains, and motivates top quality personnel in the field of capital planning, project management, and execution.  

Capital 
Capital Projects Planning 

Develops and manages a long-term capital projects program including maintaining the 10 year capital plan by property. 
Leads the coordination and execution of the annual capital project budget process, collecting and analyzing data to support the annual budget presented for ownerpartner approval. This includes project scheduling, planning, and cost estimation. 
Develops, implements, and monitors the effectiveness of capital projects. Partner with Operations to preserve the asset utilizing smart capital spending to maximize revenue, control expenses, and improve resident satisfaction. 
Provides knowledge and guidance to the operations team to ensure capital spending needs are appropriately, assessed, planned for and budgeted for throughout the portfolio.  
Ensures all assessments of capital needs by the Capital team, Operations and third-party vendors are reviewed and prioritized in order to mitigate risks across portfolio in accordance with the organizational goals. 
Assists property management and on-site personnel with the implementation of various capital programs including but not limited to providing training, demand side energy conservation support, workflow direction, and vendor management. 
Assures compliance with all management agreements on bidding requirements, scopes of work, and approvals. 
Assures adherence to OSHA standards, federal, state and local laws, and applicable company policies and procedures. 

Capital Project Management 

Ensures that projects are completed on time and stay within budget. 
Provides technical expertise and develops scopes of work, value engineered solutions, budgets, approvals and close out information for capital projects. 
Provides overall quality control.  Facilitates and conducts annual inspections and assessments to identify conditions, needs and budget expectations 
Communicates monthly updates on project status, budget versus actual review and expected completion dates. 
Ensures all warranty information accurately reflects capital items and projects. 
Ensures capital projects data is populated into company software and develops benchmarking standards for existing capital projects. 
Directs project management activities and support Operations Teams across planned capital projects to ensure capital spending plans are successfully executed and, where applicable, mandated or contractual deadlines and budgets are met.  
Ensures organizational compliance with governance expectations regarding bidding and contracting process. 
Manages and directs third-party consultants performing Facility Condition Assessments (FCA) for current portfolio in support of annual capital planning process.  
Ensures organizational compliance with reporting expectations for capex and other related protocols. 

Transactional 
Due Diligence Support  

Directs the SOW for third-party consultants performing PCA and Environmental Site Assessments (ESA) for new property acquisitions and recapitalizations.  
Reviews third party inspection reports that summarize the building component analysis including the physical site, structural systems, faade, room, mechanical systems, electrical systems, general construction, ADAFHAA requirements compliance, and ESA, including radon testing and provide feedback and guidance to both the consultants and deals team. 
Provides feedback and guidance to both the consultants and deal teams regarding findings and concerns of the aforementioned reports with the goal of ensuring no deal is acquired without a proper understanding and capital plan for all known and potential risks.  
Provides ongoing feedback and guidance to consultants throughout the transactional period as it relates to their feedback and reporting to ensure final reports support institutional goals. 

Pre-Disposition Support  

Provides technical support for property dispositions in the form of pre-marketing property inspections, review all third-party reports, and provide technical guidance to executive management regarding prospective buyers due diligence.  

The responsibilities listed above are not all inclusive. 
Key Characteristics  

Leader  Mentor: subject-matter expert with the knowledge and technical expertise to inspire team respect, while also providing guidance and constructive challenges to enhance the teams approaches. 
Exceptional communicator: strategically able to curate the message to the appropriate audience. 
Analytical  Strategic Thinker: structures the team in a way to effectively produce reporting. 


Organized: Impeccable planner  prioritizes structure. 

Qualifications 

College graduate with a construction background is preferred. Education in engineering or Architecture is a plus. 
10-15 years of previous construction, project management, and supervisory experience. 
Demonstrated knowledge working with both vertical and horizontal buildings. 
Strong organizational, problem-solving, and analytical skills.
Based in Chicago, IL and is willing and able to travel up to 40 in a year. 
Flexible, thrives in a fast-paced environment, and is comfortable with quickly re-prioritizing.
Values and fosters a sensitive and supportive approach to a diverse working and living environment. 
Committed to excellence and high standards.  

The Scion Group LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, national origin, color, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability (as long as the employeeapplicant is otherwise qualified for the job with or without a reasonable accommodation), genetic information, HIVAIDS status, marital status, uniformed service, veteran status, pregnancy or other legally protected status or category under federal or state law. The Scion Group LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in all locations in which the Company has properties. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leaves of absence, compensation, training and other terms and conditions of employment. The Scion Group LLC is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunities.
IND-B  wearehiring werehiring 
 