Want to learn more about The Scion Group? Check out our website.
Were hiring immediately!
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.Your Opportunity
We strive to create an extraordinary living and learning environment through our passion for customer experience and strong partnerships in our communities. The Shuttle Driver provides a customer-centric focus to transportation services for an assigned property, including safely driving passengers while following a set schedule and route.
Your Benefits

FLSA Status Exempt
Discretionary annual bonus
Paid Time Off
Health Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
401k Matching
Paid Maternal Leave
Parental Leave
Learning reimbursement opportunities

Your Responsibilities

Create an environment of safety for our residents and passengers.
Drive passengers to and from the local University while following a set schedule and route.
Inspect the shuttle(s) daily and records necessary repairs and maintenance, informing the General Manager of needed services and repairs.
Follow all traffic laws and posted speed limits, even at the expense of arriving late to a destination.
Report any unsafe conditions or road hazards to the General Manager.
Maintain a ridership log throughout each shift.
Clean and organize the shuttle.
Take shuttle to get washed and gets the required repairs completed.
Maintain parts and supplies inventory, as authorized.
Assist in snow removal at property, as required.
Maintain required property uniform and presents a professional appearance and attitude.
Undertake training related to job duties as deemed necessary.

The responsibilities listed above may not be all inclusive; however, they are indicative of the type of activities normally performed by the Shuttle Driver.
What We Require

High school diplomaGED
Possession of a valid drivers license and safe driving record—depending on the size of the shuttle bus, drivers may require a commercial license with a passenger endorsement
Ability to sit and operate a motor vehicle for several hours at a time
Knowledge of safety procedures with a safety conscious attitude, record of punctuality and dependability, and flexible schedule to accommodate after hour and weekend needs

Operational Details

Job location is at the assigned property.
Serves in an on-call capacity, except during approved PTO periods.

 
The Scion Group LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, national origin, color, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability (as long as the employeeapplicant is otherwise qualified for the job with or without a reasonable accommodation), genetic information, HIVAIDS status, marital status, uniformed service, veteran status, pregnancy or other legally protected status or category under federal or state law. The Scion Group LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in all locations in which the Company has properties. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leaves of absence, compensation, training and other terms and conditions of employment. The Scion Group LLC is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunities.
IND5 wearehiring werehiring