Want to learn more about The Scion Group? Check out our website.
Were hiring immediately!
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.Your Opportunity
Scion is paving a path in student living and the Facilities Technician II is an integral part in the execution of our vision. This position responds to maintenance and repair service requests, carries out preventive maintenance tasks, prepares apartments for turnovers, and stays on top of requesting required supplies in a timely matter. The Facilities Technician II ensures safety and functionality of the propertys buildings and equipment and ensures optimal service is provided to our customers.
The Facilities Technician II is an experienced technician who excels in a fast-paced, agile, collegiate environment. This role demands superior problem solving, technical abilities and unwavering follow through.
Your Benefits

FLSA Status Non-Exempt
Discretionary annual bonus
Paid Time Off
Health Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
401k Matching
Paid Maternal Leave
Parental Leave
Learning reimbursement opportunities

Your Responsibilities

Demonstrate proficiency in Building Automation Systems (BAS), Entrata and CMMS systems for timely logging of service requests and completed work.
Maintain the physical condition of the property according to The Scion Groups Standard Operating Procedures, OSHA and Industrys standards.
Perform physically demanding work to maintain the asset, and other property features to minimize liability concerns.
Assume responsibility (as required) over operating, system monitoringdiagnostics, and preventative testing for major building systems such as: chilled water systems with fan coil units, air handling units with outside condensers including roof top units (RTU), building stationary boilers, hot-  cold-water distribution systems (plumbing, pressurepneumaticstorage tanks, variable frequency drive (and pumps  motors), domestic hot water heaters, building automation systems (BAS), electrical distribution systems, switchgears and controls, generators, uninterrupted power supply (UPS), elevators and lifts, parking structures (ventilationdrainage systems, T-Joints), entrance  exit gates and overhead doors, shingledtarred roof, TPO membrane roofing system, EIFS, brick, vinyl,  cementitious sideboard, ACP, curtain walls, and insulated glass units (IGUs).
Operate system monitoringdiagnostics, preventative testing for life safety systems such as: fire pumps, fire alarm monitoring panels, drywet sprinkler systems, visual and audible alarms, back flow preventers, smoke detectors, CO2 sensorsalarms, fire extinguishers, emergency lighting, means of egress, and fire dampers.
Assist in creating emergency and disaster preparedness plans and protocols.
Maintain key management protocols and security, unlocking apartment doors and accompanyescort various vendors as needed.
Coordinate delivery and work schedules with vendors, contractors as approved by the Facilities Supervisor.
Coordinate maintenance objectives and daily assignments with the Supervisor.
Diagnose and perform routine maintenancerepair in a timely and professional manner.
Assure all service requests are completed daily.
Document work performed and parts used; and submit daily upon completion, including legible notes on what was done, the supplies used, further follow-up and materials needed, date and signature of completion.
Promote good public relations with residents, service staff, contractors, and management through great people attitude and resident trust.
Inspect vacated apartments and record necessary repairs and maintenance, informing the Facilities Supervisor of needed services and repairs.
Routinely perform duties including basic appliance repair, general carpentry, plumbingfixture repair, painting, and basic electric  lighting to make apartments ready on a timely basis, and ensure meeting completion dates set by the General ManagerProperty Manager.
Routinely inspect interior common areas and the exterior of the property, ensuring daily upkeep of all common areas with company standards, and all the light fixtures are in working order.
Complete preventive maintenance tasks on all equipment and operating systems to ensure warranty compliance and extended useful life.
Clean coils and condensers, lubricate equipment, maintain air filters and perform minor repair work as assigned.
Perform routine clean up at repair location or in maintenance shop, keeping working area clean and safe. 
Maintain parts and supply inventory, as authorized.
Clean and organize the workshops, storerooms, boiler rooms, and utility rooms.
Clean pools; adjust and maintain chemicals to proper levels, if needed.
Pressure-wash sidewalks, buildings, pool decks, etc.
Assist in snow removal at property, as required.
Assume responsibility for after-hours emergencies at the direction of the company supervisormanager.
Undertake training related to job duties as deemed necessary.

The responsibilities listed above may not be all-inclusive.
 What We Require

High schoolGED or trade school diploma and with minimum of 3-5 years of full-time general maintenance experience, or an equivalent combination
HVAC certificationEPA 608 certification (Core, Type I, II  III)
Certified Pool Operator (CPO), or intention to obtain within six months
Clear and effective communication skills
Knowledge of key management and security systems
Knowledge of safety procedures with a safety conscious attitude, record of punctuality and dependability, ability to work with pressure of aggressive deadlines, and flexible schedule to accommodate after-hours and weekend emergencies
Valid drivers license
Demonstrated ability to access computer programs and use or learn basic computer operations related to position requirements (ie. Entrata, CMMS, Building Automation system  Digital Control System)
Ability and willingness to travel when required
Ability to stand 8 hours or longer per day and lift up to 100 lbs. as necessary

Operational Details

Job location is at the assigned property. May be required to travel periodically.
Serves in an on-call capacity, except during approved PTO periods.

 The Scion Group LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, national origin, color, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability (as long as the employeeapplicant is otherwise qualified for the job with or without a reasonable accommodation), genetic information, HIVAIDS status, marital status, uniformed service, veteran status, pregnancy or other legally protected status or category under federal or state law. The Scion Group LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in all locations in which the Company has properties. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leaves of absence, compensation, training and other terms and conditions of employment. The Scion Group LLC is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunities.
IND3 wearehiring werehiring 