About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.Meet the team:
As member of the Perception capture team, you will directly contribute to the production of training data that is a key feature to train the machine learning algorithm that power the
autonomous driving capability of the trucks. The main goal of our team is providing quality data to sensing and understanding (Data science and ML Ops) to train their model. You will work closely with various departments and teams from sensors, calibration, and software to test the software and hardware integration of new sensors on the trucks and review integrity of the
collected data. In parallel you will work closely with Data Science and ML Ops teams to make sure the data that is collected follows their requirement.
What youll do:
The student project consists in helping and improving the review process of the artifact.
generated after each capture session to evaluate the quality of the data (camera, lidar, IMU  GPS). The student will also collaborate with the engineer in the evaluation of the problem when artifact presents a degradation of the captured data. This last technical part will give the student the opportunity to familiarize himself with the artifact generation code while using python and AWS tools.
 

Review sensors data and evaluate
Writing concise report that resume your
Write python code to help diagnose issue when they
Write python code to improve review

What youll need to Succeed:

Study in progress in Computer or Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or relative field
Basic knowledge of sensors on ADAS system, camera, lidar, radar, IMU, and
Minimal experience with Python
Familiar with git
Ease to work with Linux (remote connection)
Coordination and communication skills in technical matters
Sense of resourcefulness

Bonus Points:

Robot operating systems (ROS)
AWS (awsrangler, boto3)
C

Additional Details:

Start Date: 15 January 2024
Role Timeline: 2 quarters
Location(s): Montreal (Qc), Canada
At Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.