About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.Meet the Team:
The Director of the Vehicle Intent Engineering Department is responsible for leading a team of engineering managers and their teams and responsible for the behaviors and planning and predictions of our class 8 autonomous trucks. This role works closely with principal engineers to develop and execute the technical plan, while collaborating with the Technical Product Management group to prioritize and schedule engineering projects.
What Youll Do:

Provide strategic direction and leadership to the engineering managers and their teams in the development and execution of autonomous truck behaviors, path planning, and prediction of other road users. 
Seamlessly integrate classical algorithms and cutting-edge machine learning techniques to develop robust, safe behaviors for autonomous trucking 
Drive engineering excellence by ensuring critical processes are implemented for the delivery of a safety critical system. 
Collaborate with principal engineers to establish and maintain a robust technical plan for the autonomous trucking group, ensuring alignment with overall business objectives.  Work closely with the Technical Product Management group to understand priorities and translate them into actionable engineering plans.
Manage and allocate resources effectively to meet project goals and timelines, while ensuring optimal utilization of talent within the engineering group and foster a culture of innovation, collaboration, and continuous improvement 
Establish and maintain strong relationships with cross-functional teams, including Product Management, Research  Development, and Operations, to ensure seamless integration and successful delivery of autonomous trucking solutions. 
Stay abreast of industry trends, emerging technologies, and regulatory requirements relevant to autonomous trucking, and proactively incorporate them into the groups strategic plans. 
Drive the recruitment, onboarding, and professional development of engineering talent, fostering a high-performance culture. 

People Management

Manage a team of engineering managers ensuring priorities are clear for the team and work is distributed appropriately within the team.
Maintain a culture of excellence through guidance, mentorship, and career development. Foster a collaborative team environment that celebrates team and individual wins.
In partnership with People Operations, supervisory responsibilities include leading continuous team goal setting, career pathing and professional development, tracking competencies, employee team building and training, performance management, work prioritization, resource management and controlling expenses, and reinforces systems, policies, and procedures.
Trains staff, maintains training records, ensures appropriate and continuous training.  Proactive change and conflict management in support of Torcs core values.
Identify future growth plan to support organizational needs and partner with People Operations and Talent Acquisition to lead organizational development; includes recruiting, screening, interviewing, selection, hiring and onboarding processes.  Recommends salary increases, promotions, transfers, demotions, or terminations.   Manages any problems and concerns to closure. 

What Youll Need to Succeed: 

Doctorate Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Systems Engineering or equivalent with 5 years relevant experience OR a Masters Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Systems Engineering, or equivalent with 7 years relevant experience OR Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Systems Engineering, or equivalent with 10 years relevant experience
Master of Business Administration preferred

Experience, Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Experience directing the strategy of a technology industry and collaborating with other strategic partners, internal and external stakeholders.
Extensive experience in leading engineering teams and managing complex projects in the autonomous vehicle industry, preferably with a focus on class 8 trucks.
Strong technical background and understanding of autonomous vehicle systems, including perception, planning, and control.
Proven track record of successfully executing complex engineering projects within tight timelines.
Familiarity with Agile development methodologies and project management tools. 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills verbal and written, with the ability to collaborate effectively with both technical and non-technical stakeholders, effectively create and proofread documents and reports, and communicate to a diverse workforce.
Ability to effectively manage time, prioritize, delegate and handle multiple tasks with a global team in a fast-paced environment.
Strong strategic thinking and problem-solving abilities, with a keen eye for detail. 
Must possess a passion and the ability to develop and grow colleagues to their highest potential.
Passion for innovation and a deep commitment to delivering cutting-edge autonomous trucking solutions. 
Adept in intercultural competences and experienced with an international work environment.
Keen attention to detail to identify problems and processes that dont comply with protocol.
Criticallogical thinking to identify problems and provide solutions to ensure efficiency, safety, and quality.
Strong business insight and judgment, team orientation and collaborative style
Strong time management and organizational skills to plan, develop, coordinate resources, prioritize effectively, and maintain competing demands simultaneously with frequent interruptions and in a fast-paced environment.
Ability to ethically handle sensitive and confidential information with impartiality and professionalism. 

Perks of Being a Full-time Torcr Torc cares about our team members and we strive to provide benefits and resources to support their health, worklife balance, and future. Our culture is collaborative, energetic, and team focused. Torc offers: 

A competitive compensation package that includes a bonus component and stock options 
100 paid medical, dental, and vision premiums for full-time employees  
401K plan with a 6 employer match 
Flexibility in schedule and generous paid vacation (available immediately after start date) 
Company-wide holiday office closures 
ADD and Life Insurance 
Hiring Range for Job Opening US Pay Range226,400—271,700 USDAt Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.