About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.Meet the Team: 
The Safety Assurance Principal Engineer is an experienced safety technical leader responsible for guiding and assessing the safety of Torcs product development and launch readiness. Engineers in this role provide guidance on state-of-the-art safety standards, best practices, research, methods, and techniques in their safety areas of expertise.  They lead the input and assessment of the product and system requirements and the conformance to these requirements. This role will support business partners by providing subject matter expertise to ensure an understanding of safety best practices, standards, and requirements.     
This specific technical leadership position will lead the strategy for functional safety standard conformance and assessment of technical work products. As a safety leader, you will work collaboratively with business partners to provide safety expertise and input to requirements and criteria. This position will be responsible for establishing a functional safety assessment plan as part of the verification and validation processes.  The goal of the independent assessment is to evaluate conformance to the standard, identify safety concerns, and provide guidance on potential solutions and argument construction.  Another important aspect of this role is to contribute to Torcs safety decision-making and safety case development.
The position requires significant safety experience and a background in systems engineering for complex systems of hardware and software components in automotive, robotics, or related fields. As a Principal Engineer, it will be critical to stay up to date and current on technical advancements in safety including test and validation methods and the development of new best practices and standards.  Effective communication and project management are essential components of the role. 
What youll do: 

Lead the development of the strategic plan for the Torc Safety Case including alignment with business partners and managing the delivery of the plan. 
Lead the inventory and analysis of standards and best practices related to Safety Cases and determine applicability and conformance strategy for Torc products. 
Lead the technical review and assessment of Engineering, Operations, and Business plans and work products to conform with state-of-the-art standards and best practices.  
Collaborate with the Product and System Integrity teams to derive safety requirements that uphold conformance to safety standards and best practices plans. 
Provide technical input to the strategy related to safety standards and processes for assessing or auditing conformance to key industry standards such as Functional Safety (ISO 26262), Safety Of The Intended Functionality (ISOPAS 21448), and Road Vehicles  Cybersecurity Engineering (ISO 21434). 
Forecasts and communicates present and future risks and opportunities as standards and best practices evolve. 
Work with internal business partners such as the Systems Integrity team to establish alignment on safety messaging for external advocacy. 
Support research engagements with state and federal regulators, including state DOTs, NHTSA, and FMCSA and other stakeholders on topics related to safety standards. 
Monitor and where appropriate, actively engage in the development of safety standards and industry best practices by participation in industry technical working groups and committees, including SAE, ISO, UL, and the AVSC. 
Communicates safety standards development activity to internal business partners. 

What youll need to Succeed: 

Degree(s) in Mechanical Engineering, Systems Engineering, Robotics, Electrical Engineering, or a related technical field with relevant experience; Ph.D. with 7 years of experience; or M.S. with 10 years of experience or a B.S. with 20 years experience
Safety expert with proven technical and thought leadership and demonstrated programproject delivery. 
Extensive knowledge of safety analysis processes such as HAZOP, FMEA, STPA, and FTA. 
Solid understanding of industry standards and best practices related to autonomous technologies.   
Strong preference for demonstrated experience implementing safety standards, best practices, and processes related to autonomous technologies.   
Strong preference for demonstrated experience assessing or auditing conformance to key industry standards such as Functional Safety (ISO 26262), Safety Of The Intended Functionality (ISOPAS 21448), and Road Vehicles  Cybersecurity Engineering (ISO 21434). 
Systems-level thinking, with underlying engineering competency of the complex physical and software systems used in autonomy technologies. 
Proficient knowledge in the following disciplines:  software engineering, networking, electrical and mechanical systems, system components, and artificial intelligencemachine learning. 
Familiarity with vehicle design and operation, including powertrain controls, vehicle dynamics, and human-machine interfaces. 
Excel in critical thinking to identify problems and problem-solving and analytical thinking to solve complex safety issues. 
Understanding and experience applying safety data and statistical methods to develop criteria and thresholds. 
Experience in software programming languages such as C and Python. 

Bonus Points! 

Relevant professional training and certifications such as Functional Safety Certification, ASPICE Assessor, and Lean Six Sigma preferred

 
Perks of Being a Full-time Torcr
Torc cares about our team members and we strive to provide benefits and resources to support their health, worklife balance, and future. Our culture is collaborative, energetic, and team focused. Torc offers:  

A competitive compensation package that includes a bonus component and stock options
100 paid medical, dental, and vision premiums for full-time employees  
401K plan with a 6 employer match
Flexibility in schedule and generous paid vacation (available immediately after start date)
Company-wide holiday office closures
ADD and Life Insurance 
Hiring Range for Job Opening US Pay Range195,500—234,600 USDAt Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.