About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.Meet the Team: 
This team utilizes engineering, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large heterogenous data sets. They apply experience with vehicles, sensing hardware and autonomous driving systems. Also the team develops robust and transparent cloud-based, primarily serverless, data analysis pipelines that provide continuous feedback to the organization on safety performance. Collaborate with individuals from a variety of disciplines to understand their processes, integrate workflows, and generate analyses that support team level and executive level decision making.
What youll do: 

Proactively research and access internal and external big data sources; perform various levels of exploratory analyses to evaluate internal variable completeness and relevance; investigate, learn and apply tools of new domains; integrate data across disparate domains and data types. 
Develop cloud-based, primarily serverless, workflows to transform raw data; integrate and preprocess data from a variety of domains (sensing, physics, video, meteorological, geospatial, content analysis, etc.).
Work within a variety of database architectures to retrieve and store data.
Apply physicsengineering principals and formulae to appropriately transform and filter raw data; apply knowledge of statistics to characterize uniformity, accuracy, outliers.
Use an iterative method of data pre-processing, interactive visualization, and sharing of intermediate results to solicit early and ongoing guidance and buy-in from a variety of stakeholders.
Identify and select appropriate analyses methods for data ranging in scale from dense to sparse.
Apply statistical principals to manage bias and select appropriate sampling strategies.
Develop models and compares using statistical performance metrics.
Appropriately and transparently down selects factors to enable teams and stakeholders to focus on those that are having the largest impact on performance.
Construct continuous analysis workflows to support day-to-day operations, gateway decision making, and event response.
Use visualization software and interactive output to support others in understanding analyses and decision making.
Translate methods and findings into clear and concise documentation.
Automate text base reporting, where appropriate, for efficiency and to support generation of necessary regulatory artifacts.
Document code, workflows, and persistent data stores to facilitate reference and use by others within the organization.

What youll need to Succeed:

Degree(s) in Engineering, Computer Science, Statistics or a related technical field with relevant experience as specified below: 

M.S. with 0-3 years of experience OR B.S. with 4 years of experience


Demonstrated experience in mechanical engineering, vehicle engineering, engineering mechanics andor physics based applications
Professional experience in vehicle and sensor systems related data engineering, serverless cloud-based data technology, data visualization tooling, and statistical analytics OR a Masters degree incorporating these competencies.
Demonstrable programming competency, particularly in Python and SQL. 
Familiarity with tenets of agile development and delivery, including delivery of visible progress in an ongoing manner to elicit and incorporate discussion and feedback from a variety of stakeholders. 
Experience with CICD methods and use of shared code repositories and review processes. 
Time management skills and the ability to track and prioritize tasks. 
Naturally inquisitive and an excellent strategic problem solver. Able to dissect complex problems, make appropriate tradeoffs, and develop thoughtful recommendations. 
Ability to develop strong working relationships in a distributed work environment. 
Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills to build trust and strong working relationships, effectively create and proofread documents and reports, and communicate to a diverse workforce.
Requires transportation to locations away from the site. Valid US Drivers license with a safe driving record required. May travel occasionally to other sites. May have the opportunity for international travel requiring the ability to obtain a passport and appropriate documents. 
Requires appropriate Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) in areas identified. 
Requires continuous technical education and training with a passion for knowledge in the field of study to maintain the highest level of knowledge, ingenuity, and creative thinking.

Bonus Points! 

Training in systems safety andor transportation industry.
Experience in the autonomous or automotive industry.

 
Perks of Being a Full-time Torcr
Torc cares about our team members and we strive to provide benefits and resources to support their health, worklife balance, and future. Our culture is collaborative, energetic, and team focused. Torc offers:  

A competitive compensation package that includes a bonus component and stock options
100 paid medical, dental, and vision premiums for full-time employees  
401K plan with a 6 employer match
Flexibility in schedule and generous paid vacation (available immediately after start date)
Company-wide holiday office closures
ADD and Life Insurance 
Hiring Range for Job Opening US Pay Range126,100—151,300 USDAt Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.