About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.Meet the Team: 
The department for Virtual Validation focuses on virtual testing to support the development and release of a L4 autonomous truck. The department owns Torcs simulation toolchains and methods for verification and validation in simulation.  
The team Sensor Simulation and Recompute focuses on sensor simulation tooling, log replay and virtual sensor data sets to support perception development as well as verification and validation.  
The key work areas of the team are: 

Develop, design, test, implement, document and maintain sensor and perception simulation and recompute technologies. Advance the perception sensor simulation environment with modern augmentation and ML methods to overcome the domain gap between real world data and synthetic simulation data.  
Identify and implement simulation use cases in collaboration with the perception software teams. 
Identify testing gaps and derive requirements for new or improved test tools, perception simulation environments and test frameworks. 

What youll do: 
As an Engineering Manager for the Sensor Simulation and Recompute team, you will manage a team of software engineers focused on the pipelines for sensor simulation and recompute at the top edge of technology for development and release of an L4 autonomous truck. The Engineering Manager is responsible for all people leadership activities for the assigned engineers. This includes improving the work execution and quality of their team along with communicating with other teams and management. You will also use technical savvy to collaborate on product development. 

Lead a team of engineers to develop state-of-the-art a sensor simulation and recompute pipeline 
Contribute to the technical decision making and the product roadmap of the team 
Inspire a team that focuses on achieving their project goals, while also creating space for research-driven innovation 
Develop your team by focusing on career growth, maintaining a high bar on performance, and facilitating open and respectful communication 

 What youll need to Succeed: 

Masters Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Systems Engineering, or equivalent 
Minimum 7 years relevant professional experience 
Deep experience of best practices in testing, software architecture and design 
Experienced in Software- and Systems Testing in Development and for Verification  Validation in the fields of Sensor Modelling, Re-Simulation, Perception Simulation, Machine Learning and Computer Vision  
Minimum 4 years experience leading engineering teams in the delivery of simulation testing environment or production software solutions that include complex software development 
Exhibit strong facilitation, technical team coaching, systems thinking, and servant leadership skills 
Demonstrated experience managing and growing high performing teams 
Experienced in working with product managers to drive business-level priorities 
Comfortable in a fast-moving organization and able to quickly learn and adapt 

Bonus Points! 

Relevant PhD degree  
Proficient Coding Skills in C, Linux, Python, ROS 
Experience working on autonomous robot systems, especially on Perception Algorithms for detection, tracking, localization and fusion based on Lidar, Radar, Vision
Software and system troubleshooting and problem-solving with specific focus on system-level analysis, fault isolation and identification 

 
Perks of Being a Full-time Torcr 
Torc cares about our team members and we strive to provide benefits and resources to support their health, worklife balance, and future. Our culture is collaborative, energetic, and team focused. Torc offers:    

A competitive compensation package that includes a bonus component and stock options  
100 paid medical, dental, and vision premiums for full-time employees    
401K plan with a 6 employer match  
Flexibility in schedule and generous paid vacation (available immediately after start date) 
Company-wide holiday office closures  
ADD and Life Insurance 

 Hiring Range for Job Opening US Pay Range195,500—234,600 USDAt Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.