About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.Position: Senior Test Engineer
 
Job Duties: TORC Robotics, Inc. seeks a Senior Test Engineer based out of our U.S. test center in Albuquerque, New Mexico; however, this is a purely telecommuting  work-from-home position, whereby the employee may reside anywhere within the United States. Note, this position requires domestic travel up to 10 of the time. Support on-road testing of TORCs automated vehicles and provide vehicle performance feedback to the development teams; Create and execute test plans to discover the edge cases of various driving scenarios for the autonomous system; Contribute to the continuous improvement process for hardware and software development; Set up and utilize instrumentation; Develop hardware and software (Python and C) tools to enable testing and data capture; Perform analysis of test data and generate reports based on the analysis; Collaborate with development teams to generate performance metrics based on the unique requirements and needs of each development team; Create documentation for standardized processes and internal technical training; Utilize Linux command-line tools, Docker, and ROS.
 
Minimum Requirements: Bachelors degree in computer science, Mechanical Engineering, Robotics Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related technical field and 60 months of experience in job offered or other closely related technical position. Alternately, the employer will accept a masters degree in computer science, Mechanical Engineering, Robotics Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related technical field and 12 months of experience in job offered or other closely related technical position. Required experience must include experience with: Developing robotic systems including mechanical, electrical, and software components; Conducting system-level testing, validation, and verification; Sensor testing and calibration; Creating test plans, test cases, and test procedures; Conducting test data analysis; Troubleshooting complex systems and performing root cause analysis.
Hiring Range for Job Opening 
US Pay Range
132,400—158,900 USD
LI-DNI
 At Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.