About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.Meet the team:
Accurate and highly available information about the vehicle ego-motion and localization is central to ensure an adequate functioning of the virtual driver software of an autonomous truck. Core functionalities such as environment perception and prediction, as well as motion planning and control, strongly rely on this information to guarantee that the vehicle executes a collision-free driving plan. Accordingly, our ego-motion and localization modules are responsible for supplying reliable ego-motion and localization state estimates even in the presence of external disturbances, sensor imperfections, and system degradation.
As part of the ego-motion estimation and localization team, you will be able to design, implement, and improve sensor fusion algorithms for the real-time estimation of the vehicle pose, velocity and acceleration. You will also gain a deep understanding of not only self-driving technology, but also its real-world challenges and how to convert such technology into real products.
What you will do:  
We are seeking an intern to research and develop software that enables an accurate ego-motion and localization solution, even in the presence of faults in the information sources used.
As part of the ego-motion and localization team, you will be able to 

Research the state-of-the-art fault detection and diagnosis and apply excellent algorithm design and programming skills to guarantee a reliable ego-motion and localization solution, even in the presence of faults and information inconsistencies.
Execute full software development lifecycle activities using C, including prototyping, and deploying robust and reliable solutions for the ego-motion and localization problems.
Test developed algorithms in both simulation and on our trucks.
Collaborate with a creative team of engineers and researchers to solve multi-disciplinary problems.
Improve how our vehicles act and react in complex and nuanced situations.

What you will need to Succeed:

Bachelors degree in computer science, robotics, electrical, mechanical, aerospace engineering, or related technical field.
Enrolled student in a masters degree program in computer science, robotics, electrical, mechanical, aerospace engineering, or related technical field.
Good academic performance.
Hands-on experience in C programming, as well as solid Python programming skills.
Experience with Linux.
Ability to implement algorithms efficiently and in a well-organized software architecture.
Knowledge in probability, statistics, probabilistic modeling, and linear algebra.
Excellent communication skills as well as fluency in English.

 
Bonus Points:

Knowledge of safety engineering, functional safety and requirements engineering according to ISO26262.
Proficient with ROS (Robot Operating System).
Knowledge of vehicle kinematics, dynamics, mechatronics, and EE-Systems.
Knowledge in unit testing.

 
LI-KK1Hiring Range for Job Opening US Pay Range31—37 USDAt Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.