About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.Meet the Team: 
The Organizational Safety Specialist is responsible for the execution, refinement, training, and administration of policies, processes, and programs that foster an effective safety culture. The culture sets the foundation for safety and is a key element of Torcs Safety Management System (SMS) program. The Organizational Safety Specialist will report to the Organizational Safety Manager. This role will serve as a safety leader for all employees and includes measuring and monitoring the health of the companys safety culture. 
The position will work cross-departmentally to monitor and cultivate a healthy safety culture across all levels of the organization. They will help promote programs such as the Torc Safety Ambassador Program and support safety moments, listening sessions, workshops, and training. The Organizational Safety Specialist will be a subject matter expert in Torcs safety processes and best practices and will coach other Torcrs to successfully execute and adopt these processes. This position will promote a speak-up safety culture that empowers and encourages all employees to speak up when they have a safety concern. 
What youll do: 

Support the Organizational Safety Manager in building and maintaining Torcs SMS program and work closely with all levels of the organization to foster an effective safety culture. 
Support the development and maintenance of effective safety policies, procedures, and processes that promote a strong safety culture. 
Continually update SMS documentation to ensure its accuracy and that it stays up to date. 
Support audits and assessments of the SMS and related processes and procedures.
Assist in documentation and record keeping of outcomes and decisions from various governance processes. 
Act as a trusted safety partner at respective Torc location and across the business. This role will be critical in shaping the speak-up safety culture required to foster a healthy safety culture. This person will partner with site leadership to build a safety culture that listens to concerns and encourages employees to raise concerns. 
Facilitate the continued development and growth of the Safety Ambassadors program to help promote safety topics across the organization and evolve the reporting channel. 
Partner across the SR department to develop mechanisms to monitor, measure and assess the safety culture. This could include conducting targeted interviews or administering companywide surveys to collect actionable data.
Assist other departments in the development and execution of action plans to address opportunities for improvement related to the safety culture. 
Collaborate with peers in the SR department to ensure consistency in messaging from the SR department to other stakeholders within the organization. 
Assist in the creation, maintenance, and administration of safety training programs. 

What youll need to Succeed: 

4 years of progressive professional experience in Safety and Regulatory or relevant field (such as commercial trucking andor autonomy). 
Bachelors degree in Engineering, Business Management, or other relevant technical discipline.  
Experience in developing, implementing, and managing complex processes or programs.  
Logical thinking to identify problems and an understanding of root cause and risk assessment methods.  
Keen attention to detail particularly aimed at identifying process gaps or issues before they become a problem. 
Desire for continuous learning, collaborative work style, and good judgmentdecision-making skills. 
Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills to build trust and strong working relationships. 
Strong time management and organizational skills to plan, develop, coordinate resources, prioritize effectively, and maintain competing demands simultaneously with frequent interruptions in a fast-paced environment. 
Ability to resolve complex issues in a creative, efficient, and effective way.
Position requires occasional travel to Torc locations. Travel is anticipated to be 15 or less to various Torc locations globally.
A valid US Drivers license with a safe driving record is required.
Able to work and collaborate across locations over different time zones.

Bonus Points! 

Experience with product management tools is a plus (e.g., JIRA and Confluence). 
Certification in PMI or similar project management capabilities.  
Experience engaging with external stakeholders, including auditors, consultants, andor government officials. 
Working knowledge and experience in Microsoft Suite applications, including PowerPoint, Excel, and Outlook.

Perks of Being a Full-time Torcr
Torc cares about our team members and we strive to provide benefits and resources to support their health, worklife balance, and future. Our culture is collaborative, energetic, and team focused. Torc offers:  

A competitive compensation package that includes a bonus component and stock options
100 paid medical, dental, and vision premiums for full-time employees  
401K plan with a 6 employer match
Flexibility in schedule and generous paid vacation (available immediately after start date)
Company-wide holiday office closures
ADD and Life Insurance 
Hiring Range for Job Opening US Pay Range92,100—110,500 USDAt Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.