About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.Meet the team: 
The Sensing  Understanding Department develops software that provides a full scene understanding of the world and its constituents to inform desired vehicle behavior. We accomplish this by applying large scale machine learning as well as classical signal processing techniques to analyze our sensor data to create a clear and coherent picture of the current driving situation. To be able to do this, we develop a highly automated, continuous data loop from data selection, to training, to system release in close collaboration with data strategy, infrastructure, simulation, and software integration. 
What youll do: 
As an Engineering Manager in the Sensing and Understanding Department, you will manage a team of software engineers focused on software for L4 autonomous trucks. The Engineering Manager is responsible for all people leadership activities for assigned engineers. This includes improving the work execution and quality of their team along with communicating with other teams and management. You will also use technical savvy to collaborate on product development. 

Lead a team of engineers to develop state-of-the-art perception algorithms, ensuring our self-driving vehicles can drive safely and smoothly on the road 
Contribute to the technical decision making and the product roadmap of the team 
Inspire a team that focuses on achieving their project goals, while also creating space for research-driven innovation 
Ensure well designed production software is being delivered to the organization 
Develop your team by focusing on career growth, maintaining a high bar on performance, and facilitating open and respectful communication 

What youll need to succeed: 

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or engineering equivalent 
Minimum 4 years experience leading engineering teams in the delivery of production software solutions that include complex algorithm development and data models 
Applied experience solving state estimation and optimization problems 
Minimum 5 years experience writing C software on Linux systems 
Deep experience of best practices in software architecture and design 
Exhibit strong facilitation, technical team coaching, systems thinking, and servant leadership skills 
Demonstrated experience managing and growing high performing teams 
Experienced in working with product managers to drive business-level priorities 
Demonstrated experience in data-driven decision making 
Comfortable in a fast-moving organization and able to quickly learn and adapt 

Bonus Points! 

Relevant masters degree or PhD degree 
Processing sensor data such as LIDAR, RADAR, or Camera data 
Experience working on autonomous robot systems 

Perks of Being a Full-time Torcr 
Torc cares about our team members and we strive to provide benefits and resources to support their health, worklife balance, and future. Our culture is collaborative, energetic, and team focused. Torc offers:    

A competitive compensation package that includes a bonus component and stock options  
100 paid medical, dental, and vision premiums for full-time employees    
401K plan with a 6 employer match  
Flexibility in schedule and generous paid vacation (available immediately after start date) 
Company-wide holiday office closures  
ADD and Life Insurance 

 Hiring Range for Job Opening US Pay Range160,800—193,000 USDAt Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.