About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.Meet the Team: 
This VI Research team is engaged in designing, developing, and optimizing machine learning models for prediction, and planning in our autonomous trucks. Team members participate in all aspects of the software lifecycle, from defining the requirements, planning and designing the model, to implementing and testing, and finally, deployment and maintenance.
What youll do: 

Contribute to the research, development, and improvement of machine learning models for end-to-end perception, prediction, and planning.
Collaborate with data scientists and other engineers to evaluate and improve the efficacy of these models. 
Develop software that is robust, efficient, and maintainable, always ensuring software quality. 
Participate in team meetings to share progress, collaborate on new ideas, and address any challenges. 
Stay updated on the latest developments in machine learning and autonomous driving while evaluating how these can be utilized in our system. 
Work closely with the Sensing and Understanding  Vehicle Intent Departments and other teams to align on objectives and deliverables. 
Participate in technical discussions, brainstorming sessions, and other team meetings. 
Develop and maintain thorough documentation for all developed models and associated code. 
Provide mentorship and technical guidance to junior team members. 

What youll need to Succeed: 

Doctorate Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Robotics, or equivalent with 2 years relevant experience OR 
Masters Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Robotics, or equivalent with 5 years relevant experience OR 
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Robotics, or equivalent with 8 years relevant experience. 
Proven experience designing and developing machine learning models, particularly in the context of autonomous systems. 
Deep understanding of machine learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or  PyTorch. 
At least 2 years of experience in a technical role involving machine learning or related fields. 
Hands-on experience with learning-based prediction, planning and control. 
Experience in autonomous driving systems, sensor fusion, and perception is a plus. 
Strong communication skills, able to articulate complex concepts to diverse audiences. 
Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. 
Advanced knowledge contributing to engineering and process creation and maintenance. 
Strong time management and organizational skills to plan, develop, and prioritize effectively. 

Bonus Points! 

 Publication record in top venues in computer vision andor machine learning, e.g. CVPR, ICCV, ICRA, IROS, RSS, ISMAR, ECCV, NeurIPS, ICLR, and SIGGRAPH.
At Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.