About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.Meet the Team: 
The Regulatory Affairs Director is an experienced safety leader responsible for the compliance of Torcs product development and launch readiness. As a safety leader focused on compliance for an autonomous technology company, they have to have extensive knowledge of the regulatory process at both the federal and state level, the different agencies, and their regulatory authority.  Furthermore, understands the policy impact of autonomous technology on the larger ecosystem, how it may influence policymakers, and can guide Torc on its positioning. 
What youll do: 

Oversees Torcs regulatory strategy and policies and provides the appropriate assessments to ensure compliance. Monitors policymaking and regulatory developments at the state and federal levels.
Manages the regulatory certification of Torc products through the dissemination of requirements, interpretation of safety regulations, and review of compliance plans and assesses evidence
Works collaboratively with business partners (e.g., Product  Strategy, Engineering, Legal, Fleet Ops, and People Ops) to provide subject matter expertise and ensure understanding and compliance with regulatory requirements.
Executes Torcs regulatory strategic plan.  Develops a highly effective and experienced regulatory certification team to successfully deliver objectives
Oversees the local, state, and federal regulatory compliance of Torcs product development and launch readiness through the execution of Torcs Regulatory Strategic Plan
Set the safety certification processes (e.g., review and tracking of the compliance plans and reports) to identify technical and timing risks and communicate these risks to leadership
Co-chair the Legal and Regulatory Safety (LARS) committee and lead the safety processes for providing the Product team with the regulatory requirements input and potential interpretations
Familiarity with key industry standards such as Functional Safety (ISO 26262), Safety Of The Intended Functionality (ISOPAS 21448), and Road Vehicles  Cybersecurity Engineering (ISO 21434). 
Leads research and rulemaking engagements with state and federal regulators, including state DOTs, NHTSA, and FMCSA
Collaborates with DTNA and other partners on compliance roles and responsibilities
Forecasts and communicates present and future risks and opportunities as policy and regulations evolve
Build out the strategic vision and purpose for the safety assurance and regulatory team
In partnership with People Operations, supervisory responsibilities include leading team goal setting career path planning and professional development, tracking team competencies, employee team building and training, performance management, work prioritization, and resource management

What youll need to Succeed: 

Bachelors degree in Engineering, Law, Policy or related field with a strong preference for a Masters degree or Ph.D. in Engineering, Law, Policyrelated field or MBA
Expert regulatory knowledge and at least 5 years of regulatory certification and experience certifying an automotive-related product
10 years experience in automotive safety and regulatory
Proven track record for delivering compliance programs and demonstrated ability to build and lead an effective team
Experience with vehicle design and operation, including powertrain controls, electrical architecture, and vehicle dynamics
Familiarity with a broad range of autonomous and safety regulatory areas: human factors, artificial intelligencemachine learning, software engineering, hardware engineering, and cyber security

Bonus Points! 

Excel in negations, influencing, relationship management, and abstract business issues

 
Perks of Being a Full-time Torcr
Torc cares about our team members and we strive to provide benefits and resources to support their health, worklife balance, and future. Our culture is collaborative, energetic, and team focused. Torc offers:  

A competitive compensation package that includes a bonus component and stock options
100 paid medical, dental, and vision premiums for full-time employees  
401K plan with a 6 employer match
Flexibility in schedule and generous paid vacation (available immediately after start date)
Company-wide holiday office closures
ADD and Life Insurance 
Hiring Range for Job Opening US Pay Range244,600—293,500 USDAt Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.