About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.What youll do:

Dive deep into the challenges faced by current sensors like stereo cameras and lidar, especially when they malfunction in adverse weather conditions.
Play an integral role in the AISee project, where we explore groundbreaking neural network architectures, including generative AI and sensor fusion networks.
Contribute to enhancing disturbed sensor streams, focusing on robust object detection even in the harshest weather.
Apply and adapt algorithms to the most cutting-edge sensor technologies to ensure autonomous vehicles can navigate seamlessly in any scenario.
You will collaborate with many internationally renowned research organizations in the United States and Germany, pushing the state-of-the-art what we can do with todays sensors and algorithms.

What youll need to Succeed:

You have finished your or are in the latest stage of completing your Masters degree with the highest honors in a highly quantitative discipline such as Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, or related fields.
Fluent in either English or German.
Solid programming skills, particularly in object-oriented languages like Python or C.
Know your way around deep learning frameworks like tensorflow or pytorch.
Familiarity with the Linux environment.
A collaborative team player with strong communication skills, able to discuss complex topics, think independently, proactively anticipate challenges, and contribute to collective solutions

Bonus Points!

Experience or familiarity with object detection, tracking, reinforcement learning, or adversarial neural networks.
Came in touch with Bayesian inference or Monte Carlo methods.
Worked with nonlinear optimization. 
Knowledge or experience with ROS.

Additional Information: This full-time position is at our state-of-the-art research lab in Stuttgart. If this sounds like a journey youd want to be a part of, or if you have questions, dont hesitate to drop us an email.PhD PositionAvailable in our artificial intelligence research lab inAt Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.