About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.Meet the team: As the central nervous system of Torcs Engineering organization, the Chief of Staff organization optimizes and enables the efficient and informed engineering operationsto successfully meet strategic objectives.  Technical Product Managers (TPM) drive product development by distilling product visions and milestones into tangible initiatives and epics that engineering teams can work towards. 
 
What youll do:  
We are seeking a TPM Co-op drive product development into engineering teams. 
 
As part of the TPM team, you will be able to:  

Work with the brightest minds in industry to ensure customer product requirements are driven and delivered by relevant engineering teams
Apply your TPM skills in all planning-related activities with an autonomous vehicle product development team
Work on strategic initiatives: Collaborate across the organization to track product releases and put your data analytics skills into practice to visualize engineering milestones and dependencies
Gain experience in an agile working environment
Demonstrate analytical and problem-solving skills and working effectively in a cross-functional and global team environment
Learn a generalist view of a robotics engineering organization, from platform and systems departments, through sensing and control, to integration, test, and validation.

 
 
What youll need to Succeed: 

B.S. (or pursuit of) in Engineering, Computer Science, or related field
Experience in robotics, autonomous vehicles, software development, or a related field with a focus on product management 
Strong time management and organizational skills to plan, develop, coordinate resources, prioritize effectively, and maintain competing demands simultaneously with frequent interruptions and in a fast-paced environment.
Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills to build trust and strong working relationships, effectively create and proofread documents and reports, and communicate to a diverse workforce.
Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle
Criticallogical thinking to identify problems and provide solutions to ensure efficiency, safety, and quality.
Strong business insight and judgment, team orientation and collaborative style

 
Bonus Points: 

M.S. (or pursuit of) preferred
Demonstrated time management and project management skills to effectively organize, monitor, assess, and provide performance metrics for deliverables. 
Experience analyzing company needs, strategic planning, employee development and goal setting
Familiar with Atlassian toolchain and data analytics tools

 
Additional Details:

Start Date: flexible
Role Timeline: flexible
Location(s): Blacksburg VA; Austin TX; Montral, QC
Hiring Range for Job Opening US Pay Range37—45 USDAt Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.