About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.Meet the Team:
This team is looking for someone with the combined technical and management experience to create the next generation of on-road autonomous driving technology, meeting customer needs as effectively and efficiently as possible. Works closely with cross-functional teams to define actionable work plans to achieve product milestones, integrate plans with organizational leaders, obtain feedback from stakeholders, and maintain a backlog of work that reflects end-user requirements and company objectives. Owns the product development plan across relevant engineering teams, represents the plan to executive management, and serves as a subject matter expert.
What youll do:

Accountable for ensuring consistent delivery of critical projects that meet the companys objectives, coordinating efforts and resources, identifying, and removing organizational barriers to execution as the internal representative of the customer to the engineering organization.
Responsible for analyzing and communicating product initiatives to development teams, leadership, and other stakeholders. Break down the product initiatives into department-level quarterly plans.
Analyze top-level product requirements to develop associated department-level plans for components that advance the virtual driver product towards commercial launch.
Create strong working relationships and maintain effective communication across all product development teams, informing others of new features and release timelines, and soliciting frequent feedback from stakeholders for action.
Build trust and strong working relationships with the technical subject matter experts and principal engineers that steward the technical roadmap.
Consult with relevant technical experts and synthesize their input with your own technical and industry knowledge to create and define a balanced product development backlog which drives teams towards the most cost-effective path to commercial launch.
Cohesively and succinctly present quarterly departmental plans based on cross-functional dependencies for evaluation and approval by engineering leadership at the executive level. 
Represent product development plans, showcase recent development efforts in regular reviews, and synthesize changes in urgency to resolve product issues within the applicable department. 
Partner with engineering leadership to define timelinesmilestones, identifymitigate risks, recommend resource allocation, track progress, resolve dependencies, and resolve bottlenecks. 
Set clear, actionable development team workloads that deliver epic acceptance criteria that cleanly support initiative-level acceptance criteria, delegate tasks and set deadlines. 
Monitor epic status and report metrics for management recognition. Clarify metrics and measurable goals to identify work, clarify urgency and importance, follow-up and verify solutionsresults, measure success, review for continuous improvement and effective time management. 
Provide candid and constructive feedback to development team members that maximizes team goals and individual employee potential. Report any issues of concern to managers. 
Create a motivating and inspiring development team environment with an open communication culture. Act proactively to ensure smooth development team operations and effective collaboration. 
Drive a culture of continuous improvement. Identify process gaps andor new areas of focus for continuously improving engineering planning, communication, and execution.

What youll need to Succeed:

Demonstrates competences and technical proficiencies typically acquired through:

BS 10 years of experience, MS 7 years of experience, or PHD 5 years of experience. 


Considered highly skilled and proficient in discipline; conducts complex, important work under minimal supervision and with wide latitude for independent judgment. 
We are looking for a TPM with the experience in the following fields: 

Experience in robotics, aerospace, or automotive engineering, specifically in the localization domain.
Practical experience with vehicle navigation sensors, spanning IMU and GNSS, including driver development, calibration, and troubleshooting.
Understanding of estimation techniques: factor-graph optimization, particle filters, and Kalman filters.
Comprehensive understanding of localization and mapping techniques and algorithms, such as SLAM, using IMUs, on-board vehicle sensors, cameras, lidars, and radars. 



Bonus Points!  

Knowledge of safety engineering, functional safety and requirements engineering according to ISO26262, vehicle dynamics, mechatronics, and EE-Systems.

Perks of Being a Full-time Torcr
Torc cares about our team members and we strive to provide benefits and resources to support their health, worklife balance, and future. Our culture is collaborative, energetic, and team focused. Torc offers:  

A competitive compensation package that includes a bonus component and stock options
100 paid medical, dental, and vision premiums for full-time employees  
401K plan with a 6 employer match
Flexibility in schedule and generous paid vacation (available immediately after start date)
Company-wide holiday office closures
ADD and Life Insurance 
Hiring Range for Job Opening US Pay Range177,300—212,800 USDAt Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.