About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.
Meet the team: 
Deep learning is data driven. It is critical to create clean, balanced, annotated dataset to develop ML models for self-driving cars. The active learning team focuses on data centric AI where we work on data selection, annotation etc. 
  
What youll do: 
We are seeking a co-op student to help develop software that enables L4 (driver out) autonomous driving. 
As part of the active learning team, you will be able to 

Learn how to use existing tools for data quality check and dataset creation 
Produce required dataset according to specifications  
Enhance and improve our cloud-based tools 
Design and implement new features for the pipelines     

 
 
What youll need to Succeed: 

Master or PhD student 
Experience with at least one deep learning framework  
Cloud computing basics  
Python 
Team player 

 
Bonus Points: 

Research experience in AIML 
AWS   

 
Additional Details: 

Start Date: Jan 2024 
Role Timeline: 5 or 6 months  
Location(s): remote 

Hiring Range for Job Opening US Pay Range37—45 USDAt Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.