About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.About the Role:As the Sr. Fleet Operations Manager within our Fleet Ops and Safety Department, you will oversees the autonomous truck operations at site location in Albuquerque, NM. This includes federal and state requirements, safety and other compliance requirements, people management, and fleet administration. This position reports into the Senior Director of Fleet Operations. In this role you will oversee the testing safety process, dispatch and recovery of test vehicles, and testing objectives. You will ensure regulatory compliance of a Class 8 test fleet, and ensure all processes and policies are followed as directed. Responsibilities include business plans and deliverables, daily fleet operations, procurement and financials, safety, logistics, inventories, site onboarding, vendor negotiations and administration. Partner with Torc affiliates to ensure safe and continual operations.
What Youll Do:

Supervises the Logistics Managers and provides leadership to their subordinates.
Develops business plans, matrices andor key performance indicators that will measure and deliver desired results of goals and deliverables.
Completes operations by developing schedules, assigning and monitoring work, gathering resources, implementing productivity standards, resolving operations problems, maintaining reference manuals, and implementing new procedures.
Work with logistics operations, fleet management, on-road testing to ensure safe and productive testing. Ensures maximum testing efficiency while maximizing time and resources and reducing risks and liability exposure.
Collaborate with engineering to review and approve test plans to assure safe test operations. Responsible for fulfilling the established safety testing process and providing feedback to the test engineering teams.
Define, communicate, and track key performance indicators for our teams.
Ensure regulatory and DOT compliance.
Partner with maintenance teams to understand base vehicle issues to mitigate potential downtime in the future.
Support logistics to develop tools and methods that enable and empower safety and efficient compliant testing.
Reviews daily weather forecast, road conditions and closures, traffic concerns and accidents, etc., that could cause a slow down or stoppage and ensures this information is provided to drivers and conductors to avoid potential dangers.
Communicates in quick and proper formats to the director of operations, safety manager, fleet manager, and safety conductors.
For accidents and incidents, assist in investigations and ensures appropriate documentation is communicated to leadership in an accurate and timely manner.
Assist in creating and maintaining guidelines and procedures to protect the confidentiality of all company, site, and program documentation and materials

What Youll Need to Succeed:

Bachelors degree in Engineering, Business, Supply Chain Management, Logistics, or related field of study preferred.
10 years of progressive experience in operations and management of a transportationtrucking center and fleet. Knowledge of autonomous vehicles and the unique opportunities of the dynamic enterprise. Knowledge of the industrys legal obligations, regulations, and guidelines.
Previous experience with budgeting, procurement and financial operations, supervision and training, facilities and asset management, and crisis management.
Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills to build trust and strong working relationships, effectively create and proofread documents and reports, and communicate to a diverse workforce.
Solid technical knowledge and ability to understand technical designs, challenges, and risks to optimize autonomous vehicles operations
Excellent skills in facilitating small and large groups and present on a wide variety of topics.
Excellent skills in visual design for presentations, operating Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) and utilizing audiovisual equipment for optimal delivery and facilitation of initiatives.
Strong business insight and judgment, team orientation and collaborative style
Strong organizational skills to plan, develop, and maintain programs and initiatives simultaneously
Ability to thrive in a face-paced environment with quickly changing business needs
Must possess a passion and the ability to develop and grow colleagues to their highest potential
Ability to maturely maintain sensitive and confidential information

Travel, Training and Safety Requirements

Valid US drivers license with a safe driving record required. May travel occasionally to other states.
Ability to work and collaborate across locations over different time zones.

Bonus Points:

OSHA 30-Hour certificate preferred


Perks of Being a Full-time TorcrTorc cares about our team members and we strive to provide benefits and resources to support their health, worklife balance, and future. Our culture is collaborative, energetic, and team focused. Torc offers:

A competitive compensation package that includes a bonus component and stock options
100 paid medical, dental, and vision premiums for full-time employees 
401K plan with a 6 employer match
Flexibility in schedule and generous paid vacation (available immediately after start date)
Company-wide holiday office closures
ADD and Life Insurance

Hiring Range for Job Opening US Pay Range123,500—148,200 USDAt Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.