About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.Meet the team:   
In the Training and Metrics group our core obligation is to develop and own the production-grade automated processes of the perception data loop. Starting with data selection, following training, evaluation and deployment, in the end, our machine learning models make our trucks perceive the world! We enable automated, data driven iteration cycles on the perception machine learning stack. To be successful, we collaborate with different perception teams, as well as Data Science and ML Ops teams across the company.  
What youll do:   

Implement and integrate the production grade deep learning trainings, evaluation and model conversion of the perception machine learning stack (pytorch, AWS, Kubernetes)  
Accelerate the optimization of the perception training  evaluation  conversion pipelines regarding runtime, memory consumption and network usage  
Integrate training monitoring tools and ensure compatibility of training results and training data with other internal services  
Supervise the unification process of common platform, developer and pipeline tooling such as data loading, model conversion for embedded hardware and evaluation processes and common data formats  
Coordinate and negotiate the development of shared, modular neural network architectures between multiple perception teams    

What youll need to succeed:  

Masters degree in computer science, data science, artificial intelligence or related field  
Knowledge and application experience of deploying Software Engineering best practices like coding standards, formatting and test-driven development  
2 years of relevant professional experience in the field of MLOps 
2 years of experience with python and PyTorch in a distributed  multi-GPU setting, ideally on AWS  
Experience in working within ML automation, data loop and deploying continuous trainings  
Excellent coordination and ability to communicate highly technical topics   

Bonus points!  

Kubernetes, Slurm  
Docker  Jenkins  
AWS Sagemaker, Batch  
Unit testing of neural network (components)  
PhD in computer science, data science, artificial intelligence or related field  

Perks of Being a Full-time Torcr  
Torc cares about our team members and we strive to provide benefits and resources to support their health, worklife balance, and future. Our culture is collaborative, energetic, and team focused. Torc offers:  

A competitive compensation package that includes a bonus component and stock options  
100 paid medical, dental, and vision premiums for full-time employees   
401K plan with a 6 employer match  
Flexibility in schedule and generous paid vacation (available immediately after start date)  
Company-wide holiday office closures  
ADD and Life Insurance  
Hiring Range for Job Opening US Pay Range139,000—166,800 USDAt Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.