About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.Meet the Team:
The Platform Team is dedicated to creating safer roads and saving lives, and your contribution will have an unequivocal impact on the future of trucking and autonomous technology. We are looking for teammates who are passionate about working in this hands-on environment.
Were looking for an experienced Telematics Development Engineer to play a pivotal role in our engineering team. You will be developing in an agile team and be an interface between Torc and the vehicle integration at Daimler Truck.
 What youll do:
The Telematics Development Engineer will be responsible for component ownership, working cross-functionally to define requirements, developing across the product life cycle, and implementing the latest ECU systems that drive our autonomous trucks.

Develop the hardware component to meet functional safety, security and teleoperation requirements.
Act as a component owner for the functional aspects of the Telematics within the project organization.
Manage and maintain the requirements database in IBM DOORS, ensuring all requirements are documented, traceable, and up to date.
Interpret system-level requirements and specifications to create detailed technical requirements for the Telematics ECU.
Create the Antenna requirements for the wireless modules and interact with Antenna suppliers for the development.
Co-ordinate for the certification and product approval process with different MNOs.
Close collaboration with suppliers to understand the component capabilities, track and fix issues and provide clear and concise requirements.
Ensuring suppliers products and services meet the product quality, timeline, and specification needs.
Perform problem-solving activities during design, prototypes, and production, driving root cause analysis and problem resolutions.
Support the creation and maintenance of technical documentation, including specifications, DVPR, and reports.

 
What youll need to succeed:

Masters degree in electrical engineering, Electronics Engineering, or related field.
Proven experience as an ECU Development Engineer, preferably within the automotive industry.
In-depth understanding of the Telematics hardware such as NAD, WiFi  BT, C-V2X, SAT modules.
Good understanding of Automotive communication networks such as Ethernet, CAN etc.
Sound knowledge in ISO Electrical, EMC and Environmental validation requirements.
Experience with requirement management tools, specifically IBM DOORS Next, for managing project requirements and interdependencies.
Proven experience working in AgileScrum teams, with knowledge of Agile methodologies and principles.
Demonstrated ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks and project deliverables.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Knowledge of 5Y  8D analysis is an added advantage.
Excellent communication and teamwork abilities.
Knowledge of industry standards and regulations related to automotive electronics.
Willingness to work in an international environment and to communicate across time zones

 
Bonus Points! 

Experience with Cybersecurity according to ISO 21434
Conversational German skills LI-KK1
At Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.