About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.
The Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) co-op is a developer who specializes in writing code to test the product. They work directly with Developers and other SDETs to understand requirements and designs for upcoming changes, and to devise appropriate test strategies for those changes. They design and write the code for automated test cases and perform hands-on testing.In this role you will be working directly with code in an established framework to automate testing of applications and services. You will support the teams release and testing efforts while growing and maintaining automated coverage and frameworks.
 
Meet the team: The SDET team focuses on supporting the development of software that enables L4 (driver out) autonomous driving, specifically ensuring standards for testing and quality are being metimproved. Supporting the development team is at the core of the SDET Team. To be a SDET means to be a test-focused member of development. In other words, you are effectively a member of the development team who puts priority on testing and quality improvement, and you are insurance that a component meets company-wide standards for software testing and software quality. To put it all together, the core responsibilities of an SDET supporting the ARTs are:

Drive Software Test Development
Drive Software Quality Improvement

What youll do: We are seeking a Software Development Engineer in Test CO-OP (SDET CO-OP) to help develop software that enables L4 (driver out) autonomous driving.
As part of the SDET team, you will be able to  

You will code and collaborate on automation and tools
Perform root cause analysis on complex integrated systems
You will follow best practice guidelines and procedures
Participate in sprint planning and task estimation
You will receive mentorship and always learn and improve.

 
What youll need to Succeed: 

Second year or above Computer Science major or equivalent and completed a co-op work term
Solid programming fundamentals C
Experience with version control
Experience with Python
Familiarity with Linux andor embedded Linux packaging experience

Bonus Points: 

Good understanding of physics, in particular dynamics

Hiring Range for Job Opening US Pay Range31—37 USDAt Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.