About the Company
At Torc, we have always believed that autonomous vehicle technology will transform how we travel, move freight, and do business.
A leader in autonomous driving since 2007, Torc has spent over a decade commercializing our solutions with experienced partners. Now a part of the Daimler family, we are focused solely on developing software for automated trucks to transform how the world moves freight.
Join us and catapult your career with the company that helped pioneer autonomous technology, and the first AV software company with the vision to partner directly with a truck manufacturer.Meet the Team: 
The VP, Safety  Regulatory Policy  Assurance is a highly experienced and respected safety leader responsible for assuring the safety of Torcs product development and launch readiness. This leadership role requires broad safety knowledge and safety case experience to champion the safety and regulatory product strategic plan and guide its execution.  An important part of this role is building credibility with federal, state, and local government stakeholders to position Torc as a trusted partner. As a safety leader for Torc, they understand the safety and regulatory environment including how it may impact Torcs technology and business priorities. They work to gain cross-functional alignment on policies to advance Torcs business priorities leveraging the Daimler network and collaborating to influence outcomes more effectively.
As VP, SR Policy  Assurance, they will need to build and manage a highly effective and experienced Safety  Regulatory Assurance and Policy team.  This team works with the Product Team to establish safety requirements that guide the design of a safe product and when necessary, works with the Legal Team to provide regulatory interpretations for the development of functional requirements. They also oversee and assess the evidence from Engineering and other teams on the delivery of the safety case, conformance with safety standards (e.g., functional safety, the safety of the intended functionality, and cyber security), and compliance with regulations.  One of the critical aspects for success in this role will be working collaboratively with business partners (e.g., Product  Strategy, Engineering, Legal, Fleet Ops, and People Ops) to establish and refine the safety processes, interfaces, and safety release gateways for deployment.
In addition to collaborating internally, this role will need to build relationships across the industry. The Safety  Regulatory Assurance and Policy team will lead the external interfaces with government agencies, industry consortiums, and research groups. Determining the strategy for engagement and guiding company representatives in collaboration with the Marketing and Communication team to help ensure the engagement delivers the desired results.   They will need to monitor the safety and regulatory environment, communicate the potential impact to Torc, and work with business partners to try to shape and develop business contingency plans
What youll do: 

Champions the strategic plan for the Torc Safety Case including alignment with business partners and manages the delivery of the plan
Chairs the Legal and Regulatory Safety (LARS) committee and leads the safety processes for providing the Product team with the safety requirements.
Establish a strategy related to safety standards and processes for assessing or auditing conformance to key industry standards and guide the team to in the execution and conformance assessment
Monitors and where appropriate, active engagement in the development of safety standards and industry best practices by participation in industry technical working groups and committees, including SAE, ISO, UL, and the AVSC.
Guides their team to oversee the execution of Torcs Regulatory Strategic Plan and delivery of a compliant product.
Leads research and rulemaking engagements with state and federal regulators, including state DOTs, NHTSA, and FMCSA.
Leads government relations with federal and state representatives and collaboration with Daimlers government affairs team.
Forecasts and communicates present and future risks and opportunities as policy, regulations, and standards evolve.
Leads the strategic vision and purpose for the Safety  Regulatory Assurance and Policy team.
Leads the development of a well-respected team internal and external to Torc.
In partnership with People Operations, supervisory responsibilities include leading team goal setting, career path planning and professional development, tracking team competencies, employee team building and training, performance management, work prioritization, and resource management.
Accomplish department objectives by supervising employees, overseeing work direction and progress, and working collaboratively with the larger Safety  Regulatory organization and company.

What youll need to Succeed: 

Bachelors degree in Government Affairs, Political Science, Engineering, or a related field (e.g., computer science) with a preference for an MBA
10 years experience in automotive safety and regulatory
Proven-track record for delivering safety programs
Demonstrated ability to lead and build an effective and well-respected team
Knowledgeable in the larger policy and ecosystem aspects, how they may influence policymakers, and methods for influencing and positioning Torc.
Demonstrated ability to represent the company in external engagements and speaking opportunities.
Solid understanding of federal and state regulations and significant experience with negotiating and influencing policy, rulemaking, and regulatory exemption processes.
Familiarity with key industry standards such as Functional Safety (ISO 26262), Safety Of The Intended Functionality (ISOPAS 21448), and Road Vehicles  Cybersecurity Engineering (ISO 21434).
Demonstrated knowledge in the following disciplines: human factors, artificial intelligencemachine learning, software engineering, and hardware engineering
Understanding of vehicle design and operation, including powertrain controls, electrical architecture, and vehicle dynamics.

Bonus Points! 

Ability to build and maintain effective and trusted working relationships at all levels.
Excellent leadership, interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills.
Competent in creating and reviewing documents, work products, and reports.
Desire for continuous learning, collaborative workstyle, and good judgment and decision-making skills.
Strong time management and organizational skills to plan, develop, coordinate resources, prioritize effectively, and maintain competing demands simultaneously with frequent interruptions and in a fast-paced environment.

 
Perks of Being a Full-time Torcr
Torc cares about our team members and we strive to provide benefits and resources to support their health, worklife balance, and future. Our culture is collaborative, energetic, and team focused. Torc offers:  

A competitive compensation package that includes a bonus component and stock options
100 paid medical, dental, and vision premiums for full-time employees  
401K plan with a 6 employer match
Flexibility in schedule and generous paid vacation (available immediately after start date)
Company-wide holiday office closures
ADD and Life Insurance 
Hiring Range for Job Opening US Pay Range272,700—327,200 USDAt Torc, were committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We celebrate the uniqueness of our Torcrs and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, or disabilities.
Even if you dont meet 100 of the qualifications listed for this opportunity, we encourage you to apply. Were always looking for those that are hungry, humble, and people smart and your unique experience may be a great fit for this role or others.