Were looking for a talented HRIS Specialist to join our growing People Team based in Singapore. This role sits within our People Technology team and will be instrumental in helping us to manage and optimise our HRIS system, Workday. This dynamic and varied role manages the performance and maintenance of our HR systems whilst driving efficiencies around processes and solutions.
We are looking for a systems specialist from a HR background who will be responsible for the day to day operational support for Workday from a functional perspective, which includes responding to tickets raised from across the People team. We want someone who is passionate about providing great service and is able to think holistically across the HR functions.
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. Were 5,400 Wisers strong, with over 70 nationalities working in 25 locations around the globe!
This is a unique opportunity to join Europes most valuable fintech company at a pivotal time in evolving our global People technology, automation and data capability. Keeping a customer first mindset, youll be working closely with our HRIS Manager in building, designing, delivering and maintaining Workday and all other People Systems across Wise.
Your mission:

Partner with stakeholders to identify development areas and provide technical solutions utilising People systems and technology (primarily Workday)
Provide support for HR System upgrades and enhancements to include prioritization, functional design, documentation, testing, training, implementation and support model design.
Review business processes to ensure system features are being fully utilized and identify Workday features that may improve efficiency
Build and maintain Workday functionality, including any new developments or modules
Support other tools like Absorb, Peakon, SmartRecruiters
Building basic and advanced custom reports and extracting data requests
Help, advise and train the People team and Wise leads (managers) on using HRIS and best practice
Provide an excellent customer experience by troubleshooting complex problems and investigating and resolving errors quickly and efficiently
Monitor, review and optimise HR processes (online and offline).
Consult with functional leaders and SMEs in HR to design, develop, and implement technology solutions that increase operational efficiency, maintain compliance, and positively impact customer experience for HR, candidates, employees, managers and business leaders.
Collect, document and maintain security requirements and policies for user level access to HR applications.
Manage support queries from employees and HR via our ticketing system

A bit about you:

Youre a Singaporean Citizen or Permanent Resident of Singapore
Youve got a strong background and experience in HRIS (Workday) configuration and administration of Core HCM, Security and another module (Time Tracking preferred, Absence, Compensation)
Experience of other HR tools like Peakon, Absorb Learning, recruiting tools 
Youve worked in an HR function within a global company of 2000 people
Youve played a role in an HRIS implementation 
You get a thrill from turning a business need or process into a technical requirement
Experience with artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML) or large language models (LLM) is a huge plus
Youre Analytically minded, a data and spreadsheets whiz who loves to solve problems and has the ability to use data to inform decision
You can thrive in a fast paced and constantly evolving environment, able to flex your approach as needed and manage a busy, varied workload
Youre an exceptional communicator and great at building relationships across teams, with a key focus on building stakeholder relationships
Comfortable processing large, critical data sets with a high level of accuracy.
Project management capability and personal organisation skills, in particular, delivering against projected timelines.
Excellent communicator both written and verbal with ability to translate technical information to simple language and influence stakeholders at all levels of the business
Focus on security and confidentiality.
Can spot opportunities, curious about data insights and proactively seeking insight and answers.
Use critical thinking to create innovative solutions.
Ability to thrive in a fast paced, diverse and creative environment.
Proficiency in Excel and PowerPoint.

What do we offer: 

Salary range: 5400 - 6000 SGD  monthly
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Singapore office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

DK-29Salary (monthly)5,400—6,000 SGDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.