Were looking for a Cards Issuance Team Lead to join our team in our Singapore office. This role is a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission, grow as a leader of our Operations teams and help save millions more people money. 
Your mission: 
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. Your mission is to develop a strong Operations team and support specialists on their personal growth paths.
Heres how youll be contributing to the Operations Team:

Taking ownership of the operational part of the Card Issuance and Delivery Process;
Ensuring customers card request are treated promptly within SLA;
Supervising the management of all cards stock;
Acting as the first level escalation point for the team as well as internal and external partners;
Developing and maintaining the vision for the operational team, driven by data. Transforming data into business metrics and tracking and reporting against them; 
Monitoring and reporting against teams performance metrics;
Developing a strong Operations team and support specialists on their personal growth paths;
Managing teams resources and their relevant skills, ensuring at all times a high-quality, high-speed workflow with optimal coverage;
Driving operational excellence and automation, while building sufficient controls and assessing and mitigating operational risks;
Ensuring the teams readiness to handle unexpected situations;
Collaborating with other teams in Wise to align on overall mission and represent Operations views in planning;
Guaranteeing process documentation within own area;
Guaranteeing teams input and participation in product planning;

This role will give you the opportunity to: 

Make an Impact - Youll help drive the definition of our goals and vision while increasing the efficiency of the operations team and dreaming big, driving us towards Mission Zero!
Inspire Teams - Youll fuel the revolution with your ideas, knowledge, self-starter attitude, and customer insight, which youll use to work with product development engineers and other operational teams to help solve our customers problems!
Develop Wisers - Youll scale culture and help to create a positive and motivating work environment for our Wisers. Youll ensure the health and productivity of the specialists within your teams by helping to set the right culture and implement the right approaches. We dont believe in drama, only good Karma!
Work Globally - Youll work closely with internal and external partners and help to figure out ways to make our customers lives better. Youll also occasionally travel to work and learn with our teams in other locations! 

 
About you: 

You are a Singapore citizen or Permanent Resident, we dont support visa for this role
You have at least 1 year of leadership experience - background in logistics or card issuance is a nice to have.
You have experience working with internal and external partners to optimize processes (e.g. cards delivery)
You are KPI and SLA driven - you are able to develop metrics and report against them.
You have experience and skills in project management.
You drive to make things happen instead of wondering why things happened.
You place customers first and you make no compromise on this.
Youre a strong communicator with both internal and external stakeholders, straight up and honest. You can adapt your communication style to different audiences. Youre able to persuade others and you arent afraid to challenge something when you need to.
You know how to use data to prioritise tasks that have the most value-add to customers and measure the impact.
Youre comfortable working within teams that face complex issues and take charge in difficult situations.
You enjoy creating an inspiring team environment where ideas are shared and openness is valued. Youre comfortable and composed when either giving or receiving feedback.
You have a passion for technology, customer experience, and you want your work to have a positive impact on people.
Youre a great relationship builder, experienced at working closely with external partners as well as product development teams, including product managers and engineers.
Your curiosity has no limit and this is your guiding light. You have the self-awareness to recognise areas you dont know and the humility to learn. 

If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV and Cover Letter. Please also answer the application questions.
 
What do we offer: 

Starting salary: 6550 SGD Singapore
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Singapore office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

If youre interested in the position, please apply for the latest 26.10.23 by submitting your CV and Cover Letter. In your cover letter, please answer the following questions 

What does healthy team culture mean to you? How do you make sure that your team has a healthy team culture? How do you make sure everyone in the team feels valued?
How do you support the development of the specialists in your team?
How do you solve a conflict within a team?

LI-PK1
 Salary (monthly)6,550—9,000 SGDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.