Senior Product Analyst
Wise is looking to hire a Senior Product Analyst to add to the North America team! 
Your mission will be to deeply understand the needs of North American customers and help your team to focus on solving their most critical problems.
The focus of this team is to ensure that money moves in and out of Wise in the most seamless, cost-effective, convenient, and fast way for customers. The goal for you, in this role will be to focus on and affect the parts of our product that will help us scale 10x as we enable core functionality for global money transfers. Our current teams work on problems across domains that result in more US customers using the Wise Multi-Currency Account.
Heres how youll be contributing:

Youll derive actionable insights from data to inform product decisions, from improving our onboarding flow to reduce friction using one product.
Youll partner with Product Managers and other Analysts to set KPIs for NorthAm and monitor the impact of new product features on conversion, stickiness and engagement


Youll help to understand our customers and the impact our product has on their lives 
Youll help building conviction on high-value areas and challenging them if there are faster or more effective ways to grow the market
Youll inspire a team environment where ideas are shared and openness is valued
(Eventually) hiring, and onboarding new team members across the team 
Youll make contributions to the wider product goals of the company to achieve our Mission: Money without borders

This role will give you the opportunity to:

Choose your path to impact  we believe people are most empowered when they can act autonomously. So rather than telling you what to do, youll work with your team to create a vision of your own. Of course, you can always gather feedback from smart, curious people across Wise but youll have the freedom to make your own calls
Grow as a Product Analyst  Grow and inspire your team and others across Wise
Get amazing exposure to the full breadth and depth of our product while working with a group of multi disciplinary teams of amazing, smart and dedicated product analysts, engineers, product managers, researchers, designers and many more
The freedom to have real impact  The opportunities youll identify are key to Wise reaching future millions of customers and redefining how payments work internationally at scale
A fun work environment with loads of social activities and events at your team and analytics community level
Be part of our mission to make money without borders the new normal

Extra skills that are beneficial but not mandatory:

Knowledge of the US and Canadian payment systems and fintech ecosystem
Past experience on funnel optimization

Our Offer
Benefits:
  RSUs in a rapidly growing company after a year with us Hybrid working model  A combination of work-from-home and from the office   Wisers can work remotely for 90 days a year. By remote we dont just mean from home, but from wherever in the world you choose to  An annual self-development budget  Medical, dental,  vision insurance  including HSA and FSA options  Company-paid: Life Insurance, Short  Long-Term Disability, and an EAP program  25 days PTO, 15 sick days, 11 bank holidays, 5 compassionate leave days, 3 paid Me days and a paid volunteer day, annually  A paid 6-week sabbatical leave after four years  18-weeks of paid parental leave, after a year with us  401k with up to a 4 employer match BuiltIn Award winner for Best Places to Work and Best Large Places to Work
Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, qualifications arent that important to us. If youve got great experience, and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.
And because we believe that diverse teams build better products, wed especially love to hear from you if youre from an under-represented demographic.LI-RA1Salary (annual)137,500—175,000 USDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.