Your Mission
At Wise, we are fully devoted to our Mission: Money without borders. Instant, convenient, and eventually free. Over 16 million people and businesses use Wise, which processes over 9 billion in cross-border transactions every month, saving customers over 1.5 billion a year. We serve a wide range of customers from personal users, freelancers, small businesses and increasingly even to large enterprises and banks. Wise also offers over 50 currencies for customers to hold and convert money in.
You will be placed in one of our Servicing teams that both power Wise and ensure our customers have a safe and convenient experience when using us. You will get to build your skills in Product Management through a tailored learning program in combination with executing on real problems. 
After your successful graduation from the Product Academy, you will transition into a full-time member of the Wise Product team!
What is Product Academy?

Its a 10 week tailored program starting at the beginning of March, in which every week you will get to spend time both on dedicated sessions to learn about Product Management, and also with learning on the job by working on your own projectsproducts.
You will start working on your domain (i.e. the team you are hired into), but spend most of Monday and Friday with Product Academy.
Every week will have a topic - Mondays will be more for presentations, and by the end of it you will get an assignment that you need to work on until Friday. On Friday, you present your results!
For every topic, our goal is to talk about the generic concept, the Wise specific and also the practical bits (tools, real examples).

This will include exciting bits, such as:

Product vision, strategy  roadmap
OKRs, KPIs  Measuring
Stakeholder management
Planning
Agile development, working with developers

 And many others!Please note, that during the 10-week Academy, we would like our upcoming Product Managers to spend their time in the office to better connect and learn at a faster pace. 
This role will give you the opportunity to:

Transition to the world of product management - you will have a tailored learning program delivered by some of the most experience product people at Wise who will cover a broad range of topics
Apply what you learn to real world problems - you will be working with engineers and other stakeholders to clarify the problem, decide on the best solution and build it, measure and iterate on what you have built 
Have a measurable impact in a PM role - While you will have tailored learning programs, you will still spend a significant amount of your time working in a cross functional team as any other PM at Wise - and through this have a measurable impact on Wises customers and mission
Work across the entire product lifecycle - you will go through the entire lifecycle of a product, from problem hypothesis and validation to solution implementation, measurement and iteration. 

A bit about you: 

You have recently started out in your product management journey or work in a similar type of problem solving role (e.g. Technical Project ManagerProduct OwnerProduct Consultant or as a Product Engineer, Software Engineer, Solution Architect, Data Scientist etc.)
You have at least 2 years of professional experience in the type of roles outlined above
You have some experience working with data and making decisions based on data
You are curious about how digital products are built
You are able to start the academy on the 4th of March
You have the right to work in Estonia - Please note that we are not able to provide relocation support or visa sponsorship for this position!

What you get back:

 Experience working in one of the fastest growing European FinTechs
 Lots of team activities
 Salary of gross 3765 EURmonth with an RSU package
 Find out more about our benefits here 
 Solve real customer problems with data
Fun offices with social activities - have a sneak peak of life in our Tallinn office!

 Salary (monthly)3.765—3.765 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.