A bit about the role
Wise is looking for a Senior Accountant  Accounting Project Manager to join our General Accounting team. The General Accounting team is part of the Finance Tribe, being responsible for the financial deliverables for all entities in Wise group. Working closely with the Tax, Controlling and other Finance teams you will be responsible for more complex accounting processes, ensuring timely and accurate financial reporting as well running new accounting projects and initiatives.
Your mission will include the following activities:

Ownership of complex accounting areas: we can offer a wide variety of accounting challenges requiring both strong data processing skills and strong knowledge of financial reporting and accounting standards. 
Collaborate with budgeting, controlling, tax and product teams to obtain understanding about transactions and work out appropriate accounting processes.
Ownership of innovative and improvement projects aimed to make accounting processes more reliable, efficient and automated, setting up new accounting flows. 
Identifying missing or insufficient processes and taking initiative to find solutions.
Participate in the external audit by replying to external auditors questions and information requests.
Participate in the preparation of group-wise consolidated financial statements.

A bit about you:  
Experience: 

At least 4 years of experience in accounting, financial controlling or audit.
Strong understanding of the core accounting principles (advanced IFRS knowledge would be a benefit)
(extra benefit) Professional finance qualification such as the ACA, ACCA, CPA or equivalent.
(extra benefit) You have worked in a multinational environment across different cultures and countries.
(extra benefit) You have worked in regulated environments, Fintech or Financial Services.

Required skills: 

Accuracy and high attention to details 
High standards for quality, ability to thoroughly review your own and others work and deliver the best results.
Advanced data processing skills, ability to understand complex spreadsheets and create efficient, reliable calculations with built-in controls, easy scaling and updating capabilities.
Ability to work independently, assume responsibility and make your own judgment. 

Who are you?

You have a passion for what were building at Wise.
You are keen to roll up the sleeves and get the job done.
You are proactive, like to take the initiative and eager to make a change.
You are open to self-development, willing to gain experience, improve your skills and keen to learn new tricks.
You are able to work with multiple teams within and outside of finance as well as internationally on projects or ad hoc requests as required, with flexibility and a can-do attitude.
You feel passionate about implementing your skills and knowledge in creation and improvement of controls framework and internal processes.

What do we offer: 

 1,050,000-1,225,000 HUF per month
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Budapest office 

 
Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave
Salary (monthly)1 050 000 Ft—1 225 000 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.