Were looking for a Malaysia Blog Content Specialist to join our growing SEO Content team. 
Content and SEO at Wise is about making sure we offer the best possible content and on-site experience to our customers. We dont believe in stuffing keywords in a blog article or building artificial links - but we do believe in great copy that inspires and helps readers to find answers.
Were looking for someone who understands the Malaysia Market and speaks English to take care of Wise Malaysia blog. If you also speak Malay and Mandarin, thats a huge plus and you should expand Wise Simplified Chinese blog for Mandarin speakers in Malaysia and Malay blog for Malay speakers, too. 
Malaysia is one of the top growing locales for us and we need you to make it even bigger! The target audience is locals and expats in Malaysia.
This role is ideal for someone who is passionate about content creation, digital marketing, andor SEO. If you already have some knowledge and experience in SEO, that is a huge plus! 
At Wise were on a mission to empower our users to make smart financial decisions based on transparent information. Our content team is no different. We produce content and monitor its performance too, because we believe that working in SEO means that you understand how the content youre producing is helping the end user.
Your Mission

Produce high quality SEO optimised content in English  for Wise Malaysia blog
If you also speak Mandarin and Malay, produce SEO content for Simplified Chinese blog and Malay blog, too
Own  your content - from ideas to briefing, proofreading, editing and finally publishing articles: you will own every stage of the process
Conduct keyword research using Ahrefs, SEMRush
Target both business and personal customers and understand the wants, needs and pain points of our potential new customers
Explain our products in an easy to understand way for the readers
Edit copy - youre not afraid to fix copy or make direct changes when necessary
Make data-driven decisions using a range of SEO and analytics tools
Optimise older articles to improve conversion rates and boost performance
Communicate key insights and obstacles to the team and broader Marketing team
Collaborate with Regional Product Marketing Manager and Product Manager to align with them and think of new content opportunities 
Find, coordinate and manage a bunch of talented freelance writers
Follow frameworks - you will ensure our content follows legal, brand and PR guidelines
If youre experienced in SEO, you might help us identify a new way of working or initiative that helps bring growth to our channel as a whole, not just your locale

 This Role Will Give You The Opportunity To

Own one of the most promising blog locales in Wise and directly see your impact i.e. how your articles bring new users
Work autonomously with help from your lead and other team members
If youre already experienced in SEO, you may have a chance to identify a new way of working or initiative that helps bring growth to our channel as a whole
Deepen your SEO and marketing skills by working with talented people in the team
Work in the SEO content team, probably the most international team in Wise, which consists of 35 (and counting) people from 20 different countries
Be flexible in how you work, we understand that everyone needs a little something different so well do our best to make it happen
Occasionally travel to Tallinn office to meet the rest of SEO blog content Asia team

About You 

You are a Singapore Citizen or Permanent Resident (Please note that we are unable to provide visas for this role.)
You have a good understanding of the Malaysia Market and have local insights about the need and pain-points of Malaysians managing money internationally
You write and speak in English
Its a huge advantage if you also write and speak in Mandarin (Simplified Chinese) and in Malay
Its a plus if you yourself used Wise or similar products to move  manage your money internationally
You love creating content 
Its also a huge plus if you have SEO or content marketing experience
You love using data. From traffic numbers to conversion rates, you understand how to measure the performance of your work
Youre great at building relationships and working with people outside of your own team to get things done (e.g. local freelancers, other teams at Wise)
You have a great eye for detail and what makes good content when it comes to words and visuals; from small copy changes to fixing blog articles in bulk
If you have some experience of using or working with digital finance brands, banks or products,  its a plus
Some experience or knowledge of how Google Search Console works is a plus but not mandatory
Some experience or understanding of SEO and familiar with keyword tools such as Ahrefs and SEMRush is a plus but not mandatory
You thrive in a culture of autonomy and not afraid to take full ownership of your content plans from start to finish

A bit about Wise
Wise (formerly TransferWise) was founded in 2011 with a clear mission  money without borders — so people and businesses can send, spend and get paid in any currency effortlessly, whenever, wherever.
Now, 11 years on, over 12 million people and businesses have trusted Wise to manage their money and we move over 6 billion around the world every single month.
At Wise, we do things a bit differently. Theres no corporate nonsense, and no old-fashioned hierarchy. Instead, we work in dozens of self-sufficient, autonomous teams. Think of them like start-ups within a start-up.  
Each team picks the problems they want to solve. So, theres no micro-management. No hiding behind fancy job titles. And no one telling you what to do. You are your own boss. But youll get tons of guidance and plenty of support from your talented, super-smart teammates.  
Were going to be upfront — the way we work doesnt suit everyone. But if freedom, autonomy, and life-affirming, head-scratching professional challenges rock your world, we could be a match made in heaven.
To find more about what its like to work at Wise  - plus a full run through of our employee benefits - visit our careers page.
 
 Salary (monthly)3,170—4,580 SGDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.