Wise is one the fastest growing companies in Europe and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 15 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money across borders easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply. 
So, were building a new one.
And, we need a Senior Fullstack Engineer with a Java and Javascript focus to join our mission and help us build a global platform thats scalable, reliable and secure. Were working on lots of algorithmical challenges, and youll dive right into projects on reconciliation, integrations, authorisations and authentications. 
The team you will join: Compliance Tooling team 
The Compliance Tooling team within the Servicing Tribe focuses on providing back-office tooling experience for agents and product engineering teams. As a full-stack software engineer on this team, you will work on building a scalable and reusable platform that can be used to create efficient operational processes. You will work closely with cross-functional teams to ensure the smooth operation of our tooling platform, contributing to the overall success of our organisation. You will be working on both the frontend (ReactJS and Typescript) and backend (Java) aspects of our back office tools. 
Our main vision points are: 

we enable product and operational teams to build, maintain and track their manual work tooling easily 
we enable the quickest technical solution for product teams building manual work tooling with a wide range of use cases to accommodate the various needs of operational teams 
we offer platform-level support for any core and custom problems within our service, along with easy guides for implementation, troubleshooting and analysis 
we ensure our service stability will not negatively impact operational work and that the services themselves are secure, all while supporting the deprecation of legacy back-office tooling

What does it take?  

A strong product mindset and passion for customer experience, you prioritise work with the customers in mind and make data-driven decisions to fix customer pain-points
Great communication skills and the ability to articulate complex, technical concepts to non-technical audience
Experience working with relational or non-relational databases, query optimisation and designing schemas
You enjoy writing testable code and believe in Test Driven Development
You have 7 years of experience in Java 8 knowledge, experience with Spring framework 
You believe in and follow best coding practices, code reviews and open feedback
Experience with CICD pipelines and Distributed and Concurrent Systems
Hands on knowledge of system integration patterns 

What does success look like?

Youll have onboarded and found your place through understanding your team and tribe vision and how you can contribute
Youll understand how our values can help you guide your work
Youll understand the reasons behind problematic payments and customer difficulties and how to go about solving them
Youll be raising the automation level to enable scaling of the product
Understand our customers and the impact our product makes in their lives 
Youll help us scale-up and build a world class money transfer product by finding solutions to our technical challenges and opportunities

What you get back:

The empowerment to solve problems your way
The freedom to have real impact
Loads of development opportunities 
A fun work environment with social activities and events
The opportunity to work with super smart people

The salary ranges between HUF1,500,000 - HUF2,200,000month with an RSU package. 
Furthermore, find out more about our benefits in our  Budapest  office. 
Interested? Find out more:

 How we work - a practical guide
 The Wise Tech Stack, 2022 edition
 Our Engineering career map

...or check out our Engineering blog.
Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, qualifications arent that important to us. If youve got great experience, and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.
And because we believe that diverse teams build better products, wed especially love to hear from you if youre from an under-represented demographic.
LI-ZK1Salary (monthly)1 500 000 Ft—2 200 000 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.