Senior Platform Engineer - CI
Wise is one the fastest growing companies in Europe and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 16 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money across borders easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply. 
So, were building a new one.
And, were looking for a Senior Platform Engineer to join us in our Platform CI team, in Budapest 
For our customers, using Wise should feel as simple as sending a text message. Yet behind our app and website lies a complex, one-of-a-kind engine of currencies and routes thats being designed, built and powered by our talented teams in cities around the world. With new capabilities being built every day, theres still a lot to figure out, and we cant do it alone. This role is a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission, grow as a product leader and help save millions more people money.  
Our Platform CI team is responsible for building the CI platform to Wise engineers, enabling them to become more efficient with their day to day build operations. We want to deliver sustainable solutions for product teams, with a healthy dose of paranoia knowing how complex, distributed systems can fail. Our team has developed from a general platform team into a focused CI team, creating value adding service offerings to Wise engineering.  
As we scale we continue to push our teams to run autonomously. They are closest to our customers, so theyre empowered to decide what to prioritise and deliver, without being told what to do by leadership. This means they can move fast and run multiple projects at the same time.
At Wise we split our time between the office and home focusing on using the most appropriate place for our activities. Think about coming together in person for events which focus on coaching, community and collaboration.
Heres how youll be contributing to the Engineering Team

Youll be working hands-on in the team and we expect you to build and own the vision for CI platform and its paved path in Wise. We have invested in AWS and Kubernetes, making the most of these abstractions. Youll also work with our product engineering teams to understand their needs and requirements and onboard them to new solutions. 

Ideally you have experience with:

CICD at scale
Experience with software engineering languages such as Java, Python, Go, Groovy etc
Building out scalable and automated Cloud platforms on preferably AWS
Experience in infrastructure automation tools (TerraformAnsiblePuppetChef)
Containerisation technology and various orchestration platforms e.g. Docker, Kubernetes
Understanding SRE principles
Linux troubleshooting skills in debugging issues with disk, network, appJVM performance etc

Nice to have:

Experience with Github Actions 
Knowledge and an eye on newer architectural concepts such as microservices, service mesh, lambda programming
Experience with performance analysis and capacity forecasting
Network knowledge of DNS, network topology, etc.
Knowledge of relational (RDBMS) and NoSQL databases

Key areas of the role:

Define and create a paved path for Wise Continuous Integration platform that are compliant and auditable
Designing, Building and Owning mission-critical shared platform services for rest of Wise engineering
Work with various engineering teams and their requirements to figure out how to best suit their needs
Build infrastructure with availability best practices in mind. Use chaos engineering practices, run simulated outages and data recovery drills regularly
Engage regularly with our blameless postmortem culture, always focused on continuous improvement
Work closely with our product teams to gather requirements, identify bottlenecks and improve our CI platform 

What you get back:

The ability to choose your own path to success  youll have the freedom to define the vision 
The freedom to have real impact
The opportunity to inspire teams 
A fun work environment with social activities and events

Interested? Find out more:
How we work  a practical guide
TransferWise Vlogs: Omar, Engineering Lead
Engineering team blog
Scaling our Infrastructure; how we make it work
Wise Tech Stack.
And for a sneak peek into the Wise world of (Platform) Engineering check out our Tech Blog: Platform Engineering Blog. 
 
What do we offer: 

Salary: 1,500,000 - 2,200,000 HUF   RSUs
Find out more about our benefits in our Budapest office

Key benefits:

Flexible working  whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

LI-AB3
Salary (monthly)1 500 000 Ft—2 200 000 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.