Customer Support Associate
Were looking for Customer Support Associates to join our Customer Support team at Wise! Youll support our English speaking customers from our Tampa, Florida office! 
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can manage their money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 13 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Youll receive a competitive package including a starting salary of 20.50 per hour  Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) in a profitable company  best in class benefits! (more info below )
The projected start date for this role is November 27, 2023. This is a hybrid position located in Tampa, Florida and NOT fully remote.
Your mission: 
Your mission is to help customers have an excellent experience using Wise. In Customer Support, we focus the majority of our time providing world-class customer support for our English speaking customers via phones and emails. At Wise, our customer support teams understand that making a customer happy is crucially important to a business success and you make that your goal for every contact. 
Youll support mission by:
Problem solving: Investigating issues with payments, account set up and login, and providing general support to our customersCommunicating: We need to communicate not only with our customers, but also with our own internal teams to solve problems by being creative, friendly, and solution orientedTeaching: We need to educate our customers that may be new to Wise on how to get the most out of our productsLearning: We need to be up to date with our own products to be able to teach our customers about new updates and featuresDelivering feedback: Sometimes we get feedback from our customers and its our job to pass that feedback along to the proper internal teams
Some of your time is spent on administrative tasks to improve our processes and your development. These include:

Participating in team meetings, participating in ongoing training sessions, 1 on 1 meetings with your lead, and assessing quality reviews 
Reviewing other metrics such as: productivity, handling time, QA, and adherence

A bit about you:
Experience: Youre someone who has experience supporting customers via phone and email channels in a high volume environment, preferably in banking or finance

Flexibility: Open to working days, evenings, weekends, and occasional holidays. Most shifts fall between 8:00am-8:00pm EST, and each agent works 2 weekend days per month. While we consider your scheduling preferences, shifts may change based on customer needs, so we cannot guarantee your preferred shift (Note: Your first 6 weeks will be a 9:00am-5:00pm EST schedule while you complete your paid CS training)
Communication: Phone and email contacts are the main responsibility for this role, so communication skills are key. This includes exceptional verbal  written English skills, active listening, speaking in a friendly and professional tone, and conveying information in an easy to understand manner
Empathy and conflict resolution: Its important to empathize with customers situations and remain patient throughout the conversation. Occasionally, you may encounter irate or dissatisfied customers. Strong conflict resolution skills help defuse tension, address concerns, and find mutually beneficial resolutions
Time management: Efficiently managing your time in an ever changing environment ensures you handle customer contacts promptly and effectively. This involves prioritizing tasks, adhering to your schedule, and providing timely resolutions to exceed performance metrics and deliver a great customer experience
Technical skills: Youre computer literate and technically savvy, with strong typing skills of at least 35 words-per-minute, and fluent in navigating computer systems and tools, ideally with an understanding of CRMs such as Twilio or ZenDesk, and other tools such as Slack, Zoom, Google Suite, etc
Growth oriented: You understand that an open feedback culture is there to help you grow. You challenge ideas, not people. Youre able to own up to your mistakes and you follow through when you say you will. You proactively seek out resources, information, and opportunities for development
Adaptability: Wise serves customers and supports products all over the globe, so things change quickly and often, and adaptability is vital. You take ownership over your work and you see every challenge as a learning opportunity, using all the tools and resources at your disposal to investigate issues and find solutions
Additionally: Youve got at least a high school diploma or GED equivalent, and must already be legally authorized to work in the US, we cannot provide Visa sponsorship for this role

Key benefits:

 20.50 per hour starting salary
 RSUs in a rapidly growing company 
 Hybrid working model  a mix of working from home and from the office
 Wisers can work remotely for 90 days a year. By remote we dont just mean from home, but from wherever in the world you choose to
 An annual self-development budget
 Medical, dental,  vision insurance  including HSA and FSA options
 Company-paid: Life Insurance, Short  Long-Term Disability, and an EAP program
 25 days PTO, 15 sick days, 11 paid holidays, 5 compassionate leave days, 3 Me days and 1 volunteer day, annually
 A paid 6-week sabbatical leave after four years 
18-weeks of paid parental leave, after one year with us
 401k with up to a 4 employer match
 Heres more info on our benefits in  Tampa

LI-HYBRID
BI-Hybrid
LI-CL1Salary (Hourly)20.50—20.50 USDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.