As a support engineer in the Integration Success team, youll be part of a global team whose main focus is ensuring that Wise Platform partners technical solutions are supported throughout their API integration lifecycle; youll be directly supporting partners tech teams in maintaining and developing their solutions; empowering our delivery teams in providing high-quality and robust solutions; investing in proactive observability and incident response tooling; and committing to ensuring a flawless API integration experience, for enterprise partners and public API users alike.
Challenge

Develop a deep expertise in Wise Platforms API capabilities and understand how our partners utilise them.
Offer technical support to engineers from companies and partners who are in the process of integrating with the Wise Public API.
Prioritise a partner-first approach in everything we do and constantly ask ourselves, How can we assist their tech teams in finding their own solutions?
Provide technical support to teams at all stages of their Wise Platform API implementation journey.
Take charge of the incident response lifecycle to minimise friction for our partners and hold our teams accountable for follow-up actions.
Collaborate closely with product engineering teams and offer valuable API partner and user context to drive the best possible solutions.

How We Picture You

Youre a strong communicator who can articulate complex technical concepts to a non-technical audience.
Youre passionate about bridging the gaps between the product, the tech, the solution, and the partners using it.
Youre able to prioritise and define the scope of your responsibilities, set expectations with stakeholders, and focus on response and resolution for partners.
Youre confident in reading and maintaining API documentation, testing and debugging REST APIs, interpreting logs, and querying databases. Postman and curl are a part of your toolbox. Were not looking for a developer, but youve got a strong technical knowledge across a few disciplines - particularly with REST APIs.
You are willing to travel internationally, to work and learn with product engineering, implementation delivery, customer support, and operations teams across the world.
You are humble and work well in a team with a diverse group of people from all over the globe and in different time zones.

What do we offer: 

Company Restricted Stock Units

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave
Salary (annual)81,600—118,800 SGDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.