SEO Content Sr. Specialist
Whats the role? 
Were looking for a Senior Content Specialist for the US blog to join our growing SEO Content team.
Content and SEO at Wise is about making sure we offer the best possible content and on-site experience to our customers. We dont believe in stuffing keywords in a blog article or building artificial links, but we do believe in a great copy that inspires and helps readers to find answers.
This role is ideal for candidates with senior level experience in SEO content marketing, who are passionate about blogging and content creation. 
At Wise were on a mission to empower our users to make smart financial decisions based on transparent information. Our content team is no different. We produce content and monitor its performance too, because we believe that working in SEO means that you understand how the content youre producing is helping the end user.
Your Mission

Produce SEO optimised content for our US blog, to help fuel adoption of Wise 
Revisit, optimise and improve older articles to boost their performance
Conduct keyword research to plan content that drives organic traffic to our blog and attracts new customers
Understand the wants, needs and pain points of our potential new customers
Edit copy - youre not afraid to fix copy or make direct changes when necessary
Find, coordinate, and manage a bunch of talented freelance writers
Own your content - from ideas to briefing, proofreading, editing and finally publishing articles: you will own every stage of the process
Follow frameworks - you will ensure our content follows legal, brand and PR guidelines
Have an impact - you will see directly how your actions influence our readers decisions
Communicate key insights and obstacles to the team and broader company
Youll have the opportunity to collaborate with some of our fantastic and enthusiastic  international teams, and even get to travel to some of our offices around the world  

About you 

You speak and write English on a native level (additional languages are a bonus, but this is purely an English content focused role). 
Youve got a strong interest in blogging and SEO. Digital Marketing  Journalism  PR  Link Building is a bonus but not mandatory. 
You are analytical and able to use different SEO tools (GA, GSC, Ahrefs, SEMRush and Looker (bonus)) From traffic numbers to conversion rates, you understand how to measure the performance of your work. You can work with keyword data in Excel  Google sheets. Youre able to form a clear opinion on SEO opportunities backed by data and can independently develop hypotheses explaining content performance. 
You know your way around words. From small copy changes to fixing blog articles in bulk, youll get it done.
You have a great eye for detail. From words to visuals, the final article or page will look its best. We believe that you have a good instinct for what makes content great. We trust your judgement to improve the quality of the content.
You thrive more on autonomy than structure. Youre not afraid to take responsibility and ownership of your work. You come ready-equipped with perseverance and a sizable sense of humour. 

Whats in it for you?
Help us acquire new customers for Wise in a scalable and highly cost-effective way. Thats hugely important here because, unlike our competitors, our mission is to make foreign exchange eventually free.
Youll be part of a team of exceptionally talented marketers who consistently break new ground in performance marketing.
Within Wise we operate with a great degree of autonomy, so youll be in charge of your own workload and focus areas, giving you the chance to have a huge impact on one of Europes fastest growing  most successful startups.Here is what we can offer:

  RSUs in a rapidly growing company after a year with us
 Hybrid working model  A combination of work-from-home and from the office 
  Wisers can work remotely for 90 days a year. By remote we dont just mean from home, but from wherever in the world you choose to
  An annual self-development budget
  Medical, dental,  vision insurance  including HSA and FSA options
  Company-paid: Life Insurance, Short  Long-Term Disability, and an EAP program
  25 days PTO, 15 sick days, 11 bank holidays, 5 compassionate leave days, 3 paid Me days and a paid volunteer day, annually
  A paid 6-week sabbatical leave after four years
  18-weeks of paid parental leave, after a year with us
  401k with up to a 4 employer match
 BuiltIn Award winner for Best Places to Work and Best Large Places to Work
Click HERE for more info on our benefits Austin

Who we are
Wise was founded in 2011 with a clear mission: Money without borders so people and businesses can send, spend and get paid in any currency, whenever, wherever.
Sure, the heart of what we do is international money transfer. And were committed to making it instant, convenient and fair for millions of people, all over the world. But were growing our other products and our teams at an exciting pace. And were looking for the very best to jump on board.
About our team
The SEO Content Team currently consists of 40 (and counting) amazing people, from 20 different countries who are divided over 3 offices, so were truly a team without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, qualifications arent that important to us. If youve got great experience, and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you, because we believe that diverse and inclusive teams build better products.
What its really like to work here
At Wise, we do things a bit differently. Theres no corporate nonsense, and no old-fashioned hierarchy. Instead, we work in dozens of self-sufficient, autonomous teams. Think of them like start-ups within a start-up.  
Each team picks the problems they want to solve. So, theres no micro-management. No hiding behind fancy job titles. And no one is telling you what to do. You are your own boss. But youll get tons of guidance and plenty of support from your talented, super-smart teammates.  
Were going to be upfront — the way we work doesnt suit everyone. But if freedom, and life-affirming, head-scratching professional challenges rock your world, we could be a match made in heaven.
To find out a bit more about what its like to work at Wise — plus a full run through of our employee benefits — visit our careers page.
Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, where and what you studied isnt important to us. If youve got great experience, the right skills for the role and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.
 LI-KE1Salary (annual)60,000—75,000 USDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.