Were building a scalable, high performing platform for our 16 million customers. And were looking for [Risk Interns] to join us on our mission for at least 6 months  As soon as possible.Wise is a global technology company, building the best way to move and manage the worlds money.Whether youre sending money to another country, spending money abroad, or making and receiving international business payments, Wise is on a mission to make your life easier and save you money. Since it was founded in 2010, 5,000 people work at Wise, from 125 nationalities, in 17 global locations. Check out how its like working here. Youll be part of Wises global mission to build an open, fair, and human financial system - to make money without borders the new norm. Because people without borders need money without borders.
How you will contribute to the Risk team: 

Youll help us take Wise to the next level as we scale to impact 100s of millions more customers
Youll help analysing data that helps us identify risks early and support data driven insights on risk
Participate in building cross risk dashboards, KRIs and signals for risk management
Work closely with risk teams on doing deep dives on special topics related to risks at wise andor external market participantsevents.
You will have flexibility in how and where you work. We understand everyone needs a little something different - so well do our best to make it happen

Check out how its like to be an Intern at Wise in [Alis blog]
What does it take? These things are a must:

You are graduating in 2025 from a Bachelors or Masters degree. This might be in [Finance]
You are able to start a full time Intern job in January 2024 for 6 months
Youre eligible to work in the US without sponsorship
Youre a penultimate or final year student studying a Bachelors or Masters degree. This might be in financial maths, engineering, STEM or BusinessFinance
Youre able to start an internship anywhere before  Mar 2024 that will last at least 6 months. 
Youve got knowledge of analytics fundamentals including data structures, algorithms, data analysis and statistics
Experience in usingbuilding visualisation tools, for example at least one of these: Looker or R shiny or python
You have worked independently on research project(s) that you are proud to talk about
Youre curious, keen to learn and proactive by nature
Youre open to and value feedback in order to improve

And these would be great, but arent essential:

Experience in using Snowflake or other SQL
Experience in using Python or R
Previous internship experience in fintechtech

In your 6 months:

Youll onboard and spend some time understanding your team and tribes vision. Once you know this, youll better understand how you can contribute
Understand the Wise domain
Understand the problems your team are solving
Understand how risk analytics works at Wise and what each team and tribe does and how that interplays with risk management on a day to day basis. Understand how we get things done — from idea to analysis to execution

What you get back:

Have a real impact. Solve real customer problems
Lots of team activities
Competitive salary
Fun offices with social activities - have a sneak peak of our [NYC office, Austin office]!
Embrace global connection during Mission Days
Be part of a global team with a global mindset
Salary (annual)36,000—36,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.