Your Mission
You will execute projects that impact suspensions backlogs, case resolution tooling and false positive reduction, whilst working closely with our Compliance teams around the world.
This role is a unique opportunity to balance good customer experience whilst de-risking the Sanctions Program at Wise. With Sanctions packages more prevalent than ever before, this is a very exciting time to join the team.

Heres how youll be contributing to our Mission

The role of the Screening team is to ensure that clean money movements are still instant, and suspicious money movements are dealt with appropriately. The team has the opportunity to balance customer experience with global regulatory requirements in an unprecedented macro environment. Youll be doing this at a recently public company aiming for money without borders
Youll be working closely with engineers, operations teams, compliance and analytics to design a world-class screening engine and case management system
Youll report into the Senior Product Manager for Screening, whose role is to help you find your own path to having a big impact on the Wise mission.


A bit about you

You have a proven track record of leading and delivering small-to-medium feature  product improvements from start to finish as a Project Manager  Product Owner  Implementation Manager
Youre hands on when it comes to product implementation and delivering features and projects. Youd do everything needed to make the team and the product successful. You get it done
Data-driven  You can pick up the signal from the noise. You are comfortable to dig deep into data, explore and make decisions based on insights
Youve worked closely with engineers to add impact to your domain
Youre a clear and concise communicator - working with multiple stakeholders across the globe, career trajectory includes speaking with regulators

 Beneficial, but not mandatory experience

You have FinCrime experience


Our Offer



Base salary:  46,200-59,340 gross  year base (based on experience  interview outcomes)
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs): https:www.wise.jobswhat-we-doour-offer 
Numerous amount of other benefits: https:www.wise.jobs20200702benefits-in-our-tallinn-office


Salary (annual)46.200—59.340 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.