Solution Engineer Team Lead - Wise Platform
Compensation: 200,000 - 280,000  RSUs  Benefits
Were looking for a Solutions Engineer Team Lead to join our growing team in Austin. 
Wise is one of the fastest-growing companies in Europe and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 13 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money across borders easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply. 
So, Wise is building a new one, and integrating it with partners globally.
And, we need a Solutions Engineering Lead to join our mission.
The team youll be working with: Wise Platform — Solutions Engineering
Solutions Engineering at Wise is a post sales role, focussed on working with our integrating partners to enable them to successfully launch a product based on Wises services. The role is multifaceted but includes providing technical consulting to partners, designing novel solutions to solve for their constraints and working internally to influence the product roadmap.
Wise is growing the Solutions Engineering function globally and are looking for a lead to continue building the team regionally and to support new and existing Wisers to achieve their potential. You would work across partners, your own team, Wise Platform and the wider organization to maximize your teams impact.
Your role in the team:

Youll be responsible for the overall health and productivity of your team.
Youll provide feedback on your teams approach and help them make data-driven decisions.
Youll have an overview of whats happening across the organization and think about how this impacts partners, in terms of opportunities and risks.
When needed, youll roll your sleeves up to be involved in the project delivery process.

Is that you?

Have previously worked with external parties to deliver technical projects with REST API integrations.
Experience building, leading and mentoring driven and a high performing technical delivery team.
Comfortable working on big challenges and a history of successfully delivering best in class solutions.
Experience building and designing scalable and performing systems within a microservice architecture
Expert on all things API, such as API design, Swagger, OpenAPI, OAuth2
Have a strong product mindset and be able to support others to make the right decisions and compromises.
Experience on managing client relationship and setting accurate expectations

but dont worry we dont expect you to know everything!
Nice to have bonuses:

Have worked in the payment or fintech industries.
Experience working across multiple tech stacks and frameworks.
Experience working with large incumbent partners like banks.

What does success look like in this role? 

Youll have found your place in our mission by successfully supporting the team to deliver partner solutions.
Youll understand our partners and the impact our product makes to their business and their customers.
Youll make contributions to the wider engineering goals of the company.
Youll inspire a team environment where ideas are shared and openness is valued.
Youll help us scale-up and build a world class money transfer product that impacts millions of people and businesses

What you get back:

 RSUs in a rapidly growing company 
 An annual self-development budget
 Medical, dental,  vision insurance  including HSA and FSA options
 Company-paid: Life Insurance, Short  Long-Term Disability, and an EAP program
 Hybrid working model  a mix of working from home and from the office
  Wisers can work remotely for 90 days a year. By remote we dont just mean from home, but from wherever in the world you choose to
 Relocation expenses covered
 25 days PTO, 15 sick days, 11 holidays, 5 compassionate leave days, 3 paid Me days and a paid volunteer day, annually
 A paid 6-week sabbatical leave after four years 
 18-weeks of paid parental leave, after a year with us
 401k with up to a 4 employer match 
  2023 Austin BuiltIn Best Award winner for Best Places to Work and Best Large Places to Work

Find out more about our benefits in our Austin office (Same for NYC office).
Interested? Find out more:

How we work  a practical guide
Wise Vlogs: Omar, Engineering Lead 
Engineering team blog
How our Engineers build new features

Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, qualifications arent that important to us. If youve got great experience, and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.
And because we believe that diverse teams build better products, wed especially love to hear from you if youre from an under-represented demographic.
LI-HybridLI-RA1Salary (annual)200,000—280,000 USDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.