Location and Remote Working:
This role will be based out of our Austin offices alongside our Latin America (LatAm) product teams. We see a lot of value in teams being co-located but also support a hybrid work environment - and therefore we support Wisers working from home 2 days a week. In addition, we also offer working remotely for up to 3 months every year.
Your Mission: 

Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. At this point, each month we help hundreds of thousands of customers send money to and from Latin America. 
In this role, your first mission will be making Wise even cheaper in Brazil by integrating us directly into the payment systems. You will also be responsible for the product Wise offers to consumers in Brazil. 
Youll be directly responsible for making decisions on where and how Wise deepens its products in Brazil. Youll look at existing products, identifying opportunities to improve them while also thinking about use cases Wise doesnt serve yet (such as saving and investing). Youll walk in the shoes of our customers and define what a great localised product looks like, building a seamless, intuitive product for different use cases.
Your role will primarily be as an individual contributor - executing within the Brazil team to offer great products to customers.
You will own the plans and roadmap for these domains and work with the engineering, banking, compliance and operational teams to deliver them.
Outside of Brazil, you will also participate in the wider strategy and plans of Wises expansion in emerging markets.

 

This role will give you the opportunity to:

Directly contribute to our mission to make money without borders the new normal in Latin America.
Build world-class products with a world-class product and engineering team: The role is a unique opportunity to build innovative, state-of-the-art solutions. Its also an opportunity to work with some of the smartest product thinkers in the world.
Make a real impact on peoples lives - by building world-class products you will be able to make a change on real people and how they relate to international transfers - how they pay, hold and receive funds internationally - helping people and businesses to make the best use of their money across the region.
Make autonomous decisions - we believe people are most empowered when they can act autonomously. So rather than telling you what to do, youll work with your team to create a vision of your own. Of course, you can always gather feedback from smart, curious people across Wise but youll have the freedom to make your own calls
Lead a highly cross functional team  - You will build alignment and conviction across a highly cross functional team on the path forward for consumers in the Brazilian market. 


A couple of skills that might describe you as a PM:

Youve built products at scale  Youve worked on a product with thousands or even millions of customers. Youre able to navigate the product and organisational complexity of a product at scale.
Youre able to use English as the primary work language. Wisers come from 90 nationalities whose native language is not English, so what matters is that you can understand and make yourself understood in English. You are also comfortable conversing with external stakeholders in either Portuguese or Spanish.
You have experience with financial services - You have worked on a large scale financial services product (inside or outside of the Finance industry), getting into details of the customer experience and the technical implementation.
You have experience taking existing productions from functional to delightful. You can figure out which parts of our products are letting customers down and come up with solutions to improve them.
Youre hands on  You thrive in a cross functional team. You are able to operate at many levels of detail, flipping between executing as an individual contributor and influencing the wider team. You have a superpower as an individual contributor, whether its going deep on data analysis, design, planning or engaging stakeholders.
Youre data-driven  You are able to self-serve with data, and use it to both identify opportunities and measure your impact. You can get the entire company behind you by telling stories with data.
You have fresh ideas - You dont accept the status quo, but are interested in solving problems in novel ways. You are able to communicate the impact of those ideas and formulate plans to implement them


Our Offer

Base salary: 160k - 220k gross  year base (based on experience  interview outcomes)
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs): https:www.wise.jobs20210326the-true-value-of-stock-in-a-high-growth-company-like-wise 
Numerous amount of best in class benefits: https:www.wise.jobs20211110benefits-in-our-austin-office
Fun fact: were 2023s Austin BuiltIn Best Award winner for Best Places to Work and Best Large Places to Work

Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, where and what you studied isnt important to us. If youve got great experience, the right skills for the role and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.
LI-AY LI-HybridWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.