We are looking for a capable AML Reporting Team Lead to help us to lead a team of suspicious activity reporting specialists in Tallinn. 
The role is a unique opportunity to join one of the fastest growing fintech companies in Europe and help millions of customers save money by using Wise, while contributing to fighting financial crime on a Global scale. 
 
Your mission:
 As an AML Reporting Team Lead you will have the opportunity to lead and develop a financial crime team, which is responsible for the reporting of suspicious activities. You will have ownership of making data-driven decisions, identifying  areas for improvement, seeking scalable solutions, mitigating risks and ensuring full compliance to the relevant regulations and legislations.
 
What youll get to do:

Hire, lead, develop and manage a suspicious activity reporting team; 
Measure your teams KPIs and manage capacity;
Develop effective operational processes, task allocation; 
Be accountable for quality assurance for AML reporting team, taking decisions within our policy framework;
Understand and manage training for the team on our regulatory obligations and how our processes fulfill them; 
Confidently represent the policies and processes to regulators and auditors upon need;
Communicate with customers to handle escalated or complicated cases with strong customer empathy;
Work with other teams in Wise  to ensure compliance with regulations and manage operational impact of changes with focus on operational efficiency and customer experience.;
Identify compliance risk in operational procedures and contribute to implementing changes as needed.
Other ad hoc duties that need to be done.

 
What were looking for:

Excellent verbal  written English, any other languages are a plus;
Previous team leading experience (preferably in an international business environment); 
Previous experience in AML, fraud, internal controls, audit, law enforcement or investigating suspicious activity will be beneficial;
Ability to multitask, prioritise and take responsibility in challenging situations;
Ability to build and maintain good working relationships with key stakeholders internally and externally;
Great communication and presentation skills to support internal and external projects and audits;
Good understanding of metrics and ability to analyse and move teams performance;
Target oriented and able to make data-based decisions
Proven track record of taking individual ownership and responsibilities as well as being a great team-player. 

 
What do we offer: 

Starting salary:  985 000 HUF gross per month
Stock options in a profitable company
Wellbeing support - You and your family have access to an Employee Assistance Program, where youll be able to speak to qualified counsellors for support on anything that matters to you
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave
National health insurance plan, with additional 3 health days per year, and sports allowance
Volunteering day off
Supportive and thorough onboarding program
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Budapest office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

 
If youre interested in the position, please apply for the latest by 6 November by submitting your CV and Cover Letter. Please keep in mind that we dont offer visa or relocation support for this position, therefore we accept only candidates who are eligible to work and located in Hungary. 
In your cover letter, please answer the following questions: 

Why are you interested in joining Wises AML Reporting team
What are your skills and experience that you would bring to the organisation
In your own words, why is this role important to you and your motivation for the AML Team Lead role

 
LI-LT1Salary (monthly)985 000 Ft—985 000 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.