
Wise is one the fastest growing companies in Europe and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 16 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money across borders easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply. 
So, were building a new one.
And, we need a Backend Engineer to join our mission and help us build a global product thats scalable, reliable and secure. 
The team youll be working with: Account Access  Recovery
Our Account Access  Recovery team owns and optimises the user registration journey as well as improving aspects of the login and logged-in experience. In addition, the team manages security features for our customers, making sure we protect them as they navigate Wise. In short, we work on features to make Wise more secure and easier to access. Youll be joining an amazing team solving some of Wises most challenging and unique problems, whilst influencing the most important KPIs. Surrounded by iOS and Android developers, front-end engineers, and back-end engineers, youll be able to leverage a wealth of knowledge across experienced individuals while having fun!
What does it take?:  

A product mindset and passion for user experience. You want to prioritise work with customers in mind and can make data-driven decisions to fix customer pain-points
Great communication skills and the ability to articulate complex, technical concepts to any audience, even a non-technical one
Java (8) or Kotlin experience and, ideally, experience with Spring framework
Experience working with relational databases, query optimisation and schema design. Ideally, youll also have some experience with a few non-relational databases
Reliance on automated tests and observability tooling to increase confidence building and maintaining services
Experience with distributed systems - you know a thing or two about microservices, messaging systems like Kafka and how to design software with their possibilities and constraints in mind
You have tried different software development methodologies and have found that there is no silver bullet - you prefer to think deeply about a problem and then decide on what structure and patterns to use to solve it.
Youre kind and empathetic, relying on and supporting the rest of the team for discussions and code or design reviews. 

What does success look like?

You understand and can explain the problems people and businesses have when moving and managing money internationally
You can explain the impact your work has on our customers and our mission
You know where and how you can contribute to the Wise mission, in the context of your team and tribe
You raise the automation level across our product, helping us drop prices even further
You build leverage for other engineers and Wisers by improving tooling, documentation and processes as part of your daily work
You contribute to creating a world class product by finding and building solutions to technical and product challenges

Find out more about our benefits in our Budapest office.
Interested? Find out more:
 How we work - a practical guide Wise Vlogs: Omar, Engineering Lead  The Wise Tech Stack, 2022 edition Our Engineering career map Engineering career journeys at Wise
...or check out our Engineering blog
LI-AT1Salary (monthly)1 150 000 Ft—1 500 000 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.