At Wise we believe that people who are closest to risks are the best placed to identify and address these. We are looking for an experienced Product Compliance lead to join the Wise team, who will work across our product and compliance teams to take the Company to the next level by ensuring we maintain a state-of-the-art global Know Your Customer (KYC)  program. This person will specifically focus on making sure our products and licenses are growing while balancing compliance requirements and risk.
Your mission: 

Be an expert at evaluating compliance requirements associated with KYC regulations
Comfortable assessing the KYC risks of new products andor licence launches. Upskilling yourself and the product teams on the risks and regulations
Good understanding of other FinCrime controls (e.g AML, Fraud, Screening) and how the customers KYC interacts with them
Excellent communicator that can explain compliance and risk requirements to non-compliance stakeholders both inside and outside of Wise
Problem solving mindset with a focus on unlocking growth while balancing risk and compliance. Ability to explain our controls approach to 2LOD and manage operational compliance impact ahead of new product launches
Proactive nature that ensures we have the right KYC controls in place to launch and grow our products. As required ability to implement risk mitigation strategies and develop approaches to scale our products

A bit about you
We are looking for someone passionate about payments, fintech and compliance risk management and with an eye on the future. You should have: 

We are looking for someone passionate about payments, fintech and compliance risk management and with an eye on the future. You should have:
Minimum 10 years working in a financial institution 
Minimum 5 years focused on financial crime compliance. Plus if you have supported teams operationalising KYC controls.
Experience collaborating with various stakeholders such as product, operations, and other compliance teams
A problem-solving mindset with the ability to explain control effectiveness using data
Clear communication, project coordination, and management skills
A sense of camaraderie and good humour while under pressure or tight deadlines
Wisdom, a world view and talent for thinking outside the box
Professionalism and high integrity
Willingness to question teams and themselves on how to best serve our customers, while keeping processes robust and compliant!
25 international travel required

What we offer in return:

Generous stock options package
Lots of awesome Wise benefits
Salary (annual)108,000—140,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.