Were looking for Law Enforcement Officers to join our growing Law Enforcement team in Tallinn. This role is a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission, grow as a specialist in fighting against financial crime and help save millions of more people money.
Your mission: 
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. 
A bit about the job:
Wises fast-growing and international Law Enforcement team is looking for a team member to join our growing team in Tallinn. 
Our team is responsible for processing incoming information requests from different law enforcement agencies and the role requires someone who is diligent and detail oriented. We are looking for someone who is a good team player and isnt afraid to take responsibility. We have a lot of excitement in our work, but you should also be able to tolerate some level of routine. 
 
Heres how youll be contributing to our team:

Processing information requests in accordance with internal guidelines
Investigating requests and gathering data 
Filing suspicious activity reports where required
Maintaining a good working relationship with law enforcement agencies 

About you:

Youre based and legally authorised to work in Estonia, Tallinn
Youve excellent written and verbal communication skills in English
Youve got strong attention to detail
Youre able to make decisions and judgement calls on your own
Youre a proactive team player who knows how to prioritise work and is willing to get things done.
Youre able to multi-task and take responsibility in difficult situations

If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV and cover letter in English. In your cover letter please answer why you want to join Wises Law Enforcement team?
Please note that an application without a cover letter will not be considered!
NB! Please only apply if youre located and legally authorised to work in Estonia.
What do we offer: 

Salary: 2000 EUR gross
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Tallinn office

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

LI-LT1Salary (monthly)2.000—2.000 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.