Were looking for a Customer Support Team Lead to add some additional leadership power and experience to our Customer Support teams in our Tokyo office. This role is a unique opportunity to build a strong team, develop processes that put our customers first, and provide continuous feedback from our customers to various product development teams to help millions more potential customers save money by using Wise! 
Youll receive a competitive package including an annual salary and stock options in a fast-growing company, amongst a wide array of other benefits. 
Your mission:

Develop and build a strong team of efficient CS Agents who provide world-class support to our customers
Help your team members find their path in Wise and set them up for success, while working with your lead to do the same, potentially growing into a Senior Team Lead role
Help set and report against monthly and quarterly performance targets, communicate key insights, and obstacles to the teams and the broader company
Work closely with other Customer Support teams across the world, and the Wise product teams, to identify ways to improve the customer support experience while reducing customer contacts through product changes
Increase quality, effectiveness, and efficiency within Customer Support, as well as collaborate and communicate between varied Wise functions and teams across the globe
Help your team focus on why theyre doing what theyre doing, and also make sure they can see how their work helps to bring us closer to our mission
Build the teams culture and set a great example by living our values on a daily basis

 
This role will give you the opportunity to:

Make an Impact - Youll fuel this revolution by setting the standard of exceptional service for our customers. Our CS Agents are the first point of contact for our customers, so youll empower them with the tools required for our level of service and youll be there to help them develop along the way. Were all about intellectual curiosity, growth, and a solution-oriented mindset, because after all, this isnt just a job to us!
Be Yourself - Were looking for Team Leads who have friendly personalities that are fun to work with! We hire smart people and we trust them, because were not interested in drama, only good Karma!
Work Globally - Our customers are all over the world and our team members are just as diverse. Were 4000 Wisers strong, with 90 nationalities working in offices from Tampa to Tokyo, and several places in-between. Much like our product, we work across borders and teams to take care of our customers, because they come first and we make no compromises on that!
Inspire Teams - With your leadership style, bright ideas, knowledge, self-starting attitude, and customer insight, youll directly drive innovation and help us make money borderless! Whether youre building growth paths for your team or working with a product team to offer expert insight on a feature, whatever the mission, we get it done!

 
A bit about you:

You hold Japanese citizenship, Permanent Residency or ChildSpouse of Japanese Citizen Visa (please note we cannot support some Visas for this role)
Youre Ideally a Japanese native speaker (or have JLPT N1 if non-native) with Strong English capabilities (at least Business level English)
Youre experienced. Youve got a proven track record as a people Lead in Customer Service, or a customer-facing Operations team - this is a requirement 
Youre passionate. About customer experience, technology, leading people, and building teams. These arent just lines on a job description, you genuinely enjoy your work
Youre reliable. Youve got the ability to multi-task and you take responsibility in challenging situations. You can manage, delegate, and oversee cross-team projects 
Youre data-driven. You can dive into numbers to support process improvements, prioritization, and forecasting 
Youre a self-starter. With a proven track record of taking individual ownership and responsibilities beyond your main daily duties, youve got a radar for finding areas of improvement and then you get things done
Youre an exceptional communicator. Nothing falls through the cracks with your cross-team communication and listening skills, youre a master presenter, and youre calm and comfortable when either giving or receiving feedback

Some extra skills that would be awesome: 

Any additional languages are always welcome

 
Key Details
Office: Otemachi, Tokyo
Key Benefits: 

Monthly salary starting from 7,075,000 JPY (gross)
Restricted Stock Units in a profitable company
Flexible working  whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Medical insurance
Annual Medical Checks
Weekly team lunches 
A fun work environment with social activities and events
Loads of development opportunities 
The opportunity to work with super smart, curious people

And much more  check out more about our offer here.
 
Please note: Only applications with both a resume and cover letter will be considered.
Please answer the following topics in your cover letter:

What makes you the best candidate for the role? 
How do you imagine the role and what in your past experience has best prepared you for this?
Provide an example of when you have led the implementation of a project, process change, or an initiative.

Pro Tips: Try to be specific in your cover letter. If you have projects youve led or things youre proud of, explain the what, how and why. Bring examples. This is your chance to introduce yourself to us and were looking for the right person, beyond just whats in your resume.
 
A bit about Wise:Since 2011, weve had a clear mission: money without borders. Built by and for people who live global lives, were the fairest, easiest way to manage your money across borders.Were just at the beginning of our story and were growing at an incredible pace. We wont stop until anyone, anywhere can send, spend and receive money wherever they are, whatever theyre doing. Theres still heaps to do and we cant do it alone.Our People:At Wise, youll be joining a movement of people who believe in a better, fairer, more transparent way of moving money around the world. Youll collaborate to do your best work and take on problems that no one has looked at before.If youre keen to learn, grow, try new things and arent afraid of a bold plan, youll fit right in.How we work:At Wise our strategy emerges from the collective brainpower of all our people, who are organised in dozens of independent, autonomous teams. Teams stay closest to our customers, so they choose what problems to solve and where to spend the most time.Youll experience radical levels of ownership and empowerment within your role. Plus the opportunity to see the direct impact of your work on our customers.
 
 
Skype
5000 








   
 



 　




 -  
 - 
 -  4000 90 
 - 

:

 ()　
 ( JLPTN1)
   - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
  - 

:













7,075,000 (gross






2　





 


()

 

3


What makes you the best candidate for the role? 
How do you imagine the role and what in your past experience has best prepared you for this?
Provide an example of when you have led the implementation of a project, process change, or an initiative.

 

 adjustmentswise.com 
LI-DK29Salary (annual)7,075,000—7,700,000 JPYWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.