Associate Technical Product Manager - Data Platform
Wise is one the fastest growing companies in Europe and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 16 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money across borders easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply. 
So, were building a new one.
Our mission is money without borders  instant, convenient, transparent and eventually free. We are building the worlds first true multi-currency banking infrastructure which is based on robust foundations that evolve as the needs of our business and users change. To achieve this, we think about our underlying platform as a product, taking into consideration the user needs and outcomes we want to achieve with each service.
This role is a unique opportunity to develop your product skills and technical knowledge at a significant scale. By building a platform that enables our engineers to deliver new features with high quality even faster, your contributions will have a major impact on Wises mission.
Platform is a broad domain covering data, compute, networking, CICD, SRE, developer experience and much more. We want our APMs to keep a laser focus on one or two teams at a time but to move on and gain experience across a wide cross section of the platform tribe long term. This kind of experience and exposure is hard to find at such a rapidly scaling business and technology stack.
We are looking for an Associate Technical Product Manager who can develop a product strategy and mindset in our Database Engineering  Database Platform team. 
As a TPM for Data you will be involved in:
Strategic Thinking: You will be instrumental in shaping the long-term strategy and driving the quarterly roadmap for data discovery and observability, specifically tailored to the needs of a Database Engineering team.
Customer Engagement: You will establish robust relationships with stakeholders and users across the organisation, ensuring their needs and feedback are effectively communicated to your team.
Promoting Data Culture: You will inspire data owners throughout the company to consistently improve the central data repositories on our platform, thereby facilitating the entire business to leverage our extensive data resources.
Alignment, Prioritisation, and Measurement: You will employ OKRs and agile methodologies to segment work with your team, deliver continuous value to the business, and consistently measure outcomes against your team and business objectives.
Collaboration and Knowledge Sharing: You will collaborate closely with other Product and Engineering Managers across the organisation to align work, reduce dependencies, and accelerate progress.
Heres how youll be expected to contribute to our platform:

Develop a comprehensive understanding of the diverse needs of your stakeholders across the organisation, focusing on their use cases for operational data and databases.
Define their problems and requirements, identifying common areas of concernbenefit and working with stakeholders to understand the impact of these areas.
Proactively identify, prioritise and execute on the workflows which automate tedious and repetitive tasks. 
Collaborate with your engineering team to integrate with data discovery platforms, governance platforms, and analytics platforms.
Break down and prioritise tasks by quantifying cost and effort against the benefit to the business and your customers.
Collaborate with stakeholders to ensure your priority decisions align with the strategic goals of the database platform team.
Prioritise the development of self service capabilities to improve the user experience of our database platforms.

About you:

You have a passion for the entire product development lifecycle and a strong affinity for data.
Some hands-on experience as an Engineer, Data Engineer, DBA, SRE, or System Administrator. 
Comfortable collaborating with engineers and business users, with experience working with data engineering, analytics, or data science teams.
Enjoy deciphering complex domains and sharing that understanding.
Strong analytical skills, enabling you to navigate complex system-design challenges to find innovative solutions using both quantitative and qualitative information.
Creativity in problem-solving, with an understanding that the most complex solution isnt always the best.
Ability to simplify complex technical concepts for stakeholders at all levels.
Proficient in communicating your ideas, knowing when its best to write, say, or show something.
Adaptability to the dynamic nature of teamwork in a fast-paced environment, with the ability to pivot to new priorities effectively.

Some extra skills that would set you apart:

Experience as a Data Product Owner 
Experience using or building data platform products.
Familiarity with Looker and Superset.
Experience working with large-scale data, preferably with knowledge of OLTP Databases.
Experience with data cloud platforms, ideally RDS or CloudSQL.
Are comfortable using Python or SQL to do deep dives into data.

 
This role will give you the opportunity to:

Never be bored: Youll get to work on an evolving set of problems, from internal developer experience to deeply technical infrastructure development.
Learn your path to impact - we believe people are most empowered when they can act autonomously. So rather than telling you what to do, youll work with your lead and teams around you to find your own route to impact the mission.
Work with experienced product managers, engineering leads, engineers and analysts to develop your skills at an enterprise scale.

What do we offer: 

Starting salary: 55,000-70,000
Numerous great benefits in our London office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

 
Find out more:

Wise Tech Stack (2022 edition)
Platform Engineering KPIs
Life in the Wise Platform Tribe as a PM 
Platforms as a Product

 Salary (annual)55,000—70,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.