Were looking for an AML Investigator to join our growing AML Investigation team in Budapest. This role is a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission, grow as a specialist in anti-money laundering and help save millions more people money.
Your mission: 
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. Your mission is to protect customers and Wise by investigating and reporting suspicious activity.
Heres how youll be contributing to the AML Investigations team:


Carry out reviews on alerted accounts on the basis of both internal and external information


Assess actual payment activity and payment patterns


Obtain further supporting information to mitigate MLTF concerns


Request and analyse supporting documents when needed


Take ownership of an individual investigation and escalating any suspicious activity in accordance with internal procedures


Participate in an active feedback loop between the AML Investigation team and the developersproduct teams to improve our product quality from a compliance perspective


Other ad hoc duties that need to be done.


About you: 


Youre eligible to work in Hungary


Your verbal and written English skills are excellent


You have an exceptionally inquisitive mind. You are always looking out for more information where available, however, you are able to cut through the noise


You have a great eye for detail. You are meticulous and can look at information with factual precision


You have exceptional logical thinking. You are naturally able to interpret data and draw logical conclusions


You have great communication skills, both written and verbal. You are able to express your thoughts concisely and logically


Youre able to articulate and justify your decisions. You are confident and comfortable making independent judgement calls


Youre able to work under pressure. You can multitask efficiently and take responsibility in challenging situations


Youre curious, keen to learn and proactive by nature


Youre a true team player but happy working alone on independent projects


Youre open to and value feedback in order to improve


Previous experience in AML or investigating suspicious activity will be beneficial.


 
PS! If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV and cover letter in English. In your cover letter please explain why you want to join the Anti-Money Laundering Investigations team and what makes you a good candidate for it. Please note that an application without a cover letter will not be considered!
 
What do we offer: 


Starting salary:  710000 HUF


Company Restricted Stock Units


Numerous great benefits in our Budapest office - change link 


Key benefits:


Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible


Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities


6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave


LI-LT1Salary (monthly)710 000 Ft—710 000 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.