Wise TINV Europe AS is looking for a senior financial crime manager to join its oversight function in Tallinn. This role will be working alongside the Compliance Officer of TINV Europe in a small but highly effective team in second line compliance. In this role you will be responsible for ensuring the effective mitigation of financial crime risks through the maintenance of adequate systems and controls.
DUTIES

Supervise TINV Europes adherence to all relevant FinCrime aspects of European and Estonian law;
Overseeing the approval of high-risk customers;
Supervision of TINV Europes controls to ensure that the FinCrime risks are taken into account in the day-to-day operation;
Development and maintenance of the compliance FinCrime oversight framework;
Carry out horizon scanning and gap analysis for any FinCrime related regulatory changes; 
Managing  TINV Europes FinCrime reporting obligations (oversight of SARs and prudential reporting to the FI)
Preparation of the quarterly FinCrime compliance reports to the Management and Supervisory Boards of TINV Europe;
Representing FinCrime compliance oversight both internally and externally to regulators, auditors and partners as required.

REQUIREMENTS
Theory. 

You are an expert in AMLCFT and sanctions compliance, the relevant applicable European and Estonian regulations and may be currently working or have worked within the area of financial crime compliance preferably in a fast paced environment;
You are preferably familiar with the European and Estonian regulations on investment services (MiFID II, the Estonian Securities Market Act, IFR). 

Practice. 

You have demonstrable experience designing and challenging processes, ideally across multiple products. You have thought deeply about the Wises mission and how it intersects with compliance;
You preferably have experience with managing FinCrime risks in relation to investment products;
Demonstrated track record of second line of defence independence and challenge escalation where concerns are felt.

Passion. You get a kick out of improving current practices and processes and can apply different compliance strategies to develop appropriate compliance frameworks.
Communication. You are a comfortable and effective communicator in both your writing and speaking. You can convey complex ideas effectively to both internal and external audiences.
Get the job done. You have a sense of urgency and an ability to work well under pressure, prioritising, taking responsibility and working to tight deadlines.
Detail. You have meticulous attention to detail and if youve skimmed through without reading this bullet point, Im sure a bank would love to have you. 
Team player. You have great people skills and can effectively and efficiently collaborate, build relationships with colleagues throughout the business and across the globe.
Languages: Fluency in Estonian and English is a requirement
Travel. You must be willing to travel to our other offices as required (once per quarter)
What do we offer: 

Salary: 3100 - 4100 EUR
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Tallinn office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

LI-JB1Salary (monthly)3.100—4.100 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.