Were looking for a Legal Counsel to join our growing Legal Team in London. 
This role is a unique opportunity to build on your capital markets and derivatives experience, help deliver Wises mission of money without borders, grow as a lawyer in a fast-paced listed company environment and help millions more people save money.
Your mission: 
Wise continues to pioneer new ways for people to send, spend and manage their money across borders and currencies. 
Your mission is to support the legal function within the Wise group to help take the business to the next level. 
About the role: 

Provide advice and work closely with a range of stakeholders on corporate debt finance and corporate treasury matters, including Treasury, Finance, Banking and Expansion, Risk, Compliance, Operations and various Boards and committees.  
Provide advice on general corporate matters such as corporate disclosures, MA transactions, group structuring and general finance transactions and arrangements.
Provide advice on regulatory issues such as anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and corruption and sanctions 
Build relationships with multiple business units across the Company to provide practical advice on a wide range of legal matters and strategic projects including ad hoc advice on financial and consumer regulations, banking arrangements, new products, partnerships, employment etc.
Structure, draft, and negotiate commercial documents.
Collaborate with multiple business teams to launch innovative products, services and partnerships
Identify, assess, manage and report the risks to the business and provide practical advice solutions to reduce or mitigate risk. 
Work with the Legal Team (based in London, New York, Tallinn, Singapore, Brussels and So Paulo) to deliver initiatives that will impact the wider group.
Report to Head of Legal - UK  Europe.

This role will give you the opportunity to: 

Choose your path to impact - we believe people are most empowered when they can act autonomously. So rather than being told what to do, youll take ownership from day one. Of course, you will have feedback from smart, curious people across Wise but youll experience unique levels of ownership and empowerment within your role.
Be part of our mission to make money without borders the new normal

About you: 

UK qualified lawyer with 4 to 6 years PQE.
Experience in the banking or payments industry and, ideally, providing support to the treasury function on capital funding structures and financing transactions, including derivatives and guarantees.
Knowledge of financing structures, treasury and debt capital markets. 
Ability to navigate difficult issues and multiple stakeholders, advising the business on key risks, and developing solutions.
Ability to evaluate and summarise legal advice and communicate advice in a succinct and pragmatic way to different areas of the business.
Demonstrable experience in contract structuring, drafting, and negotiation.
Knowledge of how fast growth companies work - how to balance between maturity in corporate governance and operations, and the practical considerations of fast growth and scaling.
Have a get-it-done, collaborative approach to problem solving.. 

What do we offer: 

Starting salary: 95k
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our London office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

If youre interested in the position, please apply for the latest 06.11 by submitting your CV.Salary (annual)95,000—115,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.