So, whats the role?
We are looking for a highly motivated individual to join our Corporate Treasury Team. Your key responsibilities evolve around the development, implementation and execution of our counterparty risk and bank account management framework so that the risks are monitored in a sound environment. You will be assessing and monitoring the credit quality of our counterparties and Wises exposures according to Wises counterparty risk appetite. You will also play a key role as part of our BAAM team (Bank account and access management) to ensure effective operation of the controls over bank account and user access management at Wise. Your work is very cross-functional hence a high level of cross-team collaboration with a high number of stakeholders is critical.
What Youll Be Doing

Maintain a complete list of our counterparties and bank accounts
Assess and monitor the credit quality of our counterparties including understanding their credit ratings and analysing the financial statements
Monitor our counterparties exposures based on assigned limits and calculate the risk as part of the capital adequacy assessment
Work closely with Customer Treasury and Banking teams as part of the risk management process especially during a risk incident
Monitor the counterparty risk KPIs, limit breaches and report the results to ALCO
Prepare monthly reporting materials
Support in the due diligence process in relation to counterparty risk
Contribute to the development and centralisation of controls around the BAAM processes
Implement the new BAAM governance framework across the Group and work collaboratively with relevant stakeholders to ensure high alignment in terms of control operation
Support in the development and changes in the control environment according to the overall business requirements
Liaise with internal and external auditors to address any audit requests and queries
Support Corporate Treasury function on other ad-hoc projects when required

What we are looking for:

A candidate with proven experience in the corporate treasury environment especially control operations in mitigating financial risks
In depth understanding of financial risk management and treasury best practices
Relevant credit risk management experience, specifically geared towards analysis and understanding of private and unrated counterparties.
Good experience in analysing credit risk metrics, as well as credit risk mitigation techniques.
Knowledge and understanding of internal credit rating models and methodologies, as well as credit risk monitoring approaches
Previous experience in managing multiple bank accounts (500) across different regions and setting up a control governance framework.

Skills:

A self-starter with the ability to work independently in a self-directed way to thrive in a collaborative, team oriented, and fast-paced environment.
Strong analytical skills to handle high volume set of data with great attention to detail
Strong organisational skills with the ability to multitask, prioritise and work to tight deadlines
Ability to establish partnerships across the organisation and build effective work groups with teams like Banking, Product Treasury, Internal Controls and Payment Operations
Strong communications skills, verbal and written, including ability to summarise key messages for senior management presentations.
Basic knowledge and some working experience in data query and visualisation including SQL, Excel VBA and Snowflake
Relevant professional qualification such as ACT, CIMA, ACCA, ACA is desirable but not mandatory.

What do we offer: 

Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Budapest office 

Key benefits:

Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave
Flexible working 

If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV.
 Salary (monthly)1 050 000 Ft—1 225 000 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.