Wise are looking for an experienced MLRO to join our Compliance team, based in our London office. Were looking for a customer minded and goal-oriented leader to help us on our way to achieving our mission.
As MLRO, youll have a significant opportunity for impact from owning the build and maintenance of AML systems and controls to defining the FinCrime oversight strategy that protects our customers and helps our products scale. You cant do it alone though, youll work holistically with first line teams across Wise and lead on bringing teams together to make it all happen. 
 
The MLRO  responsibilities include:

Oversee, and support the development and maintenance of Wises  anti-financial crime strategy. A large part of this means that you will be responsible for ensuring that FinCrime regulatory obligations are understood and that there are controls in place to comply with these obligations across Wise. 
Independently assess and communicate the health of the financial crime framework to the WPL Board.
Development and maintenance of an impactful AML CTF training programme, that drives positive behavioural change.
Ensuring all external reporting obligations are met and that reports are investigated, recorded and  appropriately reported.Represent Wise, to external auditors, regulators and banking partners globally as needed. 
Ensure that financial crime risks are  adequately considered in everything that we do at Wise, such as the development of new products and launching,

Requirements:

 Solid background and knowledge in UK financial crime regulatory framework, including the UKs financial sanctions regime and fraud legislation. 
 Growth Mindset - you are passionate about expanding and growing  Wise, in a compliant, solutions-driven manner.
 Will have a proven track record of leading and building effective teams with diverse skill sets and broad functional expertise.
 Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build relationships with internal and external stakeholders, including teams outside of the compliance function.
Excellent negotiator with the ability to bring teams and people with diverse ways of thinking together.
 Ability to work in a fast-paced and time sensitive environment, and handle multiple tasks simultaneously.

Expectations of leaders at Wise:
Leading at Wise, like a lot of other things, is quite unique. Our teams and individuals have the autonomy to make impactful decisions for our customers. Our leads enable the team and people to deliver impact and champion our culture.
LEAD - Define the direction and empower your team to work interdependently to achieve goals in an autonomous environment.
DELIVER - Make sure the team is data-driven to make the most impact for our customers.
DEVELOP - Create an environment focused on the ongoing development of your team through knowledge sharing and feedback.
NURTURE - Build a culture where your team can have maximum impact by being and challenging themselves.
What do we offer: 

Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our London office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

 Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.