At Wise, our focus is to go beyond delivering training as standalone events and instead deliver engaging learning experiences designed to help our teams achieve our Mission. Our initiatives span across leadership development, learning tech, regulatory training and bespoke function-specific learning solutions. These initiatives are built for global audiences and have regional roll-out strategies. 
Tallinn is our biggest office, and there is a high demand to deliver leadership development and team coaching across functions. Were looking for an experienced, self-driven and proactive Learning and Development Lead to join the People team in our Tallinn office. Reporting into the Learning and Development Senior Lead, this is an individual contributor role with scope for leading a team in the future.
Your Mission

Design, develop, and deliver impactful, high quality learning experiences at scale for leads and Wisers across varying levels of experience and domain expertise
Be the primary facilitator for delivering our in-person initiatives in Tallinn and collaborate with the wider team (based in London, Tallinn, Budapest, Tampa, Austin or Singapore) to support our rollouts virtually. These initiatives cover a broad range from company onboarding, leadership development, team coaching on topics like team healthdynamics, ways of working, etc.
Proactively coach and guide all employees on learning, development, career and growth matters in their respective region 
Analyse and readily demonstrate the real impact of learning in a data-driven environment and shape solutions that scale 
Collaborate with Learning and People Partners to gain insight into specific regionallocal needs
Support functional subject matter experts to lead their own functional learning products and initiatives or create bespoke solutions in collaboration 
Mentor more junior team members in LD best practices, and help streamline ways of working
Work with our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) team to actively drive our DEI strategy through training and development. Support Wise initiatives and actively contribute to embed DEI best practice across our processes.

 
This role will give you the opportunity to: 

Work internationally with very talented people across learning and development, as well as other key functions within and outside the People Team.  This role offers a lot of variety and scope, giving you access to make an impact at scale at Wise.
Build your own path to success with the freedom to try out many things and have full responsibility and ownership to execute. This isnt a job for someone who wants to maintain the status quo. Instead this role would suit someone who wants to solve problems, work at pace and with impact.
Have real, significant impact through hands-on learning and development delivery for one of the fastest growing financial technology companies globally. The job itself will grow significantly over time, so will provide many personal growth opportunities.
Use all your experience and skills to bring new thinking and ideas to how we evolve self-directed professional and leadership learning at scale.
Be part of a global team who brings our culture and how we work into all of our development products and activities.
Be part of our mission to make money without borders the new normal

 
About you
Youll be someone with experience of learning and development in high growth businesses. Although this role may not necessarily require it immediately, it would be preferable if you already had some experience of leading people. Youll be looking to take a hands-on role, helping us continue to build development products and solutions that reinforce how we work, our values and our mission as a company. 

Strong facilitation and coaching skills, and performance consulting - youll go beyond typical LD solutions, you will solve real business problems beyond just training and learning 
Designed, developed and delivered impactful LD solutions at scale for leads across different levels.
Worked in a high growth, international company - this will help you know how to deal with ambiguity, shifting priorities and designing development solutions that reinforce our cultural diversity 
Managed and influenced a variety of stakeholders - youll be used to working with all types of people, talking 1 to 1 or engaging with a large audience or influencing stakeholders at any level
Project management and change management mastery - youve planned, scoped and implemented large scale projects or change initiatives, so youll know how to scope a problem and craft a phased plan, often with an MVP or product development approach. Youre not afraid of rolling up your sleeves to make delivery happen 
Talent analytics - you love measuring your impact through real goals and outcome based thinking, metrics and KPIs to demonstrate real results for individuals, teams and the company
Creative problem solver - were not a one size fits all kind of business and were not looking for off-the-shelf solutions - we need you to think creatively and apply industry trendsbest practices to help us find good solutions to problems that are anything but clear-cut

What do we offer: 

Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Tallinn office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV. Salary (monthly)3.080—3.830 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.