The CS CI Lead plays a crucial role in helping reach Mission 0 by making sure that the companys Customer Support operations are optimised to deliver exceptional value to customers while driving sustainable and scalable growth.
The CS CI Lead  is responsible for leading a team of CI Specialists to achieve process excellence by identifying and removing waste from Customer Support processes. The CI Lead plays a crucial role in driving continuous improvement initiatives and ensuring the teams focus on key performance indicators (KPIs), including escalation rate, handling time, resolution time, and resolution rate. This role also involves providing leadership and coordination to achieve strategic objectives and maintain effective cross-functional collaborations.
Responsibilities:

 Lead and manage a team of 3-4 CI Specialists, providing guidance, coaching, and support to drive their professional growth and achieve team objectives.
 Support the Senior CI Lead in defining the strategic roadmap for continuous improvement initiatives and prioritise projects based on impact and alignment with business goals.
 Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including Product, Operational teams (CS, FinCrime, KYC, Payment OPS), and supporting functions (Core Compliance, Knowledge Management, Quality, Workforce Management), to identify operational inefficiencies and design and implement process improvement projects.
 Own the end-to-end process improvement projects, from ideation to implementation, ensuring timely delivery and successful outcomes.
 Develop and maintain roadmaps, milestones, and project plans, anticipating and managing risks and resolving technical and operational challenges.
 Establish and maintain processes, communication forums, reporting formats, and tools to facilitate efficient and scalable operations.
 Conduct standups, workshops, and workgroup meetings to drive collaboration, identify action items, and address any blockers that may arise during program or project execution.
 Streamline workflows and project management tools, leveraging best practices and innovative approaches to enhance operational efficiency.
 Act as a trusted and reliable partner to stakeholders, fostering strong relationships, understanding their needs, and providing proactive support and guidance.
 Communicate project status, progress, and key insights to stakeholders, managing their expectations effectively.
 Apply Six Sigma LEAN methodology, promoting a culture of continuous improvement and providing guidance on process optimization.
 Continuously monitor and analyse KPIs, including escalation rate, handling time, resolution time, and resolution rate, to identify trends, areas for improvement, and opportunities to enhance performance.

Requirements:

 Bachelors degree in Engineering, Computer Science, other technical or analytical fields, or equivalent practical experience.
 4 years of experience working in programproject management, operations, or a similar cross-functional role in the technology or financial sector.
 Proven leadership skills with the ability to lead and inspire a team of professionals.
 Strong organisational skills, attention to detail, and a results-driven mindset.
 Experience working with and coordinating operations of interdisciplinary working groups.
 Self-starter with the ability to understand the details of complex, cross-functional projects and translate them into actionable project plans.
 Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills, both written and verbal.
 Comfortable working with complex datasets in a Customer support environment, demonstrating high attention to detail.
 Ability to simplify operational and informational complexity and effectively communicate with diverse stakeholders.
 Must be legally authorised to work in Hungary.
 Clean police report (Erklcsi bizonytvny).

Preferred Qualifications:

 Knowledge of SQL, Excel, Looker, andor similar data analysis and reporting tools.
 Experience working in a high-growth startup, preferably in the fintech industry.
 Familiarity with product-led organisations and experience working closely with product and development teams.
 Working knowledge of project and workstream management tools such as Confluence, Asana, Jira, or other project management tools.
 Agile Project Management, PMI - PMP certification, andor LEAN certifications are a big plus but not required.

Key benefits:

Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Budapest office 
Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV .Salary (monthly)950 000 Ft—1 225 000 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.