Physical Security Specialist, Austin, Texas
 
Wise is one the fastest growing companies in Europe and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 11 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money across borders easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply. 
So, were building a new one.
What youll be working on
You will be working as part of the Security squad in our Physical Security subteam. This team is focused on the technical physical security side - facilities access, expansions and cameras. The Physical Security team is responsible for securing Wise office spaces and ensuring our staff are able to work in a secure environment. The team focuses on a wide range of physical security items, from creating policy for the whole business, technical low voltage works, expansions and training for employees. 
 
Must haves

Passionate and knowledgeable about Physical Security - including standards, best practices and local regulations. 
Good communication skill (both written and spoken), technical writing, presentation and organisational skills
Knowledge and experience of both CCTV and access management systems - both from a hardware (readers, cards, locks, cameras) and a software (programming, troubleshooting) perspective.
 Able to support the team by assisting in the design, planning, installation and maintenance of access control systems, CCTV and any other physical security devices across Wise office space.
Able to work independently and prioritise multiple tasks and adapt to needed changes 
Able to maintain professional composure when dealing with unusual and stressful circumstances
Able to keep up to date with technology and standards of physical security.
Knowledgeable about physical security risks, issues and how to mitigatemanage them 
Have a keen eye and have excellent attention to detail
Knowledgeable about conducting security investigations and dealing with incidents
Be open, communicative, and fun to work with
A team player, able to work with different teams and grow and develop good working relationships within the physical security team and the wider business
A travel enthusiast willing to travel for work, support colleagues and learn.  
Able to educate and instruct physical security topics to a wide variety of audiences 

Nice to haves

Experience with drawing surveillance camera architecture and network diagrams, also access control system diagrams with readers and controllers
Low voltage cabling and electronics understanding 
Experience with our technical stack 

What you get back:
Key Benefits:

  RSUs in a rapidly growing company 
 Hybrid working model  a mix of working from home and from the office
  Wisers can work remotely for 90 days a year. By remote we dont just mean from home, but from wherever in the world you choose to
  An annual self-development budget
  Medical, dental,  vision insurance  including HSA and FSA options
  Company-paid: Life Insurance, Short  Long-Term Disability, and an EAP program
  25 days PTO, 15 sick days, 11 holidays, 5 compassionate leave days, 3 paid Me days and a paid volunteer day, annually
  A paid 6-week sabbatical leave after four years
  18-weeks of paid parental leave, after a year with us
  401k with up to a 4 employer match
  Heres more info on our benefits in Austin

Find out more about our Austin, Texas office. 
Interested? Find out more:

 How we work - a practical guide
 The Wise Tech Stack, 2020 edition
 The true value of stock

Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, qualifications arent that important to us. If youve got great experience, and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.
And because we believe that diverse teams build better products, wed especially love to hear from you if youre from an under-represented demographic.
LI-RA1
 Salary (annual)105,000—130,250 USDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.