Wise is one the fastest growing companies in Europe and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 15 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money across borders easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply. 
So, were building a new one and were looking for a talented Backend Engineer to join the mission.
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. 
The team youll be working with: Compliance Reporting team 
Compliance reporting product teams main responsibility is to prepare and send out reports about Wise customers who are suspected of committing a financial crime.We make sure that data in the reports is consistently accurate, high quality and prepared on-time to meet timely reporting obligations with Wise partners, law enforcement agencies and financial investigation units around the world.Our team consists of product engineers, analysts, data scientists and operational agents all working together daily on solving complex operational, compliance, technical and product challenges.
What is the team vision and main challenges?

Become a reporting platform team to cover Wise financial crime squad reporting needs. 
Stay consistently compliant with financial crime reporting regulations. 
Keep reporting platform scalable and secure using state of the art technology frameworks and patterns. 
Automate data gathering as much as possible to minimise amount of operational manual work

What does it take?  

A strong product mindset and passion for customer experience, you prioritise work with the customers in mind and make data-driven decisions to fix customer pain-points
Great communication skills and the ability to articulate complex, technical concepts to non-technical audience
Experience working with relational and non-relational databases, query optimisation and designing schemas
You enjoy writing testable code and believe in Test Driven Development
You have 4 years of Java 8 plus knowledge, experience with Spring framework and database abstraction layers like Hibernate
You believe in and follow best coding practices, code reviews and open feedback
Experience with CICD pipelines and Distributed and Concurrent Systems
Hands on knowledge of system integration patterns 

What does success look like?

Youll have onboarded and found your place through understanding your team and tribe vision and how you can contribute
Youll understand how our values can help you guide your work
Youll understand the reasons behind problematic payments and customer difficulties and how to go about solving them
Youll be raising the automation level to enable scaling of the product
Understand our customers and the impact our product makes in their lives 
Youll help us scale-up and build a world class money transfer product by finding solutions to our technical challenges and opportunities

What do we offer: 

Starting salary: 46,000-64,000EUR  RSU
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Tallinn office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave
The empowerment to solve problems your way
The freedom to have real impact
Loads of development opportunities 
A fun work environment with social activities and events
The opportunity to work with super smart people
Salary (annual)46.000—64.000 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.