Wise is looking for a senior compliance manager to join its growing Compliance oversight team. This role will be working alongside the MLRO and a small but highly effective team in second line compliance. In this role you will be responsible for assisting in the effective mitigation of financial crime risks through the oversight and maintenance of adequate systems and controls.
DUTIES

Supervision of our appropriate measures to ensure that Financial crime  risks are taken into account in our day-to-day operation.
Support in the development and maintenance of the compliance FinCrime oversight framework.
Assist in the preparation of quarterly compliance reports to the board of directors of Wise Ltd
Provide adequate challenge to first line teams on the development of controls and provide approvals  on any  control changes , new products or features
Represent compliance oversight both internally and externally to regulators, auditors and partners as required showcasing Wise strong oversight compliance framework 
Maintaining up to date fincrime policy framework in collaboration with other team members 
Deputising for the MLRO as required ensuring that there is strong oversight of all compliance operations including AML, Fraud, Sanctions, KYCCDD and EDD
Collaborating with product compliance control teams to ensure that there is strong oversight of all compliance operations including AML, Fraud, Sanctions, KYCCDD and EDD
Horizon scanning of new FinCrime regulatory developments and maintaining oversight of implementation of such development which impact business activities
Proactively identify key areas of risk and work collaboratively with first line teams to in the development of mitigation plans 

REQUIREMENTS

Theory. You are an expert in AMLCTF compliance and may be currently working or have worked within the area of financial crime compliance preferably in a fast paced environment.
Practice. You have demonstrable experience designing and challenging processes, ideally across multiple products. You have thought deeply about the TransferWise mission and how it intersects with compliance.
Passion. You get a kick out of improving current practices and processes and can apply different compliance strategies to develop  compliance frameworks.
Communication. You are a comfortable and effective communicator in both your writing and speaking. You can convey complex ideas effectively to both internal and external audiences.
Get the job done. You have a sense of urgency and an ability to work well under pressure, prioritising, taking responsibility and working to tight deadlines.
Detail. You have meticulous attention to detail and if youve skimmed through without reading this bullet point, Im sure a bank would love to have you. 
Team player. You have great people skills and can effectively and efficiently collaborate, build relationships with colleagues throughout the business and across the globe
Travel. You must be willing to travel to our other offices as required

What do we offer: 

Starting salary: 80,000
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Tallinn office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV.
 Salary (annual)80,000—100,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.