A bit about the job
Were looking for someone who gets search, is data-driven and understands how users behave in search in order to provide them with the best experience. 
Were a little different to what you might be used to though. 
At Wise were on a mission. 
A mission to empower our users to make smarter financial decisions based on transparent information. 
In order to do so we empower and trust our teams to take ownership over decision making and execution within their area of ownership, ensuring they can execute on the things that will have the greatest impact for our users. 
Search is no different.
 
What youll be doing

Set up, optimise, analyse and report on large Google and Microsoft Ads accounts as well as across Apple Search, spanning multiple markets and languages, with the potential to expand to new search engines in future.
We are constantly striving to improve campaign efficiency,  and you will have the opportunity to own the AB testing process across landing pages, ad copy and extensions. 
Creation and maintenance of reporting dashboards and weeklymonthly reports, along with contributing to wider team-based plans, presentations, and updates.
Proactively looking for both tactical and strategic optimisation opportunities , forecasting and translating this into campaign delivery. 
Making full use of the automation solutions available, implementing processes and practices that maximise operational efficiencies whilst identifying opportunities for process improvement, and providing recommendations.

 
Youll love this role if you...

Have experience running large, successful direct response search campaigns for a fast-growing business or agency, ideally across multiple markets and languages. Any experience with translations is a bonus. 
Put the customer first, always. There is no point in doing search unless you understand how youre helping the end user. 
You are passionate about digital marketing and know what levers to pull when optimising a campaign against specific KPIs. 
Have experience creating, amending and implementing Adwords Scripts.
You are data driven  and are able to gather actionable insights from data. 
Understand how SEM fits into the user journey and works alongside other channels such as Paid Social, Affiliates  SEO 
Are proactive and able to prioritise projects on impact, with a low level of supervision. 
Youve got experience with bid management and automation tools 
Second language is a plus ( Portuguese and Spanish preferred) 

 
Whats in it for you?
Youll be part of a team of exceptionally talented marketers who consistently break new ground in performance marketing thanks to strong relationships with key publishers such as Facebook  Google.
Within Wise we operate in a flat structure, youll be in charge of your own workload and focus areas, giving you the chance to have a huge impact in one of the UKs fastest growing  most successful startups.
 
Who we are:
Since 2011, weve had a clear mission: money without borders. 
Built by and for people who live global lives, were the fairest, easiest way to send money overseas. 
Were just at the beginning of our story and were growing at an incredible pace. We wont stop until anyone, anywhere can send, spend and receive money conveniently, instantly and at the lowest possible cost, wherever they are, whatever theyre doing. 
Theres still heaps to do and we cant do it alone. 
 
How we work
At Wise our strategy emerges from the collective brainpower of all our people, who are organised in dozens of independent, autonomous teams. 
Teams stay closest to our customers, so they decide what problems to solve and where to spend the most time. 
Youll experience radical levels of ownership and empowerment within your role. Plus the opportunity to see the direct impact of your work on our customers. 
 
Want to know more?
To find out a bit more about what its like to work at Wise — plus a full run through of our employee benefits — visit our careers page.Salary (annual)40,000—50,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.