Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. Were 5000 Wisers strong, with over 70 nationalities working in 25 locations around the globe! Were looking for a leader who lives our values, will help grow our culture, and drive our mission forward! 
We are seeking a talented and motivated HRIS Solutions Engineer to join our People Team, specializing in HRIS integration. This role is for someone passionate about leveraging technology to enhance HR processes, have expertise in Python, SQL, and AI, and thrive in a self-driven environment. This role will be based in Austin, Texas.
Responsibilities:

Manage and direct processes and research and development to meet the needs of our AI strategy, with a key focus on leveraging artificial intelligence (AI), large language models (LLM) and machine learning (ML) to enhance our employee experience with all software within our People team (20 systems in our HRIS stack).
Understand company and client challenges and how integrating AI capabilities can help lead to solutions
Lead cross-functional projects, integrating AI capabilities to help lead to solutions in key areas of the People team at Wise, driving significant business benefit with a focus on seamless integration and automation
Analyze and explain AI and machine learning (ML) solutions while setting and maintaining high ethical standards
Advise People team and leads on a broad range of technology, strategy, and policy issues associated with AI
Work on functional design, process design (including scenario design, flow mapping), prototyping, testing, training, and defining support procedures.
Articulate and document the solutions architecture and lessons learned for each exploration and accelerated incubation
Serve as liaison between stakeholders and project teams, delivering feedback and enabling team members to make necessary changes in product performance or presentation
Stay up-to-date with emerging HR tech trends, industry best practices, to continuously improve HRIS capabilities.
Strong knowledge and understanding of machine learning, artificial intelligence, and GPT (Generative Pre-trained Transformer) models.
Well versed in key technological languages  namely Python and SQL 

Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field (Masters degree preferred).
Proven experience (5 years) in solutions engineering, software engineering, or a similar role, with a focus on HRIS integration.
Strong proficiency in Python and SQL, with the ability to write complex queries and scripts.
Experience working with AI technologies and a demonstrated understanding of their applications in HR.
Strong project management skills with a track record of successful project delivery.
Self-motivated and able to work independently, with a strong sense of ownership.
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills to work effectively with cross-functional teams.
Knowledge of HR processes and best practices is a plus.

Ideally you will have

Strong engineering background paired with clientstakeholder-facing experience
Proven experience and technical knowledge working with Large Language Models, Generative AI, or Machine Learning
Vast experience developing with Python, SQL, Java and  or other web development languages
Presentation skills with a high degree of technical credibility and persuasiveness when speaking with customers
Ability to manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously.

Key Benefits

 Competitive annual salary
  Stock options in a profitable company
 Hybrid working model  A mix of working from our office in the Domain and working from home
  Wisers can work remotely for 90 days a year. By remote we dont just mean from home, but from wherever in the world you choose to
  An annual self-development budget
  Medical, dental,  vision insurance  including HSA and FSA options
  Company-paid: Life Insurance  ADD Insurance, Short  Long-Term Disability, and an EAP program
  25 accrued days of PTO  15 accrued paid sick days  3 me (personal) days  11 paid banking holidays  a paid volunteer day, annually
  6-week paid sabbatical after 4 years with us
  18-weeks of paid parental leave, after a year with us
  401(k) with up to a 4 employer match
Plus more! Click HERE for more info on benefits

LI-KE1Salary (annual)108,000—144,000 USDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.