
We are looking for a proactive liquidity controller to join our expanding Treasury Risk and Control team who can help build the control framework supporting our global liquidity needs. 
Youll have a chance to understand our products in depth and collaborate with data analysts, product leads, risk managers and finance teams.   
Youll understand the lifecycle of liquidity at Wise, from funding  supply, through various uses and the controls that are available to ensure Wise remains in an optimum operating position.  
A list of the key responsibilities of the liquidity controller are given below:

Reviewing Risks and mitigating Controls. Assessing our control environment through reviewing liquidity controls currently operating, challenging Treasury and product teams to close gaps and implement new controls as appropriate.
Stakeholder Reporting. Assessing the coverage  quality of reporting (dashboards, alerts, input to leadership committees) and working across teams  stakeholders to implement new analytical views  reporting.
Chairing the monthly liquidity committee to ensure adherence to liquidity policy  remaining in risk appetite.
Working with regional controlling  risk teams to understand local liquidity requirements.
Being a key point of contact for the product teams during product kick-off to ensure liquidity is a key consideration.
Reviewing incidents to understand the root cause, assisting in the post mortem and implementing new KRIs and controls to prevent future incidents. 

Knowledge check: (what do we expect the controller to understand)

Experience working with HQLA, LCR, LRD, daily liquidity (as appropriate)
Basics in statistical measurement e.g. Z-score, Std Deviation, VaR
Fixed income product knowledge covering (but not limited to): interest rate, fx, credit, counterparty risk (and all basis risk associated therewith)
Risk Control Self Assessment (RCSA)

Key skills  qualifications:

Strong written and verbal communication
Ability to challenge
Ability to own issue remediation through to completion
Qualified accountant (or relevant finance  risk qualification)


 
What do we offer: 

Starting salary: 42,000 EURannually
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our London office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

If youre interested in the position, please apply for the latest 10.11 by submitting your CV.Salary (annual)42.000—58.800 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.