Were looking for a proactive and resourceful Group Audit Manager to join our External Reporting team. This is a unique opportunity to contribute to our mission by ensuring we meet our external reporting requirements as a publicly listed financial services company. Your main task will be to lead and coordinate the Group External Audit process with the partnering audit firm.
Your mission: 

Be the primary point of contact for the external auditors for the audit planning, coordination and data collection tasks. Help the audit team to achieve the most effective and cost-efficient audit.
Hold auditors and Wise teams accountable for meeting deadlines. Develop strong relationships internally and externally. 
Assist in communication between auditors and Wise, including translating and explaining audit requests to various Wise teams, consolidating responses, performing quality checks and ensuring the supporting data provided to the auditors is accurate and timely. 
Gain a deep understanding of Wise and how we operate as a business, educate the audit team on this and be available for follow-up and clarification questions.
Be part of the team responsible for preparation of the financial statements. 
Prepare audit communication to the board, incl. timelines, progress, audit findings and budget.
Help teams to assess audit findings and take corrective actions. Perform subsequent follow-up reviews to ensure that implementation has been successful.
Collect and analyse audit feedback from Wise teams and ensure improvements are communicated to auditors and implemented at Wise. 

 
This role will give you the opportunity to: 

Make an impact  You will have an opportunity to facilitate the preparation and audit of our Annual Report and Accounts, that will be published to the London Stock Exchange.
Own your own path to success  Youll have a high level of autonomy and responsibility.
Develop an in-depth knowledge of Wises business  Get to know many teams from finance and across the business as you partner with them to complete the audit.
Work in an international Finance Team and learn a lot about Finance, financial technology and driving financial sustainability of a fast growing company.

 
About you:

You have 4-5 years in either financial audit or financial controlling involving communication with auditors.
Youre accurate and pay attention to detail. You enjoy owning your work and taking charge on projects when needed. You are keen to roll up your sleeves and get the job done.
You have strong coordination skills and are able to work with multiple teams within and outside of finance as well as internationally on projects or ad hoc requests as required, with flexibility and a can do attitude.
You have advanced data processing skills (expert in Excel is a must, SQL would be an advantage), ability to understand complex spreadsheets and create efficient, reliable calculations with built-in controls, easy scaling and updating capabilities. Experience working with large volumes of data. 
You have excellent written and verbal English skills.

 
 
Office: Budapest
Team: Finance
Salary Range: 1,050,000 - 1,225,000 HUF per month  RSUs
 
 
LI-SS1Salary (monthly)1 050 000 Ft—1 225 000 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.