How should global money work? How do you take a complex, stressful experience and make it simple, calming even? How do you challenge the way its always been done? 
How do you collaborate in a human-centred way to ship work youre truly proud of?
These are just a few of the challenges a Staff (IC) Content Designer will work on as part of Wises global mission to build an open, fair, and human financial system. Right now we move 6 billion every month for over 11 million people. But were only 2 done — because people without borders deserve money without borders.
What youll be doing
Youll be working with the cross-functional teams that make up Receive — a squad that helps millions of people and businesses get paid in any currency, wherever they are. Youll also be part of the Content Guild, and will regularly collaborate with the content community across Wise.
Heres how youll contribute


Youll get to know our customers, building empathy and a deep understanding of their needs 


Youll use your expertise to discover, design and deliver simple, beautifully crafted, intuitive experiences that customers love.


Youll be influential in your team, increasing customer centeredness, creativity, and improving content quality


Working with designers from other squads, youll help build a single, seamless experience for customers


This role will give you the opportunity to:


Deliver impact and ship work youre proud of


Own content projects from end-to-end 


Elevate content quality — defining what good looks like in the squad, then helping deliver it


Be part of a positive change in the world. Were fixing a broken, greedy system, and putting people and businesses in control of their money


About you:


Youre an accomplished Staff Content Designer with extensive experience shipping world-class consumer products


Youre comfortable navigating complexity and ambiguity — and can successfully collaborate in this environment.


You have an eye for quality, and know how to support designers to deliver it


Youre influential, inspiring, and able to work with others in a culture that values autonomy and empowerment


Youre highly empathetic, both to customers and the people you work with


Youre a trusted partner, building effective relationships with your peers across the business


Heads up, this probably isnt for you if 


Your experience is mostly in marketing content, advertising, copywriting, journalism or social media  and you have no hands-on experience of content design or working in UX


What do we offer: 

Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our London office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leaveLI-JH1 LI-Hybrid
Salary (annual)75,000—95,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.