A bit about the role
As Wise continues to grow, we need to grow our finance and regulatory capabilities in South Africa and are looking for this role to:

Maintain and supervise all Exchange Control processes and practices to ensure the retention of Wises Authorised Dealers License and to proactively identify and assist in the implementation of activities across the business to ensure effective Exchange Control compliance within the business, this includes:

Planning, co-coordinating and implementing Exchange Control strategy.
Managing the Exchange Control risks including identifying and mitigating Exchange Control regulatory risk issues as well as guiding the business and stakeholders on these matters..
Acting as an official point of contact on Exchange Control matters with the SARB Financial Surveillance Department attending to all inquiries.
Assisting the Reserve Bank in conducting audits and investigations for any non-compliance with their Rules and Regulation.
Providing Exchange Control training and awareness.
Planning, formulation and implementation of Exchange Control policies, framework, processes and procedures.
Supervising the effective day to day management over the reporting system and actioning of related reporting requirements. 
Manage and report accurate regulatory returns to the local regulators.




Help pilot the rocket ship. Controller capabilities are essential to steer the ship in the right direction, ensuring we comply with accounting, regulatory and tax requirements.
Work with other Regional Controllers, Accounting, Reporting  Tax teams to ensure financial compliance, including controlling local audits, outsource firms and financial regulatory relationships.
Be the regional teams (Expansion, Compliance, Product  People)  main point of finance contact in ensuring that all new products, legislation etc are understood and finance is prepared for all changes, ensuring the customer product is understood and optimised for growth.
Work with finance teams (Finance Product team (software engineers) and Accounting to ensure systems, controls and processes are prepared for regional requirements, with clear definitions and change management.
Review monthly and quarterly financials to ensure completeness and accuracy of the information.

 
A bit about you
Experience:

Significant experience in interpreting and applying Exchange Control Rules and Regulations including reporting and related requirements.
Experience in a Finance role within a regulated environment, Fintech or Financial Services 
Managed a complex stakeholder group internally and externally to the organisation
Communicated with internal or external stakeholders on a regular basis, submitting reports, clarifying requirements etc.
You are a self starter and can organise your own work (youll get a lot of support but soon youll be the expert here).
Candidate will need to be approved by SARB prior to beginning employment

Type of person:

You have a passion for what were building at Wise and you will work on any financial requirements.
You are keen to roll up sleeves and get the job done, we all do our own Excel still
You are proactive and take the initiative to get things done.
You are humble, comfortable operating with a high level of uncertainty, can act independently, be decisive and take responsibility.
You are open to self-development, willing to gain experience, improve your skills and keen to learn new tricks.
You are detail oriented, with ability to deliver and communicate complex areas on time and succinctly.
You are able to work with multiple teams within and outside of finance as well as internationally on projects or ad hoc requests as required, with flexibility and a can do attitude.
You feel passionate using your skills and knowledge creating and improving the controls framework and internal processes.

What do we offer: 

Salary: ZAR 800k - 1.2m
Company Restricted Stock Units

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV.Salary (annual)R800,000—R1,200,000 ZARWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.