Your mission
The Receive squad enables small businesses to get paid for invoices using a variety of payment methods, including cards. As the Product Manager for the Merchant Risk team, you will be responsible for controlling the risk of these payment methods (eg: chargeback risk for Cards) while supporting more and more local payment methods in multiple regions. The vision of the team is to make Wise the most trusted platform for transactions between a buyer and a seller across borders.

Heres how youll be contributing to the Request Money product

Own the vision for Merchant Risk domain and establish the KPI metrics to measure the success
Own roll out strategy to multiple regions, new product offering and scaling merchant onboarding from a Risk standpoint 
Own the cost structure for fraud and related risks and define control measure
Youll be doing it all - deep analytics to define simple static rules that fight fraud to scaling it to cutting edge ML models with support from the data science
Build the team to support you in implementing the vision for the domain


This role will give you the opportunity to

Directly contribute to our Mission Zero. You will make sure that our costs related to Fraud and Risk are controlled so we can offer the best price to our customers and eventually bring it to zero.
Choose your path for impact. Were not here to tell you what to do. Youll prioritise the biggest problems to solve and help your team design the best ways to solve them. Youll get feedback from smart people across the company, but you will keep the freedom to make decisions alongside your team, take risks and learn.
Be flexible in how and where you work. We understand everyone needs a little something different so well do our best to make it happen. Its all about your impact on the mission.
Grow as a leader. Youre more than welcome to expand your ownership area and build a dedicated team around the mission of making card payments eventually free.


A bit about you

You are a Product Manager with experience of building products at scale. Youve identified problems and shipped features to thousands and maybe millions of customers and measured impact clearly.
Youre hands on, and youd do everything needed to make the team and the product successful. You get it done by thinking strategically and executing tactically. 
Payments are your passion. You know how different payment methods and schemes work and how they can serve best to resolve customer needs. You know the typical problems with card payments that customers have, and youre eager to solve them.
You understand Merchant Onboarding Risk. You understand how risk for cards works and you have an idea of how to balance risk with growth and scale
You inspire others. You can clearly explain the customers problems and include the right team members to discuss solutions. You can work with the team to develop an inspiring product vision.
You know how to coordinate a teams effort. You have a track record of delivering complex projects across multiple teams. You are comfortable working closely with engineers to get to the right solutions.
You are data-driven. You can dive into data to identify opportunities and then measure your impact. You prioritize the value you can add to customers and get the entire company behind you by telling stories with data.


Our Offer

Base salary: 83k - 110k gross  year base (based on experience  interview outcomes)
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs): https:www.wise.jobswhat-we-doour-offer
Including our London office perks: https:www.wise.jobs20200707benefits-in-our-london-office 
Salary (annual)83,000—110,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.