Were looking for a Global Workforce Management Lead to help our teams deliver an experience that helps customers onboard with less time, scales globally with our growth and helps us decrease our costs towards zero. This role is based in Europe, were looking for a person to join us either in Budapest or Tallinn.
Heres how youll be contributing to the WFM team:

Help our teams deliver a Customer Onboarding experience that helps our customers, scales globally with our growth and helps us drop our costs towards zero
Partner with our Area leads of Customer Support, analyst team, and other operational teams to build a globally scalable model that aligns the product approach with considerations of location and language strategy, talent planning, hiring capacity, outsourcing opportunities, specialisation and cost modelling
Move metrics including, SLA, case processed time, average handling time, volume, occupancy, QC, and  automated
Lead, grow, and develop your team of Workforce Planners and Analysts to ultimately create a full-stack WFM function
Be a part of our Customer Support leadership team, creating a strong operational culture, developing world class WFM team and leading hiring

This role will give you an opportunity to: 

Solve a truly global challenge - our rapid growth rate, global customer base and the inherent complexity of moving money makes growing our support model a truly unique challenge right at the heart of our mission
Build and lead our global WFM team - you have the opportunity to strengthen, grow and coach the team across our locations 
Be a global WFM leader - as a part of our Customer Support leadership team youll be helping us evolve how we run CS operations, how we develop our people and how we scale globally 

A bit about you:

You already have a right to work in Estonia, we dont support visas for this role (but do support relocation, if needed)
Your verbal and written English skills are excellent
Youre experienced. You have at least 5-years of experience as a people lead and at least 3-years of experience working in a Workforce Management team.
You have a strong understanding of the WFM life cycle including forecasting, capacity planning, scheduling and real time management.
Youre passionate about leading people, building teams, and making a difference for people in your work. These arent just lines on a job description, you genuinely enjoy what you do!
Youve worked internationally, cross-team, or cross-geo before, so youll quickly pick up on how best to communicate effectively across different cultures and time zones.
Youre strategic. You think strategically and translate strategy into operational plans and business results.
Youre tactical and data driven. You analyse and identify trends and blockers and take appropriate action. You have exceptional analytical skills and youre comfortable working with large amounts of data. Youre good at presenting findings and have experience in establishing and tracking metrics.
Youve worked with BI tools before like Looker etc. and your ExcelSpreadsheets skills are advanced! SQL and Python skills are a plus.
You welcome an open feedback culture, happy both giving and receiving feedback to or from anyone in the organisation
You place customers first. You make no compromise on this.
You get it done. You have track record of identifying and resolving issues independently, taking initiative even under unfamiliar or ambiguous circumstances
You understand operations. You have experience of working with operational teams (ideally CS or any other Operations team in a financial company), and how to work with people and processes as well as products

What do we offer:

Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Tallinn office

We offer relocation support for this role
If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV and Cover Letter. Please also answer the application questions.Salary (monthly)3.600—3.600 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.