Global Sanctions Product Compliance Lead
Were looking for a Global Sanctions Product Compliance Lead to join our growing FinCrime Product team.  Sanctions is a key function in our Global Product Compliance team.  This role is hands-on, a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission, grow as a product and compliance leader, and help save millions of more peoples money while protecting Wise from compliance risks.  
Your mission: 
At Wise we believe that people who are closest to risks are the best placed to identify and address these. We are looking for a Sanctions expert to join the Wise Sanctions Product team, who will work with our product and compliance teams to ensure our sanctions controls are fit for purpose today and as we continue to scale.  This individual will lead a small but growing team across our Screening domain which also includes PEPs and Adverse Media. 
This is a first line Product Compliance team lead role, embedded in the Global Sanctions Product team. 
Duties and responsibilities:

Develop and implement an effective sanctions risk framework working closely with the Compliance Officers in our key markets. 
Implement a process to proactively identify thematic issues areas for improvement and ensure their remediation is prioritized in line with the risk they pose. 
Build a means to report issues, risks and opportunities for enhancement to senior management to give them confidence in our sanctions program
Collaborate with our in-house Sanctions Product and Engineering teams to strengthen controls
Data expert that can use data to determine control effectiveness, measure customer impact and articulate risk
Identify opportunities to improve the customer experience by improving our controls, operational processes, or removing controls in line with regulation and risk requirements. 
Create processes to demonstrate our product, compliance and operational effectiveness and structure
Represent Wise on discussions with Regulators, Bank Partners, and Auditors. 
Work with teams across Wise to ensure our sanctions program and controls are fit for purpose such as RFIs, Wise Platform, KYC and Payment operations. 

Skillsrequirements:

10 years experience in a sanctions advisory role within the financial services industry
An understanding of SWIFT payments,  cross border payments, card payments, prepaid access accounts and trade finance
Ability to drive projects with multiple stakeholders and competing priorities
Previous experience with senior management reporting
Strong subject matter expertise of OFAC financial sanctions regimes and regulations, knowledge of other markets is a plus. 
Organizational awareness including working knowledge or risks, products, processes, and controls
Experience managing a range of different stakeholders internally and externally
Excellent communication abilities, both written and oral
You have proven track record of taking ownership and responsibilities as well as being a great team-player
You are able to persevere in a fast paced environment

Key benefits:   RSUs in a rapidly growing company after a year with us Hybrid working model  A combination of work-from-home and from the office   Wisers can work remotely for 90 days a year. By remote we dont just mean from home, but from wherever in the world you choose to  An annual self-development budget  Medical, dental,  vision insurance  including HSA and FSA options  Company-paid: Life Insurance, Short  Long-Term Disability, and an EAP program  25 days PTO, 15 sick days, 11 bank holidays, 5 compassionate leave days, 3 paid Me days and a paid volunteer day, annually  A paid 6-week sabbatical leave after four years  18-weeks of paid parental leave, after a year with us  401k with up to a 4 employer match BuiltIn Award winner for Best Places to Work and Best Large Places to WorkClick HERE for more info on our benefits NYC
Were people without borders — without judgment or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, where and what you studied isnt important to us. If youve got great experience, the right skills for the role and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.
LI-VP1Salary (annual)203,000—258,000 USDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.