Were looking for a Sanctions Advisory manager to join our growing FinCrime Oversight team. Sanctions is a key function in our oversight team. This role is hands-on, a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission, grow as a sanctions and compliance leader, and help save millions of more peoples money while protecting Wise from compliance risks.  
Your mission: 
At Wise we believe that people who are closest to risks are the best placed to identify and address these. We are looking for a Sanctions expert who will work with our product and compliance teams to ensure our sanctions controls are fit for purpose today and as we continue to scale.  
This is a second line role looking after UK and EU sanctions but will work closely with counterparts across the globe.  
 
Duties and responsibilities:

Develop and implement an effective sanctions risk framework working closely with the product and compliance officers  in the UK and EU. 
Implement a process to proactively identify thematic issues areas for improvement and ensure their remediation is prioritized in line with the risk they pose. 
Build a means to report issues, risks and opportunities for enhancement to senior management to give them confidence in our sanctions program
Collaborate with our in-house Sanctions Product and Engineering teams to strengthen controls
Identify opportunities to improve the customer experience by improving our controls, operational processes, or removing controls in line with regulation and risk requirements. 
Create processes to demonstrate our product, compliance and operational effectiveness and structure
Represent Wise on discussions with Regulators, Bank Partners, and Auditors. 
Work with teams across Wise to ensure our sanctions program and controls are fit for purpose such as RFIs, Wise Platform, KYC and Payment operations. 

 
Skillsrequirements:

Proven experience in a sanctions advisory role within the financial services industry
An understanding of SWIFT payments,  cross border payments, card payments, prepaid access accounts and trade finance
Ability to drive projects with multiple stakeholders and competing priorities
Previous experience with senior management reporting
Strong subject matter expertise of UK and EU  financial sanctions regimes and regulations, knowledge of other markets such as OFAC a plus. 
Organizational awareness including working knowledge or risks, products, processes, and controls
Experience managing a range of different stakeholders internally and externally
Excellent communication abilities, both written and oral
You have proven track record of taking ownership and responsibilities as well as being a great team-player
You are able to persevere in a fast paced environment
Data expert that can use data to determine control effectiveness, measure customer impact and articulate risk

What we offer in return:

Competitive base salary
Restricted Stock Units in a profitable company
Lots of awesome Wise benefits

If youre interested in the role, please apply by submitting your CV. 
LI-JB1
 Salary (annual)80,000—110,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.