People Partner
Were currently hiring a People Partner to join our growing Partner team and our mission. Youll be supporting our Product and Engineering teams and will be based in our Austin office.
We are looking for a commercially-minded, driven and goal-oriented HR Business Partner who will actively partner across our tech teams at Wise. This gives you an exciting opportunity to work internationally with very talented people, while also being part of a larger People Team. This role offers a lot of variety and scope, giving you access to make an impact at scale at Wise.
If youre a curious, passionate and results-oriented HR professional, with an eye for detail and data, then this role is for you! Youll thrive in creating great workplaces and working on a complete cycle of HR services, including establishing trusted partnerships with business leaders and Wisers.
Were looking for someone who is passionate about all things people. You will love supporting your client groups, getting to know the business, and providing pragmatic solutions to their everyday challenges.
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. Were 5000 Wisers strong, with over 90 nationalities working in 25 locations around the globe!  This is a unique opportunity to join Europes most valuable fintech company at a pivotal time in evolving our global People Team. 
What problems are we solving
We are building the People Partner capability at Wise as a way to empower leaders and ensure the service we offer is able to scale and keep up with growth.  We help build our ways of working in a way that optimizes for autonomy and gives a great Wiser experience.  Having customer-facing People Partners embedded in their business areas ensures that Wisers problems are being solved autonomously and at speed. 
In your role as a People Partner, you will become the trusted advisor to your stakeholders and spend time building and executing a people plan within your functions. 
The How

Create close, effective relationships with senior leads and their teams, acting as a trusted people advisor to identify and achieve shared objectives, coaching, advising, and supporting them with their people plans and talent needs 
Create and drive people strategy, along with metrics and OKRs, for your area of responsibility including performance management, talent identification and succession, org design, employee engagement  communications, training gaps, workforce planning
Work with the Recruitment team and business partners to prioritize, plan and forecast roles for future growth
You will have accountability for completing talent planning, succession, assessments, and similar processes that drive the people strategy with high quality and integrity; including execution upon agreed to and approved plans
Drive organizational development, re-design, change  engagement in your areas, including project management  employee communications.
Partner with leaders to develop our leadership capability and skills needed for our future success.
Work closely with HR Centers of Expertise (CoE) to resolve complex and challenging problems through innovative and agile thinking
Actively drive our DI strategy looking at how this can be improved for your business units across all touch points of the Employee lifecycle. Support Wise initiatives and actively contribute to embed DI nudges across our processes.
Analyze people metrics and risks adding further insight into the overall health of our teams and to share trends or determine opportunities for focus
Lead the WiserPulse (our engagement survey) rollout into functional areas and drive action plans
Provide advice and consultation on complex Employee Relations issues
Help shape the global people team plan and priorities through the collation of global business trends, needs and anticipated future requirements
Champion our values and culture, being a role model for these and supporting the continual embedding of them in everything we do.

A bit about you (attributes) 

Big Thinker - youre willing to challenge the status quo, speak up and help others see things from other perspectives
Collaboration -  relationships get you out of bed in the morning, building and fostering them over time. Also not afraid to challenge and say no, without creating damage
Data Driven - youll always start with data, facts and insights to help inform your approach to solving problems and analyzing needs. You have a high proficiency in Excel and PowerPoint and can use data to provide insights, inform decisions and visualize it to influence others through storytelling.
Initiative - were not a one size fits all kind of business and were not looking for off the shelf solutions; we need you to think creatively and be flexible in your outlook
Resilience - you need to be comfortable being challenged and keeping cool and calm through times of adversity
Change agent - the skills and desire to change the status quo for the better. These should include the ability to manage all elements of organizational transformation, facilitation, and training.
Employee Relations -  use knowledge to coach and advise managers and drive necessary actions. With tested mediation skills, you can guide managers in supporting conflict resolution. 
Communication  You are an effective and thoughtful communicator who is able to understand diverse perspectives and vary your communication style based on the circumstance. 

What youve done before Wise 

People partnered in a high growth environment - thisll help you know how to deal with ambiguity and shifting priorities, plus youll need to have experience of working closely with a scaling, global team
 Developed a broad range of expertise and skills - so no matter the challenge (a restructure, salary benchmarking, skills gap, employee relations, etc) you can bring thought leadership and take ownership
Project management - youll be strongly solutions focused, able to identify problems and drive initiatives that have a measurable impact
Regional  multi-site experience - youre experienced supporting Leads and employees split across geographies and timezones. One of your super powers is being able to adapt to many different cultures and backgrounds

Key Benefits: 

  RSUs in a rapidly growing company after a year with us
 Hybrid working model  Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
  Wisers can work remotely for 90 days a year. By remote we dont just mean from home, but from wherever in the world you choose to
  An annual self-development budget
  Medical, dental,  vision insurance  including HSA and FSA options
  Company-paid: Life Insurance, Short  Long-Term Disability, and an EAP program
  25 days PTO, 15 sick days, 11 holidays, 5 compassionate leave days, 3 paid Me days and a paid volunteer day, annually
  A paid 6-week sabbatical leave after four years
  18-weeks of paid parental leave, after a year with us
  401k with up to a 4 employer match

Click HERE for more info on our Austin benefits
 
LI-HybridSalary (annual)120,000—150,000 USDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.