Were looking for a Customer Support Strategy and Reporting Lead to join our Customer Support team in either our Tallinn or Budapest office. Customer Support Strategy and Reporting Lead is someone who designs strategies, plans, and guides analytics for Wise Customer Support.
Your mission: 
Your mission is to ensure that our operational organization structure is lean, scalable and optimized for the best customer outcomes and you will also identify new operations opportunities. Your scope includes introducing risk management strategies and analyzing the current strategy and strategic plans. You will also run operations diagnostic and hypothesis checks for the respective plans. We expect you to develop business scenarios and innovative ideas.
Heres how youll be contributing to the team:

Work as an individual contributor on Customer Support Strategy and Planning towards assigned goals, vision and mission;
Provide strategic insights and tactical leadership to Customer Support teams;
Align and propose KPIs and Target Guidance for Customer Support teams;
Develop strategic plans for optimized cost, quality or speed of Wise Customer Support;
Design Wise Customer Support change roadmap;
Design Customer Support unit operational organization structure to ensure it is lean, scalable and and optimized for best customer outcomes;
Identify new operations opportunities;
Analyze the current strategy and strategic plans to ensure its efficiency;
Run operations diagnostic and hypothesis checks;
Create business unit development scenarios and innovative ideas.

A bit more about the role:

Youre responsible for planning delivery efficiency, target attainment, Customer Support global cost per contact and Customer Support Global Resolution rate;
You support Customer Support Reporting and embedded Customer Support Analytics teams engagement and motivation;
You ensure the Customer Support Reporting and embedded Customer Support Analytics teams are equipped with all the necessary tools, trainings and support to perform their daily functions;
You staff and hire for assigned team and communicate job expectations during hiring process;
You provide effective feedback via regular 1-1s, biyearly GrowWise and propose compensation changes for Customer Support Strategy and Reporting team;
You support Customer Support Reporting team with actionable goals that enable their growth in Wise;
You ensure the collaboration between the various stakeholders such as Workforce Management, Service Delivery, Product and Vendor Management teams;
You represent the Customer Support Strategy and Implementation (CSSI) team in relevant meetings and planning sessions for launching, assessing, and managing CS OPS plans and strategies;
You align all parties that affect the success of the CSSI plans and strategies;
Youll be responsible for the team budget in the assigned team;
Youll be accountable for full regulatory compliance and legal requirements of delivered projects and products.

A bit about you:

Youre placed in Tallinn, Estonia or willing to relocate to here (we support relocation for the role);
Youre eligible to work in Estonia (we dont offer visa support for this role);
You have at least 3 years of experience in Operations;
You have at least 2 years of experience in analytics in Operations;
You have good verbal  written English, your communicational skills are excellent;
You feel comfortable working with data;
You have strong strategic planning, decision making, problem solving and critical thinking skills;
Youre a team player, have emotional intelligence skills and know how to manage expectations;
Youre great at stress management, able to delegate and negotiate where necessary;
You are deadline-oriented and have great time management skills;
Youre knowledgeable about agent targets and CS KPIs;
You are comfortable reviewing escalated callsemailschats;
You know how to conduct regular performance reviews and interviews;
You have a experience in vendor operations;
You know your way around the following tools: ExcelG Suite, Confluence, Calabrio, LookerSuperset, Figma, Twilio Voice, Twilio Chats, Zendesk.

PS! If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV and cover letter in English.
Please note that applications without a cover letter wont be considered.Salary (monthly)3.600—4.500 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.