Wise is one of the fastest growing companies in Europe and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 13 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money across borders easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply. 
So, were building a new one.
And, we need a Java Developer to join our mission and help us build a global platform thats scalable, reliable and secure. Were working on lots of algorithmical challenges, and youll dive right into projects on reconciliation, integrations, authorisations and authentications.
Money without borders - instant, convenient, transparent and eventually free. During the 10 years since our launch, we helped millions of customers, but there are customers who were suffering the most from the bank FX fees and needed new, better banking tools to manage their money internationally. To address this need we launched borderless account that is offering multi-country, cross-border banking in one app. Now were powering money for people and businesses: to pay, to get paid, to spend, in any currency, wherever you are, whatever youre doing.
The Wise card is a key part of the borderless proposition, it is responsible for the spend part of the general vision. Card issuing is the best way to let customers spend their money in the modern world, but we should keep in mind that real plastic cards are only one of a possible solution to spending problems. Tomorrow it could be virtual cards, apple and google pays, QR codes, mobile payments, or something else that is not yet invented. Our mission statement for the Spend and Wise tribe is: Give our customers reliable, easy to use and eventually free way to pay from borderless accounts everywhere in the world.
What does it take?:  

A strong product mindset and passion for user experience, you prioritise work with the customers in mind and make data-driven decisions to fix customer pain-points
Great communication skills and the ability to articulate complex, technical concepts to non-technical audience
Experience working with relational and non-relational databases, query optimisation and designing schemas
You enjoy writing testable code and believe in Test Driven Development
You have solid Java 11 plus knowledge, experience with Spring framework and microservice best practices
You believe in and follow best coding practices, code reviews and open feedback
Experience with CICD pipelines and Distributed and Concurrent Systems
Hands on knowledge of system integration patterns 

What does success look like?

Youll have onboarded and found your place through understanding your team and tribe vision and how you can contribute
Youll understand how our values can help you guide your work
Youll understand the reasons behind problematic payments and customer difficulties and how to go about solving them
Youll be raising the automation level to enable scaling of the product
Understand our customers and the impact our product makes in their lives 
Youll help us scale-up and build a world class money transfer product by finding solutions to our technical challenges and opportunities

What you get back:

The autonomy to solve problems your way
The freedom to have real impact
Loads of development opportunities 
A fun work environment with social activities and events
The opportunity to work with super smart people

Find out more about our benefits in our London office.
Interested? Find out more:

 How we work - a practical guide
 The Wise Tech Stack, 2020 edition
 How Wise built the worlds first cloud-based card processing 
 Our Engineering career map

...or check out our Engineering blog.
LI-JS1Salary (annual)60,000—115,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.