Were building a scalable, high performing platform for our 16 million customers. And were looking for a Software Engineering intern to join us on our mission for 10 weeks during the summer (24 June  30 August 2024). 
Wise is a global technology company, building the best way to move and manage the worlds money.
Whether youre sending money to another country, spending money abroad, or making and receiving international business payments, Wise is on a mission to make your life easier and save you money. 
Since it was founded in 2010, 5,000 people work at Wise, from 125 nationalities, in 17 global locations. Check out how its like working here. 
Youll be part of Wises global mission to build an open, fair, and human financial system - to make money without borders the new norm. Because people without borders need money without borders.
How you will contribute to the Engineering team: 

You will help shape and build our products future
Work cross-functionally in squads who are vital to driving the mission of our business forward
Create clear and helpful interfaces, whilst maintaining consistency, maintainability and performance
Understand the challenges our customers face and set out to solve them
You will have flexibility in how and where you work. We understand everyone needs a little something different - so well do our best to make it happen, but we recommend coming to the office as much as possible in your first months!

What does it take? These things are a must:

You are graduating in 2025 from a Bachelors or Masters degree. This might be in Computer Science, or any other STEM subject
Able to start a 10 week internship from the 24th of June 2024 until the 30th of August 2024
You are available to start a full time graduate role in September 2025
Knowledge of computer science fundamentals including data structures, algorithms and software design
A self-started side project(s) that you are proud to talk about
Great communication skills and the ability to articulate complex, technical concepts to a non-technical audience
Curious, keen to learn and proactive by nature
You believe in and follow best coding practices and code reviews
You are open to and value feedback in order to improve
Familiarity of data models with SQL
Knowledge of working with RESTful Web Services
A basic knowledge in modern web technologies and a strong interest in web development
Eligible to work in Budapest

And these would be great, but arent essential:

Experience in web or microservice development, from a previous internship or project 
Familiarity with any major programming languages like JavaJavaScriptPythonKotlinSwift (we are more focused on your willingness to learn new technologies)
A strong product mindset and passion for user experience. You prioritise work with customers in mind, and make data-driven decisions to fix customer pain-points

 
...Dont worry, we dont expect you to know everything!
 
What you get back:

Have a real impact. Solve real customer problems
Lots of team activities
Salary of gross 640,000 HUF 
Fun offices with social activities - have a sneak peak of our Budapest office!
Be part of a global team with a global mindset

If youre interested in diving into the personal story of one of our 2023 interns, please feel free to visit this webpage to read about Alis experiences.  https:www.wise.jobs20231011my-internship-experience-at-wiseSalary (monthly)640 000 Ft—640 000 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.