Wise is one the fastest growing companies in Europe and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 15 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money across borders easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply. 
So, were building a new one.
And, we need a Backend Engineer with a Java focus to join our mission and help us build a global platform thats scalable, reliable and secure. Were working on lots of algorithmical challenges, and youll dive right into projects on reconciliation, integrations, authorisations and authentications.
The team you will join: Fraud team
The Fraud team at Wise is dedicated to safeguarding our platform against financial crime and ensuring the protection of our legitimate customers. Leveraging cutting-edge machine learning, real-time transaction monitoring, and data analysis, our team is responsible for developing and enhancing fraud detection systems. Software engineers, data analysts, and data scientists collaborate on a daily basis to continuously improve our systems and provide support to our fraud investigation team.
 
Our vision is:

Build a globally scalable fraud prevention and detection engine to maintain Wise as a secure environment for our legitimate customers.
Utilize advanced machine learning techniques to identify potential risks associated with customer activity.
Foster a strong partnership between our fraud investigators and the product team to develop solutions that leverage the expertise of fraud prevention specialists.
Not only meet the requirements set by regulators and auditors but also surpass their expectations.

 
What does it take?  

A strong product mindset and passion for user experience, you prioritise work with the customers in mind and  make data-driven decisions to fix customer pain-points
Great communication skills and the ability to articulate complex, technical concepts to non-technical audience
Experience working with relational and non-relational databases, query optimisation and designing schemas
You enjoy writing testable code and believe in Test Driven Development
You have 4 years of Java 8 plus knowledge, experience with Spring framework and database abstraction layers like Hibernate
You believe in and follow best coding practices, code reviews and open feedback
Experience with CICD pipelines and Distributed and Concurrent Systems
Hands on knowledge of system integration patterns 

What does success look like?

Youll have onboarded and found your place through understanding your team and tribe vision and how you can contribute
Youll understand how our values can help you guide your work
Youll understand the reasons behind problematic payments and customer difficulties and how to go about solving them
Youll be raising the automation level to enable scaling of the product
Understand our customers and the impact our product makes in their lives 
Youll help us scale-up and build a world class money transfer product by finding solutions to our technical challenges and opportunities

What you get back:

The autonomy to solve problems your way
The freedom to have real impact
Loads of development opportunities 
A fun work environment with social activities and events
The opportunity to work with super smart people

The salary ranges between HUF1,150,000 - HUF1,500,000month with an RSU package. 
Furthermore, find out more about our benefits in our  Budapest  office. 
Interested? Find out more:

 How we work - a practical guide
 Wise Vlogs: Omar, Engineering Lead 
 The Wise Tech Stack, 2022 edition
 Our Engineering career map

...or check out our Engineering blog.
Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, qualifications arent that important to us. If youve got great experience, and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.
And because we believe that diverse teams build better products, wed especially love to hear from you if youre from an under-represented demographic.
LI-ZK1Salary (monthly)1 150 000 Ft—1 500 000 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.