Were looking for an experienced Learning and Development Functional Lead to look after our operational training programs and teams across Servicing Operations functions globally (impacting 3000 Wisers from KYC, Financial Crime, Customer Support, Payment Operations and other). 
The ideal candidate is commercially minded, driven and goal- oriented lead with a strong background in designing and delivering effective technical training programs, leading a team of trainers, and working collaboratively with cross- functional teams. As the Senior LD Functional Lead, you will impact the planning, implementation, and evaluation of all cross- functions training and people development initiatives within the Servicing Operations function.
You will partner with your business functions, global Learning and Development team and the rest of the People teams at Wise. You will be functional lead for the Servicing Operations training teams who manage the operational day- to - day functional training activities within their function.  
 
Your Mission:


Develop and implement a comprehensive training strategy aligned with business needs. 


Build a strong Servicing Operations Training Tribe to help our business training teams build a scalable, relevant and innovative learning culture and programs within their function to up-skill the Wisers in achieving their development goals and meeting the regulatory requirements. 


Guide and mentor a sizeable able team of trainers as a functional lead for the Training Tribe and ensure they are skilled and knowledgeable in their field of competence, as well as in the design and delivery of our training programs.


Collaborate cross functionally and establish solid relationships with key stakeholders, aligning best practices in learning and development with the needs of the business. 


Lead the design and delivery of technical training, as well as learning and people development initiatives that will support speed to competency and performance of our operational teams. 


Partner with the global LD team and Servicing Operations Training Tribe to ensure a smooth onboarding for our newbies across our many locations.


Contribute to developing and implementing metrics to measure the effectiveness of training programs and make recommendations for improvements.


Communicate clearly and effectively during transformation projects, bringing stakeholders and teams along in any change initiative and managing expectations accordingly.


Stay up-to-date with the latest training and development trends and technologies and recommend new approaches to enhance the effectiveness of training programs and help Servicing Operations shape the future plans towards our Mission.


 
Requirements:


University degree  (or equivalent experience) in HR Management, Instructional Design, Learning and Development, Education, Andragogy or a related field.


Considerable experience in learning and development, with demonstrated experience in a leadership role (team or program).


Demonstrated experience designing and delivering effective training programs.


Strong leadership and stakeholder management skills, with the ability to motivate and develop a team of trainers.


Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to communicate complex information to diverse audiences.


Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.


Experience using learning management systems (LMS) and other training technology tools.


Ability to work independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced, dynamic environment on a global scale.


If you are a highly motivated and results-driven individual with a passion for learning and development, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity to join our team as the Senior LD Partner.
What do we offer: 


Company Restricted Stock Units


Numerous great benefits in our Tallinn office 


Key benefits:


Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible


Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities


6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave


If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV and Cover Letter in English. Please note that we dont offer visa or relocation support, therefore we only accept applications from people already in Estonia. 
 Salary (monthly)3.830—3.830 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.