



Senior Business Development Manager - Wise for Banks
250,000-280,000  RSU  Benefits
Were looking for an energetic, entrepreneurial North America Senior Business Development Manager, who is passionate about the Wise mission  money without borders. Youll be a part of the Wise Platform team, helping deliver world class payment service solutions to our partners and their customers, powered by the Wise infrastructure.  
Weve launched partnerships globally, with the likes of Google Pay, Aspire, Xero and Mandiri, and today have 70 global banks and platforms connected and powered by Wise Platform. Were looking for a sales or partnerships leader with a track record of experience working withselling to Banks and Financial Institutions in North America, to take Wise and Wise Platform integrated partnerships to the next level with the most senior banks in the region.  
A bit about the role:
The role is based in our Austin, TX office, but you will also work closely with the Regional North America and Global Wise Platform teams based in our offices around the world. You will also work closely with other functions, including product management, compliance  legal, implementation and engineering.
You will be a senior leader in our Business Development team in North America, owning key opportunities with the largest banks and financial institutions, driving initiatives to expand Wise Platforms capabilities and building out Wises enterprise expansion footprint in North America. 
Your mission: 

Work with the Wise Platform team to build, close and deliver a strong pipeline of bank and financial institution partnerships across our target verticals in North America, driving revenue and volume growth for Wise
Develop and execute the growth strategy for Wise Platforms partner portfolio, brand footprint and cross-border payments market share in North America
Collaborate closely with other Wise teams like engineering and compliance to develop and enhance Wise product capabilities in North America through new integrated partnership opportunities
Work on projects and initiatives to improve our sales processes and approaches both within the NorthAm region and globally, such as helping iterate our pitches and messaging, our pricing strategies, go to market efforts - or anything else that helps drive growth

A bit about you

Youve sold tech products, ideally API solutions, into banks or large FIs - and can show end to end, high impact partnership delivery examples here 
Youre hands on - happy to lead your own discussions as well as supporting our business development team with their pipelines
Youre a natural leader - able to build and develop a high performing sales team, defining a clear plan with the team and quickly adapting as needed
Youre as comfortable technically - helping a partner solution the best way to use Wise Platform as you are discussing commercial and legal terms 
Youre business-minded - and have worked with multiple operational teams in the past to grow a business unit holistically
Youre analytical - data driven on where the team should be spending time and on scoping, sizing, prioritising and driving opportunities
You have a strong head for economics - being responsible for owning and supporting financial negotiations with partners to meet targets and quotas
You are Mission-driven and customer-focused - looking for synergistic partnerships that will benefit the customer and contribute to the Wise Mission

Some extra skills that would be awesome

Worked in a startup environment previously or have had a broad focus across multiple partnerships streams
Be familiar with the financial services and regulatory landscapes in North America and understand how the remittance landscapeinternational payments work today

A bit about Wise:
Since 2011, weve had a clear mission: money without borders. Built by and for people who live global lives, were the fairest, easiest way to manage your money across borders.
Were just at the beginning of our story and were growing at an incredible pace, already moving 27bn of international payments for customers and partners each quarter (and more than half of that instantly!). We wont stop until anyone, anywhere can send, spend and receive money wherever they are, whatever theyre doing. Theres still heaps to do and we cant do it alone.
Our People:
At Wise, youll be joining a movement of people who believe in a better, fairer, more transparent way of moving money around the world. Youll collaborate to do your best work and take on problems that no one has looked at before.
If youre keen to learn, grow, try new things and arent afraid of a bold plan, youll fit right in.
How we work:
At Wise our strategy emerges from the collective brainpower of all our people, who are organised in dozens of independent, autonomous teams. Teams stay closest to our customers, so they choose what problems to solve and where to spend the most time.
Youll experience radical levels of ownership and empowerment within your role. Plus the opportunity to see the direct impact of your work on our customers.
Key benefits: 
  RSUs in a rapidly growing company after a year with us
 Hybrid working model  A combination of work-from-home and from the office 
  Wisers can work remotely for 90 days a year. By remote we dont just mean from home, but from wherever in the world you choose to
  An annual self-development budget
  Medical, dental,  vision insurance  including HSA and FSA options
  Company-paid: Life Insurance, Short  Long-Term Disability, and an EAP program
  25 days PTO, 15 sick days, 11 bank holidays, 5 compassionate leave days, 3 paid Me days and a paid volunteer day, annually
  A paid 6-week sabbatical leave after four years
  18-weeks of paid parental leave, after a year with us
  401k with up to a 4 employer match
 BuiltIn Award winner for Best Places to Work and Best Large Places to Work
Click HERE for more info on our benefits - Austin




Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, qualifications arent that important to us. If youve got great experience, and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.
And because we believe that diverse teams build better products, wed especially love to hear from you if youre from an under-represented demographic.
LI-RA1Salary (annual)250,000—280,000 USDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.