Were looking for an experienced Treasury Manager to join our Treasury team in Singapore. This role is a unique growth opportunity in our Treasury within our newly created Markets team, with the ability to have a direct impact on Wises mission  Money without Borders.
Your mission: 
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. Your mission is to help us manage our risks in real time, and help us keep lowering our prices
Our Markets team manages the risk on our GBP 105bn FX book and our GBP 11bn of customer assets.
Heres how youll be contributing to the Treasury team

Using your experience managing dealing activities, you will help us manage group wide FX risks and manage liquidity trades to ensure we have money where our customers need it.
Own the local execution relationships with our panel of international banks and counterparties, ensuring we are negotiating on price, and optimising for both price and broader relationship whenever we trade
Taking ownership and propose updates and upgrades to our dealing approach, policies, controls and systems
Be an experienced leader adept at training and building high performance teams
Be part of the team rolling out new currencies and products, ensuring Treasury can manage the risk efficiently in time for new launches
Build and deliver reporting on dealing activities and monthly improvements as the role evolves
Bringing your external markets knowledge and experience to our teams to ensure we can keep growing at scale
Within our Markets area we also manage our cash and asset book of GBP10bn, this role will work closely with this team
Working directly with our product team to automate risk management and funding strategies once proven

 
This role will give you the opportunity to: 

Choose your path to impact - we believe people are most empowered when they can act autonomously. So rather than telling you what to do, youll work with your team to create a vision of your own. Of course, you can always gather feedback from smart, curious people across Wise but youll have the freedom to make your own calls
Be part of a rapidly growing team, in an expanding business, giving opportunities to expand the role as you grow
Be flexible in how you work, we understand everyone needs a little something different so well do our best to make it happen
Youll have the opportunity to travel and work with our teams globally
Grow as a leader  with our rapid growth, this role will need to be a source of markets expertise across our entire business

 
About you: 

Experience in a high paced, high flow, FX environment across a broad range of currencies, especially Asian Exotics
Confident dealing spot, forwards, swaps, and NDFs to manage live exposures
An experienced professional relationship builder with our banks and counterparties
A leader that has experience managing a small team
Experience in a change environment, with broad collaboration
Proficient prioritiser - you make the right decisions on how to allocate time and effort
You can easily communicate complex ideas to various crowds
You have delivered tools, processes or products that optimise and scale in the treasury environment (Trading, Cash Management,  Pricing, Risk management, etc)
Open approach to problem solving in a fast paced environment

Some extra skills that would be great (but not essential):

Experience in the payments industryfintech space
Experience with settlements and operating teams will be valuable
Experience with Asset Management execution (Bonds, MMFs etc)
ACT Qualifications

Salary: starting from SGD 170k per annum commensurate with experience  RSUs
LI-AH2
 Salary (annual)170,000—170,000 SGDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.