We are looking to hire a Financial Controller to join our EMEA Regional Controller team! Based in Brussels, you will assist in growing our finance capabilities to steer the organisation in the right direction ensuring compliance with accounting, regulatory and tax requirement. You will have the opportunity to work with a wide range of stakeholders as well as be an integral part of the international finance team.
A bit about the role

Work with Regional Controllers, Group Accounting, Reporting  Tax teams to ensure financial compliance, including controlling local audits, outsource firms and financial regulatory relationships.
Be the regional teams (Expansion, Compliance, Product  People)  main point of finance contact in ensuring that all new entities, products, legislation etc are understood and finance is prepared for all changes, ensuring the customer product is understood and optimised for growth.
Work with finance teams (Finance Product team (software engineers) and Group Accounting to ensure systems, controls and processes are prepared for regional requirements, with clear definitions and change management.
Review monthly and quarterly financials to ensure all accuracy of your entities.

A bit about you
Experience:

Specific Belgium GAAP accounting experience
Significant experience in either financial controlling, financial audit, financial advisory or management accounting, good knowledge of IFRS  EU 16062002 Regulation on the application of international accounting standards (IAS) and mature financial controls for European entities 
Managed a complex stakeholder group internally and externally to the organisation
Communicated with internal or external stakeholders on a regular basis, submitting reports, clarifying requirements etc
You are a self starter and can organise your own work (youll get a lot of support but soon youll be the expert here)
Experience in regulated environment, Fintech or Financial Services preferred

Skills: 

You are accurate and detail oriented, great at finishing detailed jobs
You can take responsibility and make decisions independently, great at organising your own work schedule with little or no guidance
Able to communicate complex issues to all levels of internal and external stakeholders
Have an ability to move beyond Excel and dig into raw data
You get finance and accounting terminology and have ability to understand importance of tax and regulatory rules  frameworks
You have a strong understanding of basic accounting principles. 
Strong understanding of IFRS.

Type of person:

You have a passion for what were building at Wise and you will work on any financial requirements
You are keen to roll up sleeves and get the job done, we all do our own Excel still
You are proactive and take the initiative to get things done
You are humble, comfortable operating with a high level of uncertainty, can act independently, be decisive and take responsibility
You are open to self-development, willing to gain experience, improve your skills and keen to learn new tricks
You are detail oriented, with ability to deliver and communicate complex areas on time and succinctly
You are able to work with multiple teams within and outside of finance as well as internationally on projects or ad hoc requests as required, with flexibility and a can do attitude.

You feel passionate implementing your skills and knowledge in creation and improvement of controls framework and internal processes.
What do we offer: 

Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Brussels office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

If youre interested in the position, please apply for the latest 27.10 by submitting your CV.Salary (monthly)7.800—10.250 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.