Wise is one the fastest growing companies in Europe and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 16 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money across borders easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply. 
Therefore, we are building a new one.
For our customers, using Wise should feel as simple as sending a text message. Yet behind our app and website lies a complex, one-of-a-kind engine of currencies and routes thats being designed, built and powered by our talented teams in cities around the world. With new capabilities being built every day, theres still a lot to figure out, and we cant do it alone.
So, we need a Software Engineer to join our mission and help us build a global platform thats scalable, reliable and secure. Youll dive right into projects on authorisation and authentication, as well as security tooling and automated controls.
Heres how youll be contributing to the Engineering Team:

Working closely with product and platform engineers and finding new ways to protect our customer data and funds
Make embedding security easier for product teams by providing ready-to-use security features (e.g. automated controls, security libraries and services that help maintain confidentiality, availability and integrity)
Designing and building new approaches to improving the overall security posture of Wise

Is this you?

Great communication skills and the ability to articulate complex, security concepts to other audiences
Readiness to move fast and adapt quickly to change
Experience with a microservice architecture
Solid Java 8 plus knowledge
You believe in and follow best coding practices, code reviews and open feedback
You are security-conscious, security-literate and security-driven

 
Some extra skills that would be great:

Experience working with relational and non-relational databases
Experience working with streaming platforms and event driven architecture
Experience dealing with security audits and threat modelling
Experience with Spring Framework, JavaScript, Typescript and React

 
What you get back:

The ability to choose your own path to success  youll have the freedom to define the vision 
The freedom to have real impact
The opportunity to inspire teams 
A fun work environment with social activities and events

Find out more about our benefits in our London office.
Interested? Find out more:

 How we work - a practical guide
 Wise Vlogs: Omar, Engineering Lead
 The Wise Tech Stack, 2020 edition
 Our Engineering career map
Wise Engineering - https:medium.comwise-engineering

...or check out our Engineering blog.
What do we offer: 

Starting salary: 80,000-115,000  RSU
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our London office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

LI-AB3
 Salary (annual)80,000—115,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.