Regulatory Expansion Lead - Asset Products, North America
Wise was launched in 2011 with the vision of making international money transfers fast, cheap, fair, and simple. Today were about much more than just moving money. Were building the worlds best international account experience. 
Wise sends more money into and out of the US than any other country. Our bank,  payment partner and regulatory relationships determine the quality and breadth of our product. So, were on the hunt for an executor with an analytical mind and strong communication skills to join the Banking  Expansion team in North America. 
In 2021, Wise launched Assets in the UK, a new type of account. Assets allows customers to back the money they hold with Wise through different asset classes such as stocks or bonds while retaining the instant access and spend functionality of a checking account. 
Were looking for a Regulatory Expansion Lead - Asset Products, North America
to join our New York City office. Youll be responsible for expanding the Assets product to the US and supporting the broader North America Banking  Expansion team, including building strong commercial relationships to enable the best product experience for our customers. 
Youll work closely with the Assets Product team, an autonomous team within Wise consisting of Product Managers, Designers, Engineers, Product Compliance and Operations. Youll provide the team with local financial markets expertise, shaping the product vision and helping change the future of finance. This isnt just a job, its a revolution!
Your Mission:
1 - Expand the Assets product to North America

Lead and manage the end-to-end process of applying for a broker-dealer license in the US.
Analyze the optimal route to market for the Assets product, taking into account how customer needs differ by market, product functionality and regulatory requirements
Build a good relationship with US regulatory authorities to ensure a smooth licensing process and success once the license is granted 
Ensure that the operating model agreed with regulators is efficient and aligns with our product and customers needs 
Source and  or hire any personnel that may be required to obtain the license such as a local compliance officer or financial controller  
Liaise closely with teams across Wise such as Product, Engineering, Operations, Finance and Compliance to ensure that we have the necessary resources and processes in place to successfully sustain operations 

2 - Build strong commercial relationships

Identify new commercial relationships with investment managers, banks and payments partners to optimize the product experience for customers in terms of price, coverage and available asset classes 
Onboard new partners and negotiate contracts, taking into account commercial priorities as well as risks 
Manage our existing commercial relationships to ensure that they are delivering the best outcomes for our customers in terms of price and coverage  

3 - Identify new strategic opportunities

Shape the product vision and roadmap alongside the Product Manager, thinking about our customer needs, blockers and opportunities  
Work closely with the Product Manager and the wider team to prioritize opportunities taking into consideration the product roadmap, resource and product build requirements 
Identify and size new product ideas to to test, build, and launch 

You may be a good fit if:

Led the end-to-end process for expanding financial services products to new markets, including scoping route to market and applying for new licenses from local regulators
You are familiar with the US financial services industry and understand different financial products and how they work, as well as their risks and target markets 
You have negotiated commercial relationships with a clear product vision and understanding in mind. You are able to figure out the ideal operational and commercial process with new partners
You are familiar with how US fund managers and financial institutions work. You are strong at managing those relationships and are constantly creating opportunities to improve them
You have a good understanding of US investment services regulation in a changing environment
You have worked in a fast moving environment, are happy to work independently, flexibly, and take initiative. You have demonstrated this experience by growing an early stage product into something larger
Youre hands on and a strong individual contributor.  You are able to operate at many levels of detail, flipping between executing as an individual contributor and building support from cross-functional stakeholders for new ideas and initiatives. We work in autonomous teams, so youll need an entrepreneurial and collaborative mindset to thrive
You have fresh ideas - You dont accept the status quo, but are interested in solving problems in novel ways. You are able to communicate the impact of those ideas, gather stakeholder buy-in, and formulate plans to implement them
You are passionate about our mission and transforming the financial industry for good
You have flexibility for some international travel (around 10-20 of time)

Requirements

4-7 years work experience in asset investment management, investment corporate banking, capital markets or other similar role within financial services, financial technology, startup or technology companies 
Bachelors degree in relevant fields such as Finance, Accounting, Economics, Business Management, MathematicsStatistics, Computer Science etc. 
Series 7 - General Securities Representative qualification
Series 24  General Securities Principal qualification 
Detailed knowledge of US financial systems including banking and investments infrastructure, payment rails, regulatory agencies and regulations
Ability to structure and independently lead commercial relationships (e.g., clients, service providers or other partners) and cross-functional projects, including demonstrated ability to align closely with Product, Engineering, Operations, and Compliance teams with a solid track record of execution 
Excellent verbal and written communications including executive-level presentation, negotiation, and communication skills 
Proficiency in financial and business analysis including demonstrated Excel  Sheets skills
Right to work in the US

Key Benefits: 

  RSUs in a rapidly growing company 
 Hybrid working model  a mix of working from home and from the office
  Wisers can work remotely for 90 days a year. By remote we dont just mean from home, but from wherever in the world you choose to
  An annual self-development budget
  Medical, dental,  vision insurance  including HSA and FSA options
  Company-paid: Life Insurance, Short  Long-Term Disability, and an EAP program
  25 days PTO, 15 sick days, 11 holidays, 5 compassionate leave days, 3 paid Me days and a paid volunteer day, annually
  A paid 6-week sabbatical leave after four years
  18-weeks of paid parental leave, after a year with us
  401k with up to a 4 employer match
  Heres more info on our benefits in New York

Were people without borders — without judgment or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
And because we believe that diverse teams build better products, wed especially love to hear from you if youre from an under-represented demographic.Salary (annual)175,000—200,000 USDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.