Wise is one the fastest growing companies in Europe and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 16 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money across borders easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply. 
So, were building a new one.
We need a Senior Software Engineer to join our mission and help us build a global platform thats scalable, reliable and secure. Youll dive right into projects on data governance core systems and internal tooling.
About the role 
We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer with a data security and privacy mindset to join our Data Governance team.
It is imperative that we protect our customers money and data. In addition, there are many interesting challenges when it comes to meeting regulatory requirements world-wide. As a Senior Software Engineer in the wider Platform tribe and Engineering organisation, you will have an opportunity to directly affect data governance engineering strategy, building production systems ensuring we have strong and effective data governance controls in place, to detect and mitigate risks across our systems.
Data Governance team develops and operates Wises data governance systems and tooling integrations with the numerous data technologies and services powering the Wise mission.
How we work
We operate on a strong belief in automation, programmatic implementation, and reusable design. Were looking for people who can step back and think holistically about the ecosystem, but also follow through and help implement the design; drawing on the resources across the rest of the platform tribe.
As we grow, our services architecture and data ecosystems get more complex. We need to sustain this growth by ensuring automated controls, with a focus on availability, security, and ease of use. Were looking for an engineer with relevant experience who can analyse complex requirements and deliver simple solutions to help our teams achieve our mission with speed and confidence. 
As we scale we continue to push our teams to run autonomously. They are closest to our customers, so theyre empowered to decide what to prioritise and deliver, without being told what to do by leadership. This means they can move fast and run multiple projects at the same time.
At Wise we split our time between the office and home focusing on using the most appropriate place for our activities. Think about coming together in person for events which focus on coaching, community and collaboration.
What will you be working on?

Work closely with our Platform, Security and Privacy teams to ensure Wises data processing systems conform to security best practices and our policies
Architect, design and implement reliable data governance services and tooling
Help protect customer data and meet regulatory requirements worldwide
Contribute to our mission of building secure data systems and flows powering the rails for global finance that customers can trust

 
What do you need?

Solid experience as a full-stack or backend engineer during which you developed skills in technologies like Spring boot, Docker, AWS, REST APIs (frontend skills is a big plus)
Experience running large stateful data systems and production services in the cloud (AWS preferred)
Strong fundamentals in distributed systems design and development
Proficiency in one or more programming languages (Java, Scala, Python) (JVM based language essential)
A good understanding of relational databases, big data, and stream processing technologies (e.g. Kafka, S3, Flink, Snowflake)
Experience with enterprise data cataloguegovernance systems or eagerness to master them is preferable
Mastery of fundamental software engineering practices like good design documentation, unit testing, peer code reviews, and a preference for agile methods
Excellent communication, presentation, interpersonal and organisational skills to communicate effectively new processes and workflows, and interact with teams from different areas of the organisation
Ability to assess risk and impact to the business and individuals from a privacy and data protection perspective

You get back

The ability to choose your own path to success  youll have the freedom to define the vision 
The freedom to have real impact
The opportunity to inspire teams 
A fun work environment with social activities and events
Find out more about our benefits in our London office.

Interested? Find out more:

How we work  a practical guide
Wise Vlogs: Omar, Engineering Lead
The Wise Tech Stack, 2022 Edition.
Our Engineering career map
Platform Engineering KPIs
Scaling our Infrastructure; how we make it work
Wise Engineering  https:medium.comwise-engineering

What do we offer: 

Starting salary: 80,000-115,000  RSU
Numerous great benefits in our London office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working  whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV.
LI-AB3 LI-HybridSalary (annual)80,000—115,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.