Were looking for a dedicated Suspicious Activity Reporting Specialist to join our growing financial crime fighting team in Budapest. This role is a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission and grow as a specialist in financial crime. Your mission is to protect our customers and Wise by reporting suspicious activity.
We are looking for individuals who are passionate about financial crime risk  and keen working in a fast paced and rapidly growing fintech environment.
Your responsibilities will be:

Analyse customer payment activity and profile
Summarise investigation findings
Independently prepare and submit suspicious activity reports to financial intelligence units
Establish and maintain effective professional working relationships at all levels of the organisation

A bit about you: 
As our ideal candidate you will ideally have previous experience of working either or in AML, fraud, internal controls, audit, law enforcement or investigating suspicious activity. 
In addition, you have excellent communication skills both in verbal and written skills in English (additional languages are a plus). More specifically, were looking for someone who can demonstrate they have these attributes: 

Theory. You are well versed in financial crime topics. Ideally you have previous work experience to demonstrate it. 


Practice. You have a demonstrable experience of analysing information (preferably related to financial crime). You have at least a Bachelors degree. You are comfortable articulating and justifying your decisions and making independent judgement calls. 


Passion. You are curious and proactive by nature, you love solving puzzles and you get a kick out of figuring things out and enjoy expressing your thoughts concisely and logically.   


Get the job done. You have a sense of urgency and ability to work well under pressure, prioritising, taking ownership and working to tight deadlines. 


Detail. You have meticulous attention to details, enjoy interpreting data and weighing different aspects (and risks) to make decisions. 


Development. Youve considered the challenges and development opportunities of working at a fast growing scaleup and are looking to contribute to Wises mission. Heres a taster of what its like working at Wise.


Location. Budapest. Youre located and legally authorised to work in Hungary.  

PS! If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV in English, as this is our working language. Please note that we only accept applications from people who are already located in Budapest as we dont offer relocation support. 
Company offers

Salary: 710,000 HUF 
Stock options in a profitable company
Wellbeing support - You and your family have access to an Employee Assistance Program, where youll be able to speak to qualified counsellors for support on anything that matters to you
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave
Hybrid model of flexible working

Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, where and what you studied isnt important to us. If youve got great experience, the right skills for the role and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.
And because we believe that diverse teams build better products, wed especially love to hear from you if youre from an under-represented demographic.
 Salary (monthly)710 000 Ft—710 000 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.