Wise is one the fastest growing companies in Europe and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 10 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money across borders easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply. 
So, were building a new one.
And, we need a Backend Engineer to join our mission and help us build a global platform thats scalable, reliable and secure. Were working on lots of exciting challenges, and youll dive right into projects helping consumers and businesses receive and send money from anywhere in the world.
Tribe you will be working with: Receive  Account
Receive  Account consists of two main squads: In the Receive Squad, we are working on making it easy, fast and cheap for people and businesses to receive money internationally. We own a wide range of products from the payin platform that powers all the money movement into Wises engine, to local account details that enable customers to receive like a local. As a faist growing area, were working on adding new products and making our system even more robust and scalable for the future.
The Account Squad aims to provide an International Banking experience to all our customers, wherever they are based. Some of the products we are working on involve creating a platform that allows our customers to hold, spend, send, receive and invest their money. We build and iterate on core customer experiences. With our customers and scalability in mind, we are continuously challenging ourselves to improve the experience from a product and technical perspective.
What does it take?

A strong product mindset and passion for user experience, you prioritize work with the customers in mind and make data-driven decisions to fix customer pain-points
Great communication skills and the ability to articulate complex, technical concepts to non-technical audiences
Ability to work independently while also being a good team player. Your work will frequently involve cross-team collaboration.
Ability to break down complex projects into incremental milestones that deliver customer value
Experience in developing web applications and distributed systems in a production environment
Experience with common design and architectural patterns coupled with a passion for writing clean code that is performant and well tested 
Curiosity and drive for continuous learning and improvement
Following and advocating best coding practices, continuous delivery and code reviews
Experience working with relational and non-relational databases, query optimisation and designing schemas is a plus
Knowledge of Java and Spring boot and experience with a messaging system, like Kafka, is a plus

but dont worry we dont expect you to know everything!
What does success look like?

Youll have onboarded and found your place through understanding your team and tribe vision and how you can contribute
Youll understand how our values can help you guide your work
Youll understand the reasons behind problematic payments and customer difficulties and how to go about solving them
Youll be raising the automation level to enable scaling of the product
Youll understand our customers and the impact our product makes in their lives 
Youll help us scale-up and build a world class global banking product by finding solutions to our technical challenges and opportunities

Interested? Find out more:

 How we work  a practical guide
 Wise Vlogs: Omar, Engineering Lead 
 The Wise Tech Stack, 2020 edition
 Our Engineering career map

or check out our Engineering blog.
LI-AT1Salary (annual)46.000—64.000 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.