Wise is one of the fastest growing companies in Europe and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got over 16 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money across borders easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply. 
So, were building a new one.
And, we need a talented Engineering Lead to join our mission.
 
The team youll be working with:  Treasury Ledger Team
The Treasury Ledger team plays a pivotal role in upholding the financial infrastructure of our organization. True to its name, this team is at the forefront of providing essential support and maintaining the intricate business logic behind our Treasury Ledger service. This service, a core component of Wise, seamlessly integrates with the full spectrum of products we offer, serving as the backbone for calculating our assets and liabilities with unwavering accuracy and in real time.
We are looking for an experienced Engineering Lead to join the Treasury Squad, leading the above areas. You would be responsible for shaping and delivering some of the key initiatives like: 

Improving the scalability and reliability of the treasury ledger infrastructure to provide real time data with consistently meeting technical SLAs; 
Designing and implementing real time data streaming flows to enable real timelines of financial data  controls that is relied upon for critical downstream processing - such as risks hedging and liquidity management; 
Building an accessible Treasury Ledger platform to make real time, accurate financial data available to all the stakeholders. As the data volume that ledger processes is growing exponentially, along with the need to make the data available in real time, with good controls and accuracy, this is a great opportunity for someone to have a huge impact in shaping and leading the delivery of systems that are scalable and reliable.

Your role in the team:

Working with different products and stakeholders
Designing and building near real-time processing and transformation pipelines
Improve the onboarding process by making it easier and robust to speed up shipping of the products
Work with product managers and analysts to setup better controls for the data we have and align stakeholders on these
Support and ensure that the team is meeting strict technical SLAs for processing
Supporting big data pipelines (dealing with Terabytes of data, with the data volume almost doubling YOY) to prepare data that can be used for real time as well as monthly reporting


Being responsible for the overall health and productivity of the engineers within your team
Providing feedback on architecture and approach and helping team make data-driven decisions 
Having an overview of whats happening across the organisation and thinking about engineering as a whole
Rolling your sleeves up and coding, being involved in the entire process. Your hands-on involvement may reduce as the team size increases.

 
Is that you?

Experience leading, coaching and mentoring driven and high performing teams
A passion for international finance, foreign exchange and payment systems 
Comfortable working on big challenges and taking full ownership of the customer journey
Experience building and designing scalable and performing systems
Experience working with Java, Spring framework (or similar), asynchronous event driven microservices based architecture
Comfortable with SQL databases, optimisation and transaction

but dont worry we dont expect you to know everything!
Nice to have bonuses:

Experience with Real time streaming frameworks technologies (Kafka Streaming, Apache Flink, Amazon Kinesis, or others)
Experience with Analytical Data Warehouses (Snowflake, Redshift, ClickHouse, or others)
Domain Experience: Financial accounting, IFRS Reporting

 
What does success look like in this role? 

Youll build a good understanding of the domain and an overall understanding of the Wise business
Youll have found your place in our mission by understanding how to drive engineering solutions and look to future challenges
Youll understand our customers and the impact our product makes in their lives 
Youll make contributions to the wider engineering goals of the company
Youll inspire a team environment where ideas are shared and openness is valued
Youll help us scale-up and build a world class money transfer product that impacts millions of customers

 
What you get back:

The ability to choose your own path to success - youll have the freedom to define the vision 
The freedom to have real impact
The opportunity to inspire teams 
RSUs in a growing company
Relocation and visa expenses covered

Find out more about our benefits in our Tallinn office.
Interested? Find out more:

 How we work - a practical guide
 Wise Vlogs: Omar, Engineering Lead 
 The Wise Tech Stack, 2020 edition
 Our Engineering career map
 Engineering career journeys at Wise

...or check out our Engineering blog.
 
Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, qualifications arent that important to us. If youve got great experience, and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.
And because we believe that diverse teams build better products, wed especially love to hear from you if youre from an under-represented demographic.
LI-AP1 LI-Hybrid

 
Salary (monthly)5.500—7.500 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.