Were hiring for a Senior Payroll Manager to join our global Payroll Team. The role will be based in Austin, Texas.
Reporting to the Global Head of Payroll (based in the UK), youll lead a group of Payroll Specialists to support our employees across the Americas, covering New York, Austin, Tampa, Brazil and Mexico.
Its a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission, support our employees in all things payroll and help save our customers millions of dollars. 
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. Were 5000 Wisers strong, with over 70 nationalities working in 25 locations around the globe! Were looking for a leader who lives our values, will help grow our culture, and drive our mission forward! 
Your mission

Were evolving our payroll model - youll have the opportunity to bring your operational skills and strategic leadership to help us build the payroll team as we continue to grow and scale.
Youll be accountable for a group of payroll specialists around the globe, leading their development and supporting them day-to-day. 
Youll work to optimize processes and create efficiencies in our current ways of working andor develop new ways while we implement payroll processing using our new global system while tackling tricky topics like compliance, internal audit and reconciliation across multiple countries for Wise. 
Youll need to call on the functional experts across the People Team to assist you as we expand. This will involve high levels of collaboration across People Operations, Reward, Recruitment, Analytics  Technology teams. 
Youll partner with our multiple third-party payroll teams and their advisors to identify solutions, reduce errors and process payroll more efficiently. 

The specifics

Implement, maintain, and review payroll processing systems to ensure timely and accurate processing of payroll transactions including salaries, benefits, garnishments, taxes, and other deductions.
Prepare and maintain accurate records and reports of payroll transactions.
Ensure compliance with federal, stateprovincial, and local payroll, wage, and hour laws and best practices.
Assist the companys audits by providing records and documentation as needed.
Identify and recommend updates to payroll processing systems and procedures.
Work with the Finance team to ensure payroll entries are properly recorded and reconciled to the general ledger.
Collaborate closely with the wider People and Finance Teams.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Ensure that the Americas payroll process is handled biweekly (US, Mexico)  monthly (Brazil)  and is timely and accurate for all employees.
Manage and provide guidance to the Payroll Specialist team.
Process payroll for assigned locations and assign locations to the team according to guidelines stipulated including coordination of the daily payroll operations, clock in and clock out (Workday), and validating data prior to transmission.
Ensure the timely and accurate submission of the following: payroll reports, tax reports, labor reports, garnishments, and 401(k) reports, and any other EBSA requirements. 
Responsible for reporting accurate processing of federal and state wage attachments, garnishments, and child support orders as required.
Generate the payroll tax file and verify mandated returns and remittances for all employees and the employer payroll taxes.
Accurate reporting of Company payroll tax files.
Reconcile and generate the GL accounting entries to accurately record the results of the payroll process with Accounting Team
Troubleshoot and analyze payroll system functions to ensure accuracy and compliance.
Ensure that the Companys payroll is in compliance with all Federal, State, and Local laws regarding minimum wage, taxes, etc.
Administer the reporting and payment processes required to reimburse or set up the receivables from employees.
Work closely with The Reward Team on the annual enrollment process and other special related projects as assigned.
Attend various meetings, phone calls to represent the payroll function on behalf of the Company and The People Team as requested.

A bit about you

Youre a payroll expert across NORTHAM  LATAM - youve had accountability and experience in all forms of preparing, processing, correcting, and auditing in all aspects of payroll.

Youve led people in a high growth, product or service lead company - you know how to deal with ambiguity, shifting priorities and come up with innovative solutions .

Influenced  led a global payroll team - youre able to grow, develop, lead and manage a team across multiple locations. 
Desirable: professional payroll certification to demonstrate your expertise and commitment within the field of payroll. 
Data-based, facts-centric decision making experience - youll base decisions on data and have clear KPIs for all your plans. 
Passion for payroll, people, and customer service - Youre not just going through the motions at work, you really love what you do. 
Leadership - You relish the opportunity to lead others and foster their personal and professional development, while striving for outstanding customer service. Always. 
Detail focused - youll have an eye for the details and an appreciation of data and analytics, using these two skills to drive your decisions.
Adaptable - you will be as comfortable working with ambiguity as you are with certainly. We need someone who can be agile enough to respond to changing priorities, but be able to hold clear on the long term path ahead.
Challenge status quo - were not a traditional business and we dont believe in doing things the same way everyone else does; neither do you. This comes to how we approach setting policies that dont make sense or introducing processes.

You must already be legally authorized to work in the US, we cannot provide visas or sponsorship for this role.
Key Benefits: 

 Competitive annual salary
  Stock options in a profitable company
 Hybrid working model  3 daysweek working in the office  Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
  Wisers can work remotely for 90 days a year. By remote we dont just mean from home, but from wherever in the world you choose to
  An annual self-development budget
  Medical, dental,  vision insurance  including HSA and FSA options
  Company-paid: Life Insurance  ADD Insurance, Short  Long-Term Disability, and an EAP program
  25 accrued days of PTO  15 accrued paid sick days  3 me (personal) days  11 paid banking holidays  a paid volunteer day, annually
  6-week paid sabbatical after 4 years with us
  18-weeks of paid parental leave, after a year with us
  401(k) with up to a 4 employer match
Plus more! Click HERE for more info on benefits

Heres a few articles for you to read to learn more about our culture and product

We inspire smart people and we trust them
What we do
How we work

LI-KE1Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.