Your Mission
Holding money with a bank is un-transparent and unfair. It is untransparent because you dont know what the bank is doing with your money, who they are lending it to and how much they are making from it. It is unfair because they provide you with free services which you dont know how much they cost to provide and give you almost zero return for holding your money with them. Unfortunately, as interest rates have increased around the world, this problem is getting worse as banks pocket a greater share of this income.
The Wise Account is our antidote to holding money in a bank. With our Assets product we enable our customers to decide how they want to hold their money. They can choose what it is invested in and what return it makes. We then charge a fair and transparent fee before returning the rest to them. Its simple; it is our customers money so they should benefit from the return it generates.
We have already launched this disruptive new product in the UK, Europe and Singapore. We need someone to come and help us take this to the next level and provide these services to millions more people around the world. 
Care to help us?

Heres how youll be contributing to Wise

Create and launch a new version of the current account by enabling customers to get a return on their money while continuing to spend and send without restrictions
Youll be working closely with Designers, Researchers, Developers, Compliance and Analysts to enable the team to make informed decisions and inspire the highest standards of execution
Youll report to the Account product lead, whose role is to help you find your own path to having a massive impact on the Wise mission


This role will give you the opportunity to

Directly contribute to our mission to make money without borders the new normal  you will need to figure out and build solutions so that our customers can move money instantly, conveniently, transparently, and  eventually  for free
Build world-class products: The role is a unique opportunity to build innovative, state-of-the-art solutions with a global impact
Choose your path to impact  we believe people are most empowered when they can act autonomously. So rather than telling you what to do, youll work with your team to create a vision of your own. Of course, you can always gather feedback from smart, curious people across Wise but youll have the freedom to make your own calls
Grow as a leader  You will build and inspire your own team, but also other teams to contribute to our mission.
Inspire teams from the entire company with your ideas, knowledge and self-starting attitude


A bit about you

You are a seasoned, hands-on Product leader with 7-10 years of experience building products as a Product Manager or a Founder.
You have launched a significant B2C product and bear the scars of the successes and failures along the way
You are customer obsessed, meaning you go deep into understanding them, identifying where to alleviate pain points and deliver empathy 
You have led multiple product teams but continue to be hands-on and roll up your sleeves to work on the execution, willing to wear any hat if that can help your team ship today instead of tomorrow
Youre hungry for quantitative growth, and youre numbers obsessed, with sufficient analytical skills to make sharp decisions quickly and independently
You have significant technical understanding that can help unblock decisions from engineering leadership
You have mentored or led another PM for at least 1 year
Experience in fintech or finance is not a requirement, as you are a fast learner and have proven so in every domain you have worked in


Our Offer

Base salary: 110k - 140k gross  year base (based on experience  interview outcomes)
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs): https:www.wise.jobswhat-we-doour-offer
Including our London office perks: https:www.wise.jobs20200707benefits-in-our-london-office
Salary (annual)110,000—140,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.