Your mission:Your mission is to build convenient  scalable tooling and products around Wises exchange of knowledge regarding financial crime investigations and compliance checks with external partners, and FIUs. Your products support large operational teams and effectively mitigate financial crime risks with minimal negative impact on customers experience.This role is a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission and push the limits of how financial crime risks are mitigated and large amounts of data is exchanged between different organisations.
Heres how youll be contributing to the FinCrime Squad:You will work as part of the FinCrime product team which is responsible for keeping our customers money safeYour mission within your areas is to build world-class solutions that will help meet regulatorypartner requirements in a fast, reliable, scalable, safe and cost efficient way.Youll be figuring out the vision and goals of the team, how to measure them and where to prioritise  youll inspire the team and define the product direction and run the road map together with them.Youll communicate your goals and long term strategy in an engaging way, as well as keep the team moving towards the vision.Youll work closely with operational teams to help them figure out how to streamline and automate manual processes.Youll work closely with other product teams in launching new products and unifying processes, participating or driving cross-team initiatives.
This role will give you the opportunity to:Choose your path to impact  we believe people are most empowered when they can act autonomously. So rather than telling you what to do, youll work with your team to create a vision of your own. Of course, you can always gather feedback from smart, curious people across Wise but youll have the freedom to make your own callsTruly make the world a better place by helping reduce crime. You will be stopping money launderers and will have a very clear and real impact on peoples lives.Work with a group of amazing and dedicated product managers, engineers, analysts, and operations.Work with a modern microservices system with key parts written In-house, which allows to move fast and build controls and experiences that are above industry standards and push the boundaries of what is possible.Grow as a leader  Grow and inspire your team to join our missionBe part of our mission to make money without borders the new normal
A bit about you:Youre an experienced Product Manager with at least 3-5 years under your belt. - you have shipped products or product features, interpreted feedback and data and made important iterationsYou have worked with an operations team and built product capabilities that help operations grow sustainably, improve efficiency and reach operational excellence.You believe in the Wise mission and know how to inspire a team to dream big, align on a common vision, and draw a clear path to get thereYoure passionate about growing your team and getting the best out of people as well as continuing to grow and develop yourselfYou have a clear understanding of how systems are built, are able to effectively work with cross-functional stakeholders
Some extra skills that are great (but not essential):Experience in Risk or Compliance and evaluate product decisions with a risk impact mindsetWorking with distributed product  operational teams.Knowledge in the Financial Crime or Fraud domainSalary (monthly)4.945—6.720 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.