Were looking for a financial crime manager to join our growing compliance team in Brussels. This role is a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission, grow as a specialist in financial crime and help save millions more people money.
 
Your mission: 
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. Your mission is to protect customers and Wise by keeping the bad guys away.
 
Your tasks:

Support with the implementation of the Belgian AML and ancillary regulations and the continuous compliance with those
Training of the compliance operational teams with regards to Belgian AML and ancillary regulations
Implementation of upcoming Belgian AML regulations
Drafting of the Wise Europe compliance operational policies
Working with the product teams in order to ensure the compliance of the products offered by Wise Europe with the Belgian AML and ancillary regulations 

 
This role will give you the opportunity to:

Develop an in-depth knowledge of Wises customers and products and how we are achieving Money Without Borders
Help keep our product safe from the bad guys
Choose your own path to success - youll be part of the compliance team in our Belgian entity and youll have the freedom to define the vision and the responsibility for making it happen
Play a role in helping the Belgian authorities to protect customers, beyond just Wise

 
A bit about you:

Experience in a second line compliance function of a financial institution
You have demonstrable experience designing and challenging processes, ideally across multiple products. You have thought deeply about the Wises mission and how it intersects with compliance
Analytical skills and the ability to draw insights from data and use that to drive 
decisions
Ability to multi-task and take responsibility in challenging situations: you are able to 
prioritize and manage multiple tasks simultaneously
Language: English mandatory

 
Some extra skills that would be great:

Previous experience in working in a compliance team of a financial institution regulated in Belgium
Able to speak French or Dutch fluently

What do we offer: 

Salary: 5300 - 7000 EUR
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Brussels office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

LI-JB1Salary (monthly)5.300—7.000 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.