About the programme
In 2023, we founded a Design Interns programme and were delighted to welcome new talent to our award-winning team again. 
We are looking for eight rising stars to join our Design team for a ten week paid internship programme. Design at Wise is a multidisciplinary team and we sometimes call it capital D Design. While our craft is varied, human-centered design and design thinking unite us. 
About Wise
Wise is a global technology company, building the best way to move and manage the worlds money.
Whether youre sending money to another country, spending money abroad, or making and receiving international business payments, Wise is on a mission to make your life easier and save you money. 
Since it was founded in 2010, 5,000 people work at Wise, from 125 nationalities, in 17 global locations. Check out what its like working here. 
About you
You have:

The ability to contextualize and build a narrative around your work
Analytical, assessment and problem solving skills
An open attitude to feedback and willingness to learn
Foundational knowledge of the design discipline you are applying for (we dont expect you to know everything, but you need to have enough skill to navigate the organisation and work)

You are:

You are graduating in 2024 or after from a Bachelors or Masters degree
Able to start a 10 week internship from the 24th of June 2024 until the 30th of August 2024
Eligible to work in the United Kingdom

We want to work with the best people, no matter their background.  If youre passionate about learning new things, have a good understanding of design and are keen to join our mission, wed like to hear from you. 
And because we believe that diverse teams build better products, wed especially love to hear from you if youre from an under-represented demographic.
Your mission
Youll be part of Wises global mission to build an open, fair, and human financial system - to make money without borders the new norm. Because people without borders need money without borders.
Youll be matched with a Wise sponsor in Design, collaborating with other Wisers and fellow interns on cross-functional projects. We plot our moves every quarter, and your mission will be mapped out with your sponsor. Youll have plenty of room to help define your scope.
Heres how youll be contributing:

Youll get to know Wise customers, building empathy and deep understanding of their needs
Youll be honing and flexing your craft skills in a collaborative environment
Youll be connecting with your sponsor, fellow interns, and the broader design community to inject fresh creative thinking into the business

What you get back: 

Have a real impact. Solve real customer problems
Fun offices with social activities - have a sneak peak of our London office
Be part of a global team with a global mindset
Meet with some of the most influential people at Wise on this programme
Be mentored by a Design discipline expert
Develop your craft and experiment in a live environment

 
Brand Design

 A portfolio that demonstrates good typography, layout and technical skills across brand andor marketing
You love to understand the why before diving head first into just making something look good 
Your design decisions are based on a rationale and youre able to present and explain it to your teammates
Youre developing a strong eye for detail. No mistakes in your portfolio please, so check it over a few times before sending across
We mainly use Figma over here. But dont worry if you only have experience with Adobe Creative Suite, youll be able to adapt
Nice to haves: Motion and 3D skills

LI-FS1Salary (annual)28,000—28,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.