Data Analyst - CRM 
We are looking for a Data Analyst to support our CRM function to improve the way we communicate with our customers. The candidate should be passionate about our mission of Money Without Borders as this role can have a critical impact on the mission. The role will work in partnership with our marketing teams to drive strategy and growth by providing data driven insights and recommendations based on experimentation.
In this role, you will have a unique opportunity to work with a rich dataset of over 16 million customers and uncover insights and build tools to help our marketing teams optimise our relationships with our customers. You will get the exposure to drive and build data products  tools that let us measure, optimise and scale our marketing activity.
Your mission: 
At Wise our mission is Money Without Borders - instant, convenient, transparent and eventually free. Whether our customers are sending money to another country, spending money abroad, or making and receiving international business payments, Wise is on a mission to make their lives easier and save them money. 
At Wise we have autonomous teams who are running a multitude of marketing channels. Marketing executives, creatives  analysts work together in these teams to get the right message in front of the right people at the right time.
Heres how youll be contributing:

Owning the CRM data and analytical domains and proactively making recommendations based on experiment outcome with experience in CRM advantageous
Own measurement  attribution in CRM: you collaborate with your team on how to track and quantify the LTV growth your channel drives and how it is measured and controlled for incremental effects
Improve how your channel forecasts and assesses performance and inputs recommendations to the investment framework
Get up to speed on all of Wises product features and ensure we can work with product teams to keep our customers informed in the most impactful way possible
Use customer segmentation to improve opportunity sizing and then using AB tests to improve performance and focus on the areas which impact LTV the most
Managing existing data pipelines and improve them to enable new customer segmentation where relevant
Optimise performance by running tests and deep analysis into segments (RFM and others), lifetime values (LTVs), return on investment etc.
Contribute to, own, create, track OKRs for your marketing team, keeping them accountable throughout the quarter

A bit about you: 

You have a background working in similar marketing analytics roles and have ideally worked on CRM programs before
You have advanced SQL skills
PythonR skills are advantageous 
Able to demonstrate that you can tell a  story and proactively give guidance on strategy based on insights
You are familiar with common marketing measurement tools  methodology
Youve successfully set up and run AB tests before and have a strong understanding of testing and experimental design
You have experience with data visualisation tools (Looker, PowerBI, Tableau etc.) and demonstrate storytelling ability with data
Youve worked with marketing teams andor external marketing partners and can manage senior stakeholders

What do we offer: 

Starting salary: 55,000 - 75,000
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our LDN office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

note: We are unable to provide relocation or sponsor visas
LI-JH1 LI-Hybrid
 Salary (annual)55,000—75,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.