Your Mission:
Wise aims to create the best banking experience for small businesses, without high rates, hidden charges and monthly fees. Youll help small businesses simplify their financial processes, saving them time and helping them grow internationally.
Heres how youll be contributing to Wise:

Time is money, and small businesses cannot waste theirs. The role of the business account team is to create a great experience for SMBs, making their experience with Wise seamless and efficient.  
Youll be working closely with Designers, Researchers, Developers and Analysts and youll enable the team to make informed decisions and inspire the highest standards of execution.
Youll report to the business onboarding  growth product lead, whose role is to help you find your own path to having a big impact on the Wise mission.

This role will give you the opportunity to:

Directly contribute to our mission to make money without borders the new normal  you will need to figure out and build solutions so that our customers can move money instantly, conveniently, transparently, and  eventually  for free
Build world-class products: The role is a unique opportunity to build innovative, state-of-the-art solutions with a global impact.
Choose your path to impact  we believe people are most empowered when they can act autonomously. So rather than telling you what to do, youll work with your team to create a vision of your own. Of course, you can always gather feedback from smart, curious people across Wise but youll have the freedom to make your own calls
Grow as a leader  You will build and inspire your own team, but also other teams to contribute to our mission.
Inspire teams with your ideas, knowledge and self-starting attitude

A bit about you:

You are able to get the team to dream big, align on a commonly agreed vision and draw a clear path to get there.
Customer-focus  Youve worked on a product with thousands or even millions of customers, ran surveys or research and interviewed people who used your product. Youre able to define the customer impact of product investments you make.
You have a track record of delivering excellent user experience on web, iOS and Android. You have a strong sense of UX and a strict attention to UI details.
Youre data-driven  You are able to dive into data to identify opportunities and then measure your impact. You prioritise the value you can add to customers, and can get the entire company behind you by telling stories with data.
You have a good technical understanding  help your team prioritise technological investments, tech debt reduction, bugs and new features.
Communicating clearly and logically  You are able to effectively frame problems to influence across the team. You are comfortable communicating with internal and external partners on challenging issues, whether in written format or at sprint planning with the team
You have experience in leading, hiring, coaching and mentoring driven individuals
Youre not afraid of being a true lead, helping your team with hiring, learning skills you dont know today to unblock things everywhere needed. You dont stick to a by the book product manager role definition. You get it done.

Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in. 
Also, where and what you studied isnt important to us. If youve got great experience, the right skills for the role and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.
Our Offer

Base salary: 110,000k  140,000 gross  year base (based on experience  interview outcomes)
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs): https:www.wise.jobswhat-we-doour-offer
Including our London office perks: https:www.wise.jobs20200707benefits-in-our-london-office

LI-DL1Salary (annual)110,000—140,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.