Sanctions Officer
Were looking to expand our Sanctions team in the Americas at Wise, so were looking to welcome new Sanctions Officer to join our crime fighting squad in the Austin office!
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. 
Youll receive a competitive package including a salary range starting at 72,500 annually  Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) in a profitable company  best in class benefits! (more info below )
Read more about our open roles and Wise here: https:www.wise.jobs
 
Your mission:
The Sanctions Investigations and Reporting team serves as the sanctions subject matter experts responsible for reviewing and investigating all potential violations of OFAC, E.U., UK and other sanctions programs processed through Wise. This includes: reviewing and final approval regarding escalated alerts on transactions and  matches to the OFAC, E.U., UK and any other applicable lists and programs; reviewing and approving licensed transactions; reporting blocked property and rejected transactions to the respective regulatory agencies; drafting and filing Voluntary Self-Disclosures to OFAC; investigation into potential circumvention attempts; advising teams on sanctions related issues and sanctions incidents; and coordinating with the Team Lead on ad-hoc sanctions projects, as appropriate. 
Duties and responsibilities:

Investigate and provide final decisioning on escalated sanctions cases for Level 3 review
Use investigative tools and web research to analyze vessel movements, beneficial ownership, and potential sanctions links to discount or identify potential sanctions concerns.
Prepare and review draft sanction fillings including block and reject reports to the HM Treasury (OFSI), OFAC, EU and other jurisdictional regulatory agencies
Provide advice and subject matter expertise on sanctions related issues, acting as a point of escalation for teams within Wise
Help to facilitate governance over sanctions listsscreening framework
Identify sanctions compliance issuesconcerns and make suggestions andor take corrective action to implement solutions to improve controlsoperations.
Assist in the review of sanctions related regulatory examination and internal audit deliverables.
Assist in the provision of sanctions related training for employees as needed.
Assist with drafting sanctions procedures 

 
Skillsrequirements:

Minimum 2 years of Sanctions experience
Strong knowledge of OFAC, UK and EU sanctions regulations.
Conduct legal and investigative research utilizing open-source research systems.
An understanding of SWIFT payments, trade finance and cross border payments.
Strong attention to detail.
Ability to multitask and manage multiple deliverables and a range of sanctions risk management responsibilities.
Strong interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent research and analytical skills.
Proven track record of taking ownership and responsibilities as well as being a great team-player
High ethical standards, respect for confidentiality and privacy.
You are able to persevere in a fast paced environment

Key Benefits:

 RSUs in a rapidly growing company 
 An annual self-development budget
 Medical, dental,  vision insurance  including HSA and FSA options
 Company-paid: Life Insurance, Short  Long-Term Disability, and an EAP program
 Hybrid working model  a mix of working from home and from the office
  Wisers can work remotely for 90 days a year. By remote we dont just mean from home, but from wherever in the world you choose to
 Relocation expenses covered
 25 days PTO, 15 sick days, 11 holidays, 5 compassionate leave days, 3 paid Me days and a paid volunteer day, annually
 A paid 6-week sabbatical leave after four years 
 18-weeks of paid parental leave, after a year with us
 401k with up to a 4 employer match
  2023 Austin BuiltIn Best Award winner for Best Places to Work and Best Large Places to Work
Find out more about our benefits in our Austin location.

 
LI-CL1Salary (annual)72,500—72,500 USDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.