Wise is one of the fastest growing companies in Europe and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 10 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money across borders easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply. 
So, were building a new one.
Were looking for an experienced and hands-on Device Management Engineer  Systems Administrator to help manage our existing fleet of devices and relevant infrastructure, as well as make sure theyre secure and fit for the job. We are looking for a Windows administrator.
Your main focus will be on managing our fleet of devices at a global scale - deployment, configuration and administration. Your work impacts everybody in the company, directly or indirectly. 
What youll be doing:
As a Device Management Engineer, you will work with the team to make sure our device management is fit for the purpose, help our Support teams across the globe and help us scale faster. You will also be closely working with our security team to respond to any incidents, help out with audits if it involves devices and be a technical support specialist across a range of aspects of our internal infrastructure.
The Device Management team works with other internal teams to scale our internal systems, keep them secure and user friendly so that the rest of the company gets to move without obstacles.
As we scale we continue to push our teams to run autonomously. They are closest to our customers, so theyre empowered to decide what to prioritise and deliver, without being told what to do by leadership. This means they can move fast and run multiple projects at the same time.
At Wise we split our time between the office and home focusing on using the most appropriate place for our activities. Think about coming together in person for events which focus on coaching, community and collaboration.
Your day-to-day:

Improve, modify and update any of the internal tools or platforms. For example, making sure we keep our devices up to date via SCCMInTune and Jamf
Automate processes to improve efficiency for the Device Management team at Wise
Document your areas and train others in your team in your tooling - create documentation about processes, participate in DR planning and exercises
Make sure that our infrastructure makes others lives easier, build redundancy into our infrastructure, make sure we have backups and recovery plans
Configure new platforms and tools if needed, to make sure theyre set up correctly and securely
Research and recommend new technologies, solutions, and services to enhance our IT infrastructure.

The experience youll need:

Minimum of 5 years of experience of professional experience in deploying and managing enterprise SaaS platforms. Examples: Google Workspaces, Jamf, Intune, SaltStack, cloud computing services (AWS, GCP, Azure)
Building and maintaining custom solutions using Python, Bash, Powershell, etc.
Great communicator - inter-team projects are our bread and butter, youll need to coordinate with several teams or even lead projects
Natural aptitude with technology - the more you know, the better, but more importantly you must love learning about tech, tools or services
Self-sufficient and somewhat independent - we are a global company with ever-expanding offices in different timezones. We support each other as much as we can, but there are times when youre the only one available in the timezone
Previous experience managing a large amount of devices in an enterprise setting
Experience using IaC tooling (Terraform, Ansible, etc.)

Bonus skills  experience:

Any networking experience - servers, routers, switches, VPNs, wireless setups, etc is also very beneficial

What do we offer: 

Starting salary: 64000-88000 EUR  Year
Numerous great benefits in our Tallinn office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

LI-AB3 LI-HYBRIDSalary (annual)64.000—88.000 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.