Your Mission
At Wise, we are fully devoted to our Mission: Money without borders. Instant, convenient, and eventually free. And we know that we can only get there if we are investing strategically to be able to expand fast and grow further. 
Wise has pioneered new ways to transfer money across borders. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. With over 16 million happy customers were already moving more than 9 billion in cross-border transactions a month. We serve a wide range of customers from personal users, freelancers, small businesses to enterprise businesses and banks.
Your mission will be to deeply understand the needs of North American customers and help your team to focus on solving their most critical problems.
The focus of this team is to ensure that money moves in and out of Wise in the most seamless, cost-effective, convenient, and fast way for customers. The goal for you, in this role will be to focus on and affect the parts of our product that will help us scale 10x as we enable core functionality for global money transfers. Our current teams work on problems across domains that result in more US customers using the Wise Multi-Currency Account.
At Wise career growth is about impact, not about reporting lines or titles. We are looking to hire multiple talented Product Managers to drive impact through unlocking value for Wise customers and businesses in the US banking ecosystem. We urge you to apply regardless of years of experience, title, or seniority- we use our interview process as a way to evaluate your skill sets and then identify where your skills best fit within our greater Product team. 
Some examples:

Adding local payment methods and integrations
Work on the future of Wises US payment infrastructure by talking with industry partners and regulating bodies to influence the next generation of payment methods (FedNow, RTP)
Find new ways to let customers move money in and out of the Wise ecosystem (new payment methods, point of entry via partnerships, improving existing experience via API and our Website or App)
Find, design and build new ways to increase payment limits, speeds and decreasing prices by innovating with our banks partners


Heres how youll be contributing

Ensuring your team spends their time on high-value areas, sorting signal from noise as necessary
Youll truly understand our customers and the impact our product has on their lives 
Unblocking execution across the team when it gets stuck by owning the details and being a true partner to engineers, spotting problems before they take root, and escalating or resolving them 
Youll guide your team to focus on, build and ship the features that make the Wise Account the best international banking solution in the US
Building conviction on high-value areas and challenging them if there are faster or more effective ways to grow the market
Youll inspire a team environment where ideas are shared and openness is valued
(Eventually) hiring, onboarding new team members across the team 
Youll help us scale-up and build a world class global banking product that impacts millions of customers
Youll make contributions to the wider product goals of the company to achieve our Mission: Money without borders


This role will give you the opportunity to

Choose your path to impact  we believe people are most empowered when they can act autonomously. So rather than telling you what to do, youll work with your team to create a vision of your own. Of course, you can always gather feedback from smart, curious people across Wise but youll have the freedom to make your own calls
Grow as a Product Manager  Grow and inspire your team and others across Wise
Get amazing exposure to the full breadth and depth of our product while working with a group of multi disciplinary teams of amazing, smart and dedicated product managers, engineers, analysts, researchers, designers and many more
The freedom to have real impact - The product youll build is key to Wise reaching future millions of customers and redefining how payments work internationally at scale
A fun work environment with loads of social activities and events
Be part of our mission to make money without borders the new normal


Things that might describe you as a Product Manager

Youre passionate about helping customers. They are at the heart of what you do and that empathy drives your decisions. You can identify the problems worth solving, and explaining your rationale with data (rather than assumptions and truisms)
Youre passionate about building high quality products, working on truly impactful challenges and taking full ownership of the customer journey
You are hands-on and enjoy delivering features - You have a natural curiosity for how the product is put together and passion for building it
You can inspire others - You are able to get your team to dream big, align on a commonly agreed vision and draw a clear path to get there, enabling your team to solve complex problems by breaking them down into small iterative steps of incremental value
Youre data-driven  You are able to prioritise the value you can add to customers, and get the entire company behind you telling a story with the data you have enquired.
Youre always learning - Whether its interviewing customers, designing UIs, writing code or modelling growth, youre not afraid to roll up your sleeves and learn the skills you dont have today to unblock your team

Extra skills that are beneficial but not mandatory

Knowledge of the US and Canadian payment systems and fintech ecosystem
Ability to self-serve analytically - experience of using SQL, or BI tools like Looker or Tableau
Experience in working with external vendors and negotiating with them 


Our Offer

Base salary: 160k - 220k gross  year base (based on experience  interview outcomes)
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs): https:www.wise.jobs20210326the-true-value-of-stock-in-a-high-growth-company-like-wise 
Numerous amount of best in class benefits: https:www.wise.jobs20211110benefits-in-our-austin-office
Fun fact: were 2023s Austin BuiltIn Best Award winner for Best Places to Work and Best Large Places to Work

LI-AY1LI-HybridSalary (annual)165,000—280,000 USDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.