Were looking for a Senior Finance Implementation Manager to join our fast growing Finance Product team in London or in Tallinn. This role is a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission by ensuring we build smart and scalable internal financial systems and empower millions more people with instant access to their money.
Your Mission
As a financial institution moving billions of GBP of customer money in more than 70 countries and being a publicly listed firm, Wise must have bulletproof financials.
Wise is rapidly expanding globally, creating new products to consumers and businesses, entering new jurisdictions and also offering new products . This is a unique opportunity to  lead complex projects integrating new Wise products and markets into Wises finance system.  This will support Wise in being financially compliant and ensures our bigger team can make timely, accurate and sustainable business decisions based on a global set of financials.
How youll contribute to our Mission

Our Finance Implementation team ensures that anything happening in Wise that has a financial impact is integrated into our financial systems and is properly recorded and controlled. This is a complex task and requires working closely with our product and engineering teams and finance stakeholders to understand how things work and how they will translate into compliant financials
Youll be responsible for understanding the whys and hows of the Wise and Finance integration and communicate across all stakeholders in finance, engineering and product
You will figure out a plan and work with a team of product managers, engineers, data analysts and operations specialists to integrate all new Wise products, regions and entities into our finance ledger
You will be owning large and complex integrations and you will support the team with clear documentation including requirements, detailed project plans, resource allocation, testing, delivery etc.
You will work with our internal finance teams, such as Accounting, Tax, Reporting and Financial Planning  Analysis to ensure clean, accurate and compliant financials in all our entities worldwide in a timely manner

This role will give you the opportunity to

Get amazing exposure - you will be omniscient. You will know almost everything about every product flow and geography that Wise is launching, while working with a group of amazing and dedicated implementation managers, product managers, engineers, analysts, and operations. You will learn everything you ever wanted to know about payments, banks, regulations and assets not just for one geography - but for the entire world.
Choose your path to impact  we believe people are most empowered when they can act autonomously. So rather than telling you what to do, youll work with your team to create a vision of your own. Of course, you can always gather feedback from smart, curious people across Wise but youll have the freedom to make your own calls
Work in a world-class international Finance Team, learn a lot about fintech and finance and drive financial sustainability of Wise, while also building a high-volume, real time financial implementation system
Work with a modern microservices system with key parts written in-house, which allows to move fast and build controls and experiences that are above industry standards and push the boundaries of what is possible
Be part of our mission to make money without borders the new normal

 
A bit about you
You create clarity. You have great communication skills that help you bring people together behind a common goal, manage multiple points of view and create clarity and organisation into complex problems and diverse teams. You should be able to explain complex concepts in simple terms while ensuring there is no nuance lost to stakeholders who may not be familiar with finance Youre hands on when it comes to product implementation and delivering features and building roadmaps. Youd do everything needed to make the team and the product successful. You get it doneYou have experience of managing end-to-end product integration lifecycles from scoping to delivery and post production support for ambitious, impactful customer  non-customer facing products in data-driven environments

Data-driven  You can pick up the signal from the noise. You are comfortable to dig deep into data, explore and make decisions based on insights
Youre familiar with SQL and can communicate big data  complex data sets clearly.
Youve applied agile software development methodologies and tools before
You enjoy getting deep into the processing logic. You like to be thorough and understand in-depth how things work and all their dependencies. You dont mind working in the non-customer facing team and bringing clarity to the team over complicated processes, while independently making sense of complex topics and breaking them down into smaller, more manageable pieces.

 Beneficial, but not mandatory experience

Finance  accounting background
Experience working with business analytics tools (e.g. Looker, Superset)
Passion for technical products and understanding of tech stacks used in software engineering


Our Offer

Base salary:  83,000 - 110,000 gross  Month base (based on experience  interview outcomes)
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs): https:www.wise.jobswhat-we-doour-offer 
Numerous amount of other benefits:  https:www.wise.jobs20200707benefits-in-our-london-office 
Salary (monthly)83,000—110,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.