A bit about the role
Wise Payments Limited as a regulated subsidiary of Wise PLC, is looking for a Head of UK Internal Audit to join our new and growing Internal Audit team. 
Your role will have 2 main scopes:

leading the internal audit process for Wise UK
leading and coordinating all financial crime audits on a global level

You will be covering a scope of both global and regional processes, and work with colleagues within the company and externally with partnering firms to deliver the work. The role presents a great opportunity to focus on the development and delivery of audit engagements in a fast paced environment, focussed on data driven audit techniques and continuous monitoring. Relevant experience working in assurance, risk or control roles and deploying technology enabled assurance is key to driving the internal audit agenda.
We are a newly formed team, therefore you have the unique opportunity to collaborate and shape the operations, methodology and approaches of the Internal Audit function, both regionally and globally. 
 
Your mission

Support the implementation and operation of the internal audit assurance framework, including development of continuous monitoring and automated audit routines.
Support key projects to deliver an aligned assurance model across Wise.
Develop the annual audit plan for the UK and the financial crime space, including the audit universe, risk assessment processes and budgeting processes.
Build and support a strong and self-sufficient internal audit team, locally and globally.
Oversee delivery of the audit plan to ensure timely and relevant audit outcomes. 
Monitor the implementation of Internal Audit recommendations by the teams,  measure the effectiveness of the improvements and report to oversight committees.
Develop strong relationships internally and externally, including with the Board and the local regulator. Be seen as a trusted advisor to the business.
Promote and help embed a strong control culture, driving meaningful and relevant assurance programmes at Wise.
Strategically lead your teams through audit programmes, business partnering, change management and other domains. 

 
A bit about you

You have proven experience working in risk, control or assurance and have strong experience and a specialism in Fincrime topics.
You have worked in technology, fintech or broader financial services industries.
Professional qualification: CPAACAACCACIACISA
You have working knowledge of the UK regulatory frameworks and requirements and have interacted directly with the Board and Regulators, providing clear messages of matters relevant to them.
You are able to work independently, you assume responsibility and you make your own judgement. 
You take ownership over complex areas and solve problems with no or very limited guidance. 
You have very strong coordination skills and you are able to hold teams accountable for meeting deadlines and delivering high quality outputs.
You seek to use data analytics and technology in your work and decision making processes. 
You demonstrate attention to details but can summarise key messages succinctly, verbally and in writing adjusting your style and level of information based on the target audience. 
You are passionate about driving change, making improvements and helping stakeholders.
You are not afraid of making decisions, can work autonomously and take initiative.
Youre a strong relationship builder across all levels of the business and externally. You manage and influence stakeholders with ease. 
You have managed the delivery of the audit plan, responsible for planning, staffing, delivery and reporting of multiple audit engagements.

 
Some Of Your Benefits

Stock options
Generous parental leave
Travel to other global Wise offices
Loads of growth and development opportunities
A fun work environment with social activities and events
The opportunity to work with super smart, curious people

LI-SS1
 Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.