We are looking for a Senior Team Lead to help us lead Cards Operations teams in Tallinn.The role is a unique opportunity to join one of the fastest growing companies in Europe and help millions more potential customers save money by using Wise. 
As a Cards Operations Senior Team Lead you will be a strong people lead with a mindset that enables you to simultaneously drive operational excellence. You will provide support, guarantee collaboration and embrace opportunities to consistently improve the state of Operations. 
Your Mission:
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. In this role, youll add to that mission by:

Develop strong Operations team leads and support them in building their teams;
Drive operational excellence within your domain, ensuring SLAs and KPIs are consistently met;
Ensure the sustainability of your domain by focusing on longer term scalability and efficiency;
Take ownership of plans for the domain and accountability in their delivery;
Work with product, engineering and other stakeholders to manage operational impact as well as identifying opportunities to improve the customer experience, increase automation or improve operational efficiencies

This role will give you the opportunity to:

Make an Impact - Youll help to identify and automate manual processes that complicate our customers lives, while increasing the efficiency of the whole operations organisation, driving us towards Mission Zero! 
Challenge Yourself - Youll be working with teams that face big challenges. You get the chance to question the norm and drive to make things happen instead of wondering why things happened. Through that you can learn more about yourself and what you are capable of when given the right tools and mentoring! 
Inspire Teams - Youll fuel this revolution with your ideas, knowledge, self-starter attitude, and customer insight, which youll use to work with product development engineers and other operational teams to help solve our customers problems! 
Work Globally - Were 5,000 Wisers with 125 nationalities located in offices from Tampa to Australia, and much like our product, we operate without borders across teams and locations. We get it done! 

A bit about you:

You are legally eligible to work in Estonia, we dont offer visa support nor relocation for this role;
Youre ready to work full time (40h per week), this is not a part-time opportunity;
Very good verbal  written English, any other languages are a plus;
At least 2 years of leadership experience (bonus points for lead of lead experience);
Ability to multi-task and take responsibility in challenging situations;
Ability to build and maintain good working relationships with key stakeholders internally in the company and externally;
Great communication and presentation skills to support internal and external projects;
Good understanding of and ability to analyse and move teams metrics, as well as agility to support different topics, projects and initiatives;
Proven track record of taking individual ownership and responsibilities as well as being a great team-player and people lead. 
Excellent people and intrapersonal communication skills;
Youre comfortable with feedback and being part of a team where ideas are shared and openness is valued.

 Salary (monthly)3.600—3.600 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.