Wise is one of the fastest growing companies in Europe and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 16 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money across borders easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply. 
So, were building a new one.
And, we need a talented Engineering Team Lead to join our mission.
Were looking for an IAM Engineering Lead to join our internal User Tech Service Management team in Tallinn. We have already over 85 people in User Tech spread across the UK, US, Europe and Singapore. 
This is a unique opportunity to bring your ideas and expertise to one of the fastest-growing tech companies in Europe.
As we scale we continue to push our teams to run autonomously. They are closest to our customers, so theyre empowered to decide what to prioritise and deliver, without being told what to do by leadership. This means they can move fast and run multiple projects at the same time.
At Wise we split our time between the office and home focusing on using the most appropriate place for our activities. Think about coming together in person for events which focus on coaching, community and collaboration.
Heres how youll be contributing to the team:

Create a seamless IT experience by offering all the tools and permissions people need to do the best work they can, and simultaneously avoid being a speed hump
Deliver scalable, stable, and well documented solutions with redundancy in mind
Create a roadmap for the IAM Engineering team and hold  your team accountable for achieving objectives
Brainstorm smart solutions, and challenge our processes and security controls to ensure they serve a practical purpose by solving real problems - theres no room for rubber stamping here
Do things in a sustainable and consistent way, including identifying and working through difficult decisions around scope and realistic delivery

This role will give you the opportunity to:

You as a leader - define the direction and empower your team to work interdependently to achieve goals in an autonomous environment
Help others to grow - you can see the potential in people and help them to raise to the next level by providing  receiving feedback, coaching and setting practical standards
Work with a diverse group of people from all over the world
Support our mission to make money without borders the new normal

About you:

Experience building Identity  Access Management services at scale in Cloud companies  (SaaS or IaaS) or building IAM products. 
You have a wealth of knowledge about Identity and Access Management (IAM) and Identity and access governance (IAG) Architecture
You have experience in an agile working environment and leading a high performing team 
You are passionate about simplifying and automating repetitive tasks
You have proven ability in creative problem solving
You have the ability to tailor communication to the audience - both to technical and non-technical people as needed
You are able to manage cross-team stakeholders and partners  vendors
You have experience in project management from vision and scoping to the final delivery and closure.

Must have skills:

Understanding of how HRIS systems work together with IdPs and other IT systems
Experience with IAM solutions such as Okta, Sailpoint and other critical services like Active Directory, Azure AD and G Suite 
Experience designing, building, and deploying cloud-based software architectures
Significant experience working with authentication and authorization protocols and frameworks (LDAP, SAML, SSO, OAuth, SCIM, OpenID Connect, etc)
Knowledge of security concepts in relation to Access Management 
Experience in managing, configuring and integrating services 
Experience with DevOps practices including infrastructure as code, continuous integration and automated deployment.

Bonus skills  experience

Experience in at least one of the following programming languages: Ruby, Java, Python, JavaScript, Go or CC.
Experience working with public cloud providers
Understanding of compliance standards such as PCI-DSS and ISO 270001 
You know how Disaster Recovery, Risk management, Project Management, Change and Incident Management works. 
Atlassian, Slack, G-suite, VPN

What you get back:

The ability to choose your own path to success  youll have the freedom to define the vision 
The freedom to have real impact
The opportunity to inspire teams 
A fun work environment with social activities and events

What do we offer: 

Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Tallinn office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

 
LI-AB3 LI-Hybrid

 
Salary (annual)66.000—94.000 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.