Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can manage their money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 16 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
And its not just our business thats growing fast, our team is growing too!
Were looking for a passionate English and Portuguese speaking Customer Support Associate to join our team in Tallinn. Youll play the key role in helping our customers have a great experience with Wise, as the link between our customers and internal teams.
We work differently and were proud of it! At Wise youll have the opportunity to grow your skill set and work across our entire business to make a real impact on real customers all around the world.
Heres how youll be contributing to the Customer Support team:

Help customers have the best experience possible with our product working across email and phone
Be flexible! Youll be covering variety of shifts - we work when our customers need us the most including early mornings, day times, afternoons, late evenings, weekends and public holidays as per business demand
Go above and beyond the call of duty: solve problems working together with other teams
Grow through mentoring and working with other teams, developing your skills and figuring out how to have an impact on our customers

 About you: 

Youre eligible to work in Estonia (EU citizens included), we wont be able to support visas for this role. This role is based in Tallinn, we dont support remote work.
Youre ready to work full time, this is not a part-time job opportunity
Your verbal and written English and Portuguese skills are excellent 
Youre flexible and adaptable, open to working days, evenings and weekend shifts
Youre cool under pressure taking charge in challenging situations and keeping your composure if things get tense
Youre able to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment
Youre a team-player and understand that having a great working culture is everyones responsibility, so you treat everyone with respect, you always give a helping hand, and you let our values guide you
You love learning new things and challenging ideas, not people.

PS! If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV in English, and answering the application questions in your own words and thoughts.Salary (monthly)1.675—1.675 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.