Were looking for a Customer Support Agent who has an excellent command of both Japanese and English to join our growing team in Tokyo. This role is a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission in helping our customers have a great experience when using Wise.
 
Your mission: 
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. Your mission is to bring about the best experience possible with our products, via email, phone and chat.
The role will give you the opportunity to:

Help customers have the best experience possible with our product working across email, phone and chat
Be flexible working during business hours but sometimes covering an early morning, evening or weekend shift (You will be taking other hoursdays off for these shifts)
Go above and beyond the call of duty: work with less supervision and solve complex problems working with other teams
Grow through mentoring and side projects with other teams, developing your skills and figuring out how to have a big impact on our customers
Work autonomously  at Wise you get in what you put out so youll need to take the initiative when it comes to your career progression

 
About you: 
You:

Hold Japanese citizenship, Permanent Residency or ChildSpouse of Japanese Citizen Visa (please note we cannot support some Visas for this role)
Have excellent verbal and written English and Japanese skills (If Japanese is your second language, JLPT N1 is required)
Are flexible. While youll set your own schedule, the requirements can change based on our customers needs, so we cant guarantee you your preferred shift and shifts may change over time
Have a razor sharp attention to detail. Can multitask and take responsibility in challenging situations.
You hustle. And hard. 
Ideally have worked in customer servicesupport before, but dont worry if you havent. Were willing to work with the right person as long as theyre passionate and always striving to give a great customer experience.

 
How we work:
We work differently and were proud of it. As part of our support team, youll play a key role in helping our customers have a great experience with Wise. 
Youll also be the link between our customers and teams, helping our product teams identify areas for improvement. 
Youll be expected to talk to our Japanese customers in a local business manner, but also help other regions customers in English. Our colleagues in the Tokyo office have agents with various backgrounds, nationalities and work professionally with their bicultural knowledge.
Theres no script and no hand holding and we trust each other to get stuff done. 
At Wise youll have the opportunity to have real impact, grow your skill set and work across our entire business.
This is not your average customer service job.
Interested? Check out this vlog to find out more about life in our Customer Support team.
NOTE: Please make sure your applications are submitted in English, as this is our working language.
 
Office: Otemachi, Tokyo
Key Benefits: 

Annual salary starting from 5,250,000 JPY (fixed and non-negotiable)
Stock options in a profitable company
Flexible working  whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Commuting allowance from your closest stations
Medical insurance
Annual medical check
Weekly team lunches 
A fun work environment with social activities and events
Loads of development opportunities 
The opportunity to work with super smart, curious people

And much more  check out more about our offer here.
 
Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, where and what you studied isnt important to us. If youve got great experience, the right skills for the role and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.

 ()  
Wise?
Skype
5000 





SNS




 



:

 ()　
 ( JLPTN1)










:










 




4

2　









()



 adjustmentswise.com Salary (annual)5,250,000—5,250,000 JPYWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.