Were looking for a Regulatory Product Compliance Manager to work alongside our Receive Product team to help expand our global offering for business and retail customers. You will closely work with the teams Product Managers, as well as provide support to a range of Engineers, Designers, Analysts and Operations Specialists to help grow our offerings globally. 
Your primary focus will be to help the Product team to identify and effectively manage regulatory compliance risks across a range of existing and new markets for business and retail customers globally. In addition, you will support the team as it seeks to bring to market a number of new initiatives and products. You will be expected to maintain a strong awareness of the impact of regulation on commercial viability and technological innovation.
Your mission
Launch New Products and Features:

Collaborate with Product Teams throughout the product lifecycle: from design and user testing, to launch and post-launch monitoring.
Empower Product Teams to take a risk based approach to building products, processes and controls.  
Collaborate to the built of  practical and customer oriented product solutions while ensuring that the product remains compliant;
Identify opportunities to improve our product proposition  competitiveness by thoroughly analysing relevant regulations and challenging existing interpretations and market practice. 

Manage and Mitigate Regulatory Risks: 

Identify and manage Regulatory Risks across all business markets, in collaboration with the relevant regional Regulatory Product Compliance managers; 
Perform pre-launch and ongoing risk assessments, offering effective advice to Product Managers on existing and forthcoming regulations, gaps and risks; 
Collaborate with colleagues in the Compliance teams, to ensure Product teams are aware of new and upcoming regulations that are of relevance

Maintain an enterprise wide view of risk:

Escalate breaches and high rated risks to Compliance Oversight in order to help maintain an enterprise wide view of Wises regulatory risk environment; 
Identify related risk typologies and ensure that the relevant specialist teams (e.g. Financial Crime, Privacy, Treasury, Finance)  have provided input into the product lifecycle;  
Assist Product Teams in developing and maintaining track of relevant risks across their product, including mitigation plans, action owners and timelines to completion. 

A bit about you

Previous experience providing Compliance advice within Financial Services
Previous experience working with an acquiring service provider or in the cards payments space is a bonus but not essential; 
Familiar with the evolving regulatory expectations in regard to payments industry
Ability to effectively communicate with Product Managers and Engineers and provide practical, actionable, and value added recommendations; 
Problem solving attitude, with the ability to use regulations together with data to drive business decisions; 
Experience (or interest) in working in a fast-growing technology driven environment; 
Willing to travel for about 25 of the time as Wise offices are located across different countries. 

What we offer in return

Competitive base salary
Generous stock options package
Pension and Private Health Insurance
Lots of awesome additional Wise benefits

Salary: 64,000 - 82,000 GBP
 
Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, qualifications arent that important to us. If youve got great experience, and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.
And because we believe that diverse teams build better products, wed especially love to hear from you if youre from an under-represented demographic.
LI-JB1Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.