Head of Product Compliance - North America 
Were looking for a Head of Product Compliance to join our growing Product team in North America, our biggest market at Wise. And be part of our Product Compliance team globally. This role is hands-on, a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission, grow as a product and compliance leader, and help save millions of more peoples money. 
 
Your mission: 
 
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Your mission is to enable our product team in North America to launch new products and grow our presence in the U.S. and Canada through a deep understanding of the regulatory requirements and Regulators expectations around them. 
 
This is a first line Product Compliance team lead role, embedded in the North America Product Squad. 
 
You, together with the team in North America, will be responsible to:  
 
Product design: 

empower Product Teams to build compliant by design new products and services by advising them on how to implement regulatory requirements in a customer-oriented way while fully adhering to regulatory requirements;   
ensure that regulatory analysis of new products and services are performed and well-documented, and that related controls are implemented consistently prior to launch. 

 
Regulatory risk and remediation:  

collaborate with Compliance second line and Product teams, to ensure remediation plans are agreed upon across lines and executed timely; 
advise Product and operational teams on how to interpret regulatory requirements or improve processes to avoid regulatory breaches andor incidents; 
in collaboration with Risk and Compliance second line and North America Product Squad, drive the quarterly reporting on North America regulatory risks. 

 
Third Parties Relationships: 

represent Wise in external meetings with Banking Partners and Regulators, being able to clearly and effectively articulate all Wise Products (including Wise Platform, our payment infrastructure offer); 
provide input on regulatory related agreements and clauses, always representing Wise customer-oriented culture while ensuring compliance. 

 
This role will give you the opportunity to: 

grow your hands-on Fintech knowledge at full speed; 
keep compliance right at the heart of the product development cycle, in a fast-moving environment;  
be empowered to identify regulatory issues and take a lead in their remediation. 

 
About you: 
 

ability to prioritize effectively and call-out what are the key areas of improvement and implementation required from a regulatory point of view; 
ability to effectively communicate with Product Managers and Engineers and provide practical, actionable, and value added recommendations; 
problem solving attitude, with the ability to use regulation together with data to drive business decisions; 
a natural owner, that drives and delivers project from inception to completion, timely and with attention to the details; 
experience (or interest) in working in a fast-growing environment; 
previous financial regulation advisory role or experience in a compliancelegal department, risk and control function or in a consultancy environment; 
expert of major US Financial Regulation (i.e. Reg E, UDAAP, and FINTRAC); 
ability to analyze and interpret complex regulatory frameworks and apply them effectively; 
ability to deal with multiple regulatory domains (i.e. regulatory permissions, consumer protection both in payments and investment environments, client assets, AML, security, privacy, etc.) and to understand how they interact with one-another; 
willingness to travel, as Wise offices are located across different countries; and
legally authorized to work in the U.S.

 
Some extra skills that would be great: 

experience in building a team from the beginning  
experience with Confluence, Jira 
experience working with global teams 

Key benefits:

 RSUs in a rapidly growing company 
 An annual self-development budget
 Medical, dental,  vision insurance  including HSA and FSA options
 Company-paid: Life Insurance, Short  Long-Term Disability, and an EAP program
 Hybrid working model  a mix of working from home and from the office
  Wisers can work remotely for 90 days a year. By remote we dont just mean from home, but from wherever in the world you choose to
 Relocation expenses covered
 25 days PTO, 15 sick days, 11 holidays, 5 compassionate leave days, 3 paid Me days and a paid volunteer day, annually
 A paid 6-week sabbatical leave after four years 
 18-weeks of paid parental leave, after a year with us
 401k with up to a 4 employer match

 
Were people without borders — without judgment or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, qualifications arent that important to us. If youve got great experience, and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.
And because we believe that diverse teams build better products, wed especially love to hear from you if youre from an under-represented demographicSalary (annual)203,000—258,000 USDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.