Intro
Were looking for a Senior Product Manager to join our growing Servicing Platform Product Team in Budapest. This role is a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission, grow as a product person and through building the future of Wise, empower millions more people with instant, borderless money.
Your mission
At Wise, we are fully devoted to our Mission: Money without borders. Instant, convenient, and eventually free. And we know that we can only get there if we are investing strategically to be able to expand fast and grow further. That is why weve started our work on a new Servicing Platform. This is a strategic investment for us to significantly reduce the time for other teams to go to market while delivering an amazing quality of service and a great customer experience.
From one angle, the Servicing Platform will act like the brain of Wise: A place where all customer data is collected, processed and routed. A brain which knows it all - with power to make every single Wise interaction better. From another angle, its also a gateway for our teams with which we will create future products for millions of customers!
How youll be contributing 
You will be responsible for and implementing the products vision, strategy, and roadmap. Servicing Platform provides scalable and reliable risk assessments covering Financial Crime, KYC and others, to Wise. Our Servicing Interface is the point of entry for our users, internal to Wise. It is an abstraction layer between internal systems, aimed at simplifying and thereby increasing adoption and delivery speed for the teams. The fine tuning of the interface (the point of integration) means we increase the overall performance, which improves the overall experience for our Customers.
How youll achieve this

Working closely with engineering, and business teams to identify and prioritise key features, enhancements, and improvements
Managing the end-to-end product development lifecycle, from ideation to launch, including requirements gathering, research, design, development, testing, experimentation and deployment
Tracking and reporting on key performance metrics and as the primary point of contact collaborate with stakeholders and cross-functional teams to ensure alignment and that Platforms Interface is meeting their needs
Having deep empathy and developing a clear understanding  of our customers needs and pain points and use that knowledge to inform product development decisions
Staying up-to-date on industry trends and best practices and leverage that knowledge to inform our product roadmap
By building a clear understanding of API management, hosting and integration best practices, youll be supporting internal products to integrate efficiently, including working with the product and engineering to identify and prioritise the requirements and solve for the pain points across different but relatable use cases
Understanding data privacy and security risks especially related to Financial CrimeKYC, and being able to work with our information security team to ensure that Platform is compliant with relevant regulations and industry standards

This role will give you the opportunity to

Choose your path to impact  we believe people are most empowered when they can act autonomously. So rather than telling you what to do, youll work with your team to create a vision of your own. Of course, you can always gather feedback from smart, curious people across Wise but youll have the freedom to make your own calls
Grow as a product person and a leader  Grow and inspire your team to join our mission
Get amazing exposure to the full breadth and depth of our internal product finance systems while working with a group of amazing and dedicated product managers, engineers, analysts, and operations. 
Work with a modern microservices system with key parts written in-house, which allows to move fast and build controls and experiences that are above industry standards and push the boundaries of what is possible
Be part of our mission to make money without borders the new normal

A bit about you

You are a seasoned Product Manager with experience managing end-to-end product development lifecycles from scoping to delivery and post production support.
Youre hands on, and youd do everything needed to make the team and the product successful. You get it done by thinking strategically and executing tactically. 
You are familiar with APIs, event driven systems, high volume and velocity requests, and related technologies
You have experience with agile development methodologies and tools
You have the ability to work effectively with and unblock cross-functional teams of product, engineers, analysts, etc.
You prioritise based on impact and can manage multiple projects simultaneously. You can direct conversations around whats important and what can wait, channelling this into the teams roadmap.
Youre data-driven  You can pick up the signal from the noise. You are comfortable to dig deep into data, explore and make product decisions based on insights and your quantitative skills

Beneficial experience

Previous background in Computer Science  Engineering  Data Analytics 
Previous work experience in Financial Services  FinTechs, especially KYC or FinCrime or a related field
In-depth knowledge of API technologies, including RESTful APIs, GraphQL, and SOAP, and their applications in fintech and financial services


Our Offer

Base salary: HUF 1,400,000 - HUF 1,980,000 gross  monthly base (based on experience  interview outcomes)
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs): https:www.wise.jobswhat-we-doour-offer
Budapest office perks:  https:www.wise.jobs20200702benefits-in-our-budapest-office 
Salary (monthly)1 400 000 Ft—1 980 000 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.