Were looking for a Customer Support Associate to join our team in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. This role is a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission in helping our customers have a great experience when using Wise.
Your mission: 
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. Your mission is to help customers have the best experience possible with our product working across email, phone and chat.
 
The role will give you the opportunity to:

Help customers have the best experience possible with our product working across email, phone and chat
Be flexible working during business hours but sometimes covering an early morning(from 4am), evening (from 10pm) or weekend shift
Go above and beyond the call of duty: work with less supervision and solve complex problems working with other teams while still achieving your KPIs
Grow through mentoring and side projects with other teams, developing your skills and figuring out how to have a big impact on our customers
Work with Empowerment  at Wise you get in what you put out so youll need to take the initiative when it comes to your career progression

 
About you: 

Hold a Singaporean Citizenship or Permanent Residency (please note we cannot support Visas for this role)
Are willing to work from the office (please note that during your probation period (3 months), youll need to work in our Singapore office for 5 days a week).
Have excellent verbal and written English. Additional language skills (Mandarin, Cantonese, Hindi, Thai, Malay and Vietnamese) are always a plus! 
Are flexible. While youll be able to plan your own schedule, the requirements can change based on our customers needs, so we cant guarantee you your preferred shift and shifts can change over time
Have a razor sharp attention to detail. Can multitask and take responsibility in challenging, high pressure situations.
You hustle. And hard. 
Youll ideally have worked in customer support before, but dont worry if you havent. Were willing to work with the right person as long as theyre passionate and always striving to give a great customer experience.

 
How we work:
We work differently and were proud of it. As part of our support team, youll play a key role in helping our customers have a great experience with Wise. 
Youll also be the link between our customers and teams, helping our product teams identify areas for improvement.
Theres no script and no hand holding and we trust each other to get stuff done. 
At Wise youll have the opportunity to have real impact, grow your skill set and work across our entire business.
This is not your average customer support job.
 
Interested? Check out this vlog to find out more about life in our Customer Support team. 
Please send in your application with your resume and cover letter.
 Salary (monthly)3,800—3,800 SGDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.