Wise is one the fastest growing companies in Europe and were on a mission to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 16 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money across borders easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply. 
So, were building a new one.
And were looking for a Platform Engineer - Site Reliability to join our team in London.
For our customers, using Wise should feel as simple as sending a text message. Yet behind our app and website lies a complex, one-of-a-kind engine of currencies and routes thats being designed, built and powered by our talented teams in cities around the world. With new capabilities being built every day, theres still a lot to figure out, and we cant do it alone. This role is a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wise Mission, grow as a product leader and help save millions more people money.
The team youll be working with: SRE 
The SRE team mission is to focus on engineering-wide reliability problems at Wise. We set the reliability standard we expect of our hundreds of microservices to achieve, we do this via libraries, tooling, documentation, consulting and hands-on contribution.
As we scale we continue to push our teams to run autonomously. They are closest to our customers, so theyre empowered to decide what to prioritise and deliver, without being told what to do by leadership. This means they can move fast and run multiple projects at the same time.
At Wise we split our time between the office and home focusing on using the most appropriate place for our activities. Think about coming together in person for events which focus on coaching, community and collaboration.
Heres how youll be contributing to the Team

Youll be working with product and platform teams to tighten the loop between the two 
Identify potential reliability issues before they impact our customers
Measure our reliability to help teams make data-driven decisions

Is that you?

Experience of Incident Management and enjoy troubleshooting
Experience in implementing SRE principles, understand the differences between SLISLOSLAs
Good Java knowledge, experience with relevant application frameworks e.g. Spring
Knowledge of architectural concepts such as microservices, service mesh
Youre passionate about helping others and keen to roll up your sleeves and take ownership to drive company-wide impact

Nice to Have

Experience of cloud platforms (e.g. AWS, GCP)
Containerisation technology and orchestration platforms e.g. Docker, Kubernetes
Understanding and knowledge of different tiers of storage
Experience working in regulated business - PCI etc
Have experience of capacity planning as well as performance and load testing
Basic sysadmin skills in debugging issues with disk, network, appJVM performance etc

What does success look like?

Youll be building and maintaining the infrastructure and foundation of the technical parts of Wise
Youll ensure we have our services up and running so product teams can work efficiently
Youll understand our customers and the impact our product makes in their lives
Youll have onboarded and found your place through understanding your team and tribe vision and how you can contribute
Youll also have found your place in our mission and you understand our values and how they can guide you doing your best work
You help Wise achieve its mission by building on one of the key foundation technology layers at the heart of our platform.

What do we offer: 

Starting salary: 80,000-115,000  RSU
Numerous great benefits in our London office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

Interested? Find out more:

 How we work - a practical guide
 Engineering team blog
 Scaling our Infrastructure; how we make it work
 The Wise Tech Stack, 2022 edition
 Our Engineering career map

...or check out our Engineering blog.
 Salary (annual)80,000—115,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.