Were looking for a Workforce Management Senior Specialist to join our Customer Support team in our Budapest office!
As a member of the WFM team you will be vital in ensuring CS agents are working at the right place and at the right time. You can expect to be working with a number of stakeholders from operational teams, product teams, and analysts. Your work will directly impact how quickly were able to service our customers as well as the workload for our internal teammates by working on the our scheduling tools, setting up expectations for individuals, teams as well as understanding our customers needs.
Read more about open roles and Wise here: https:www.wise.jobs
 
Your mission is to:
Utilize our resources efficiently so we can both deliver on our SLAs as well as maintain a cost-efficient and scalable CS operation. You will be responsible for the allocation of our global CS headcount across all our regions, channels and tiers. As a key member of the WFM team, youll play a big role in making sure our Customer Support performance is always on track. 

Optimize the Customer Support teams scheduling by utilizing the unique locations (time zones) and the skillset of the Customer Support team
Forecasting incoming work volumes and needed workforce
Revise and set performance goals for individuals and larger operational teams
Reporting previous performance results  suggesting improvements on a weekly and monthly basis
Supporting and managing systems that enable low maintenance task  shift scheduling as well as result monitoring
Creating and managing the Customer Support teams schedule on a monthly but also daily basis, as well as tracking absences, shifts, attendance and other expected and unexpected changes in the planned schedules
First point of contact for changes in the supply of work hours as well as work hour demand

 
This role will give you an opportunity to: 

Solve a truly global challenge - our rapid growth rate, global customer base and the inherent complexity of moving money makes growing our support model a truly unique challenge right at the heart of our mission
Be an impactful member of the team which will give you an opportunity to have a say in anything and everything the team will decide and build
Process large amounts of raw data and present using G Suite, advanced Excel techniques, and internal tools.

 
A bit about you:

Youre experienced in problem solving. You have experience in working with multiple deadlines and stakeholders that have differing priorities with attention to detail
Youre passionate about the Wise mission and are able to bring the team closer to achieving it. You place customers first. You make no compromise on this.
Youre a good communicator. Youve got excellent verbal and written English skills and youve worked internationally, cross-team, or cross-geo before, so youll quickly pick up on how best to communicate effectively across different cultures and time zones. We want someone who can effectively communicate complex information clearly to a non WFMtechnical audience.
You welcome an open feedback culture, happy both giving and receiving feedback to or from anyone in the organization. You get it done. You have track record of identifying and resolving issues independently, taking initiative even under unfamiliar or ambiguous circumstances
You understand numbers. Youre keen to work with numbers and use them as a guide to solve problems but can also keep a human aspect in mind.
Previous knowledge of contact center planning and intraday management using workforce management tools preferred but not required.

 Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.