Your mission
You will manage the Banks product engineering team and work with your peers in sales, delivery, marketing, compliance and operations to lead the Banks Vertical team. 
As a cross-functional team youll help partner banks, such as Monzo, Mandiri and N26, leverage Wises infrastructure to offer their customers world class payments products through the banks own channels.  This will help us transform the international payments experience for even more customers and have significant impact on Wises mission.

Heres how youll be contributing to our Wise Platform Team

Youll work on building the Wise Platform product  for banks - ensuring our partner banks can offer their customers a world class international payment experience.  Our documentation is public  check these out to start understanding the current product. 
Youll build a deep understanding of how banks process international payments today and how Wise is able to help offer a faster, cheaper and more convenient product - for banks and their customers
Youll lead a cross-functional team for the Banks Vertical with your peers in sales, marketing, delivery, compliance and operations. Together youll define the go-to-market strategy and execute it across our three regions: Northam, EMEA and APAC.
Youll go above and beyond to help the team execute - whether this is, joining sales pitches, helping negotiate partner requirements or supporting in the process of getting banks live
Youll be championing Wise Platform in the rest of the organisation, and liaising across functions (customer support, financial crime, operations, etc.) to build great products


This role will give you the opportunity to

Reinvent the way banks around the world offer international payments to their customers, completely transforming this experience
Work on one of the most impactful levers of our mission - we are able to reduce prices by scaling the volume of money we move  and a lot of that volume today passes through banks
Choose your path to impact - we believe people are most empowered when they can act autonomously. So rather than telling you what to do, youll work with your vertical team to create a vision of your own. Of course, you can always gather feedback from smart, curious people across Wise but youll have the freedom to make your own calls
Be flexible in how and where you work, we understand that everyone needs a little something different so well do our best to make it happen


A bit about you

You have delivered highly ambitious, impactful products before in data-driven environments
Youre a hands-on Product Manager, and youd do everything needed to make the team and the product successful. You get it done by thinking strategically and executing tactically
You have experience working in cross-functional teams creating a product vision and go-to-market approach for a payments product 
You understand how payments work and have ideally built payments products that are today used in large enterprises or banks
You are equally comfortable working on technical architecture, compliance requirements, legal obligations and commercial models and able to shape and influence thinking on these points
You are customer-focused at heart - at Wise, they always come first, so you need to be enthusiastic about helping our customers and delivering on our mission
You have fresh ideas - you dont accept the status quo, but are interested in solving problems in novel ways. You are able to communicate the impact of those ideas and formulate plans to implement them


Our Offer

Base salary: 83,000 - 140,000  annually base (based on experience  interview outcomes)
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs): https:www.wise.jobswhat-we-doour-offer
Numerous amount of other benefits: https:www.wise.jobs20200707benefits-in-our-london-office
Salary (annual)83,000—140,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.