Business Customer Support Associate
Were looking for a Customer Support Associates who is fluent in English and Portuguese to join our team of Customer Support Rockstars here at Wise! In this role, youll support our Business customers from our Tampa, Florida office 
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can manage their money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 13 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
And its not just our business thats growing fast, our team is growing too!
We work differently and were proud of it! At Wise youll have the opportunity to have real impact, grow your skill set and work across our entire business.
Youll receive a competitive package including a starting salary of 20.50 per hour  Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) in a profitable company  best in class benefits! (more info below )
Read more about our open roles and Wise here: https:www.wise.jobs.
The projected start date for this role is November 27th. This is a hybrid position located in Tampa, Florida and NOT fully remote.
Your mission:
Your mission is to help customers have an excellent experience with Wise via phone, email, or chat lines. This isnt your normal call center and our Customer Service Representatives are here to help millions more potential customers save money by using Wise!

Provide world-class customer support via emails and phones channels for Business customers from all over the world
Understand that making a customer happy is crucially important to a businesss success and you make that your goal for every contact
Be creative, friendly, and solution-oriented with customers and colleagues
Understand the need to meet expectations, rise above them, and go that extra mile for customers

This role will give you the opportunity to:

Make an Impact - Were all about intellectual curiosity, growth, and a solution-oriented mindset, because after all, this isnt just a job to us! 
Be Yourself - Were looking for team members who have friendly personalities that are fun to work with! Were not interested in drama, only good Karma! 
Work Globally - Our customers are all over the world and our team members are just as diverse. Were 5,000 Wisers strong, with over 90 nationalities working in offices from Tampa to Tokyo, and several places in-between 
Inspire Teams - With your ideas, knowledge, self-starting attitude, and customer insight, youll directly drive innovation and help us make money borderless! Whatever the mission, we get it done! 

A bit about you:

You have exceptional verbal  written English and Portuguese skills - Phone and email contacts are the main responsibility for this role, so clear communication is key, and well be evaluating yours all the way through from your application to the final interview
Youre flexible. Open to working days, evenings, and occasional weekend shifts. While your scheduling preferences are taken into consideration, the scheduling requirements can change based on our customers needs, so we cant guarantee you your preferred shift and shifts can change over time. For the Business support teams, most shifts fall between 9am - 9pm. Each agent will work 8 afternoon shifts (12-8pm) and 2 weekend days per month (your first month or so would be a regular 9am-5pm schedule while you complete your initial paid customer support training)
Youre organised. Youre methodical in your approach, with a solution-oriented mindset and the ability to multitask. Your lead will help you develop and remove blockers if they can, but they wont stand over your shoulder. Your lead is entrusting you with the autonomy to meet and exceed your performance metrics and also deliver a great customer experience
Youre cool under pressure. You take charge in challenging situations and you keep your composure if things get tense - a fast-paced, ever-changing environment is where you thrive
Youre a team-player. Youre straight up and honest. Youre able to own up to your mistakes and you follow through when you say you will. Most importantly - you understand that having a great working culture is everyones responsibility, so you treat everyone with respect, you always give a helping hand, and you let our values guide you
Youre growth-oriented. You understand that an open feedback culture is there to help you grow. You crave information and love learning new things. You challenge ideas, not people. You see every challenge as a learning opportunity and youre adaptable, learning new systems and processes quickly
Youre technically inclined. Youre quick behind the keyboard, with a typing speed of at least 35 words-per-minute and you can learn new software and systems quickly - Knowledge of CRM tools (like Zendesk, Twilio, or similar) that support chat, phone, and email channels would be helpful
Youre ideally someone who has worked in customer support before (preferably in banking or finance), but were willing to work with the right person, whatever your experience. Were looking for genuine people who work hard and love helping others, so if that sounds like you, tell us why youre a great fit!

Also...

Youve got at least a high school diploma or GED equivalent
Any additional languages are always welcome!
Must already be legally authorized to work in the US, we cannot provide Visa sponsorship for this role
This is not a remote position, this is a full-time hybrid position located in Tampa, Florida. Your first 2-3 weeks will be in person for onboarding and training and then youll transition to work hybrid. 

Key benefits:

  20.50 per hour starting salary
  RSUs in a rapidly growing company 
 Hybrid working model  a mix of working from home and from the office per week
  Wisers can work remotely for 90 days a year. By remote we dont just mean from home, but from wherever in the world you choose to
  An annual self-development budget
  Medical, dental,  vision insurance  including HSA and FSA options
  Company-paid: Life Insurance, Short  Long-Term Disability, and an EAP program
  Pet friendly offices
  25 days PTO, 15 sick days, 11 holidays, 5 compassionate leave days, 3 paid Me days and a paid volunteer day, annually
  A paid 6-week sabbatical leave after four years 
  18-weeks of paid parental leave, after a year with us
  401k with up to a 4 employer match
  Heres more info on our benefits in Tampa

LI-HYBRID
BI-Hybrid
LI-CL1Salary (Hourly)20.50—20.50 USDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.