Were looking for an energetic and experienced Surveillance Team Lead to join our growing Surveillance team in Tallinn, Estonia. This role is a unique opportunity to develop a high performing Surveillance team, while leveraging your knowledge and experience to help millions more potential customers save money by using Wise!The Surveillance Team is responsible for performing targeted investigations and analysis of high risk individuals and businesses in compliance with regulatory requirements. The team aims to identify and offboard customers who exceed the established risk appetite. The Surveillance Team determines a risk tolerance based on thorough investigation of a customers risk factors and provides supporting documentation of findings.
The Surveillance Team Lead is a people lead with a mindset that allows them to build processes that put our customers first while being aware of the risks surrounding the industry, specific products, and requirements set to us by regulations and partners.
Your mission: 
  People leading

Hire, lead, develop and manage a Surveillance team, including amongst others administrative tasks such as scheduling, interviewing, hiring etc;
Organise team activities and maintain a high team morale;
Measure team performance, KPIs, plan capacity and maintain focus on the customer experience as well as regulatory audit requirements
Foster the learning, development, and career trajectory of analysts on your team and perform regular talent mapping review sessions.

 Processes  Project management

Develop effective operational processes, task allocation, training and performance management to deliver a great customer experience with a tightly managed cost base; 
Be accountable for quality assurance of the investigations performed, taking decisions within our policy framework and working with compliance to evolve both our policies and processes;
Understand and manage training the team on our regulatory obligations, how our policies fulfil them and our risk-based approach to deterring and preventing money laundering and financial crime;
Work with product teams, customer support and across compliance to manage operational impact of changes and identify opportunities to improve the customer experience, increase automation or improve operational efficiencies.
Ensure appropriate documentation of new processes, procedures, workflows and methodologies
Tackle other ad hoc duties 

 Domain expertise

Be able to represent policies, processes and auditable investigation work to regulators and auditors;
Communicate with customers as required to handle escalated or complicated cases with strong customer empathy as well as clear communication of decisions and policies; 
Stay up to date on new regulations and ensure continual best practices across the transaction monitoring investigative process are effective
Be able to roll up the sleeves and perform basic aspects of your teams work

 A bit about you:

You have very good verbal and written English, any other languages are a plus;
You have the ability to multi-task and take responsibility in challenging situations;
You have a good understanding of the regulatory framework as well as KYCAML procedures surrounding financial products and services;
You are operating and leading according to the company values;
You have great communication and presentations skills, to support internal and external projects and audits;
You have strong analytical skills and ability to move teams metricsKPIs;
You have proven track record of taking individual ownership and responsibilities, project management as well as being a great team-player;
You have previous work experience in the financial sector or similar (that has given you an understanding of the relevant regulatory landscape).
You are familiar with money laundering methods and other financial crime trends.
You have a Bachelors degree or higher
You have the legal right to work in Estonia (we dont offer visa sponsorship for this role)

About the role

Starting salary is 2875 EURgross monthly
Reports to: Surveillance Senior Team Lead
Start date: 12th of February 2024

Hiring process:

Application review: Resume and Cover Letter
Take Home Test
First interview with 2 team members
Final interview with 2 Senior Leads


If this sounds like a great new challenge for you, please apply by submitting your CV and cover letter in English (answering the questions below) by the 15th of November (end of the day). Please note that an application without a cover letter will not be considered.
In your cover letter, please answer the following questions:

How would your team members and colleagues describe you?
What are the most important values you can demonstrate as a team leader?
As a Team Lead your main responsibilities include: guaranteeing that your team is performing, supporting your team members development and ensuring your teams wellbeing. How do you plan dealing with your team members performance, contribute to their personal growth and development and ensure everyone is healthy in the team?
Salary (monthly)2.875—2.875 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.