Were looking to expand our Sanctions team, so were looking to welcome a new Sanctions Officer to join our crime fighting squad in the Tallinn office!
Your Mission:
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. 
The Sanctions Investigations and Reporting team serves as the sanctions subject matter experts responsible for reviewing and investigating all potential violations of OFAC, E.U., UK and other sanctions programs processed through Wise. This includes: reviewing and final approval regarding escalated alerts on transactions and  matches to the OFAC, E.U., UK and any other applicable lists and programs; reviewing and approving licensed transactions; reporting blocked property and rejected transactions to the respective regulatory agencies; drafting and filing Voluntary Self-Disclosures to OFAC; investigation into potential circumvention attempts; advising teams on sanctions related issues and sanctions incidents; and coordinating with the Team Lead on ad-hoc sanctions projects, as appropriate. 
Duties and responsibilities:

Investigate and provide final decisioning on escalated sanctions cases for Level 3 review
Use investigative tools and web research to analyze vessel movements, beneficial ownership, and potential sanctions links to discount or identify potential sanctions concerns.
Prepare and review draft sanction fillings including block and reject reports to  to HM Treasury, OFAC, EU and other jurisdictional regulatory agencies
Provide advice and subject matter expertise on sanctions related issues, acting as a point of escalation for teams within Wise
Help to facilitate governance over sanctions listsscreening framework
Identify sanctions compliance issuesconcerns and make suggestions andor take corrective action to implement solutions to improve controlsoperations.
Assist in the review of sanctions related regulatory examination and internal audit deliverables.
Assist in the provision of sanctions related training for employees as needed.
Assist with drafting sanctions procedures 

 
Skillsrequirements:

Strong knowledge of OFAC, UK and EU sanctions regulations.
Strong attention to detail.
Ability to multitask and manage multiple deliverables and a range of sanctions risk management responsibilities.
Strong interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent research and analytical skills.
Conduct legal and investigative research utilizing open-source research systems.
An understanding of SWIFT payments, trade finance and cross border payments
Proven track record of taking ownership and responsibilities as well as being a great team-player
High ethical standards, respect for confidentiality and privacy.
You are able to persevere in a fast paced environment

 
What do we offer: 

Starting salary: 2600 EUR Month
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Tallinn office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

 
If youre interested in the position, please apply for the latest on 9th of June, by submitting your CV and Cover Letter in English. In your cover letter, please answer what you think makes you a great fit for this position. Please note that an application without a cover letter wont be considered! 
LI-LT1Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.