Senior Design Researcher - Send
Were looking for a Senior Design Researcher to join the Send Squad in London. Youll be part of Wises global mission to build an open, fair, and human financial system. Because people without borders need money without borders.

At Wise, weve got a clear mission — money without borders. Built by and for people who live global lives. Were at a genuinely exciting time. Building more transparent and convenient ways to pay and get paid has never been more important in achieving our mission.  
Your mission: 
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. Your mission is to understand the needs of our customers who use these products in order to provide them with a cheaper, easier and faster experience.

Youll contribute by:

Building our understanding of people with cross-currency needs among our key markets in order to ensure we are focused on solving the right things for customers
Owning the planning, execution and delivery of research, applying the appropriate research methods to answer the teams highest priority questions


This role will give you the opportunity to: 

Be part of a team - youll be embedded in a team where you can drive the direction and deliver the most impact. This means you can go deep and tackle the real customer problems while working side-by-side with PMs, design, analytics and engineering
Choose your path to impact Youll have the freedom to make your own calls about how best to support customer needs and reach mission zero
Grow the research practice - You will be part of helping establish how we conduct research at a global scale
Be part of our mission to make money without borders the new normal


A bit about you

You have deep experience with both generative and evaluative research and are comfortable independently initiating, running and communicating research 
You have experience leading mixed-method studies. This encompasses a strong understanding of qualitative and quantitative user research methods and analysis techniques, including for ethnography, usability, surveys and card-sorting 
Youre comfortable working embedded in a cross-functional product team and are able to work autonomously, as well as collaboratively with your cross-functional partners (product, data, design, engineering) 
Youre able to guide the team on how to action your rich insights and work closely with designers to ideate based on findings
You have top-notch presentation skills, especially when it comes to sharing impactful insights
You not only advocate for the customer but for research more broadly, and have clear examples of making research an integral part of building products


And as a heads up, this role probably isnt for you if:

Your experience is primarily market research andor academia
You dont have demonstrable experience leading UX research within the techproduct industry

Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, qualifications arent that important to us. If youve got great experience, and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.
And because we believe that diverse teams build better products, wed especially love to hear from you if youre from an under-represented demographic.
LI-CH1 LI-HybridSalary (annual)65,000—90,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.