Were looking for a PR Manager to help build, manage and improve Wises strong reputation across DACH. As a confident, creative, self-starter, whos a great storyteller, you will be critical to helping journalists and other key audiences understand how Wise is building the best way to move and manage around the world through our products: Wise Account, Wise Business and Wise Platform.
 
This role has a primary focus on Germany as well as working on projects in Switzerland and Austria. You will be based in our London office, reporting to the EMEA PR Lead.  
 
What you bring to the table:
 

Demonstrable experience of working in PR in Germany - this could be in-house or at a PR agency. Bonus if youve worked in fintech. 
An innate understanding of what makes a good story for the media and how to secure great quality media coverage - along with existing media relationships in Germany and the street smarts of how to replicate that in other markets in the region. Youll be broadening and deepening our contacts with consumer lifestyle, technology, and business outlets.
Comfortable with scrutinising complex and technical data and turning them into simple and compelling messages and stories
A genuine, enthusiastic interest in Wises mission and developing and communicating great ideas to make financial services fairer
An ability to work proactively and autonomously in a high-growth company with a hands-on approach 
Stickler for measurement - youll be comfortable with articulating, understanding (and tweaking!) the impact of the work you do
Critical thinker, highly organised, detail-oriented and able to meet deadlines consistently
Excellent written and spoken English and German. Additional language skills are a bonus.

 
What you will be doing:

Own Product Communications: Help us grow by embedding yourself in Wises local team to maximise the product news pipeline and generate news with a localised, nuanced approach
Handle complicated issues when they crop up, and work directly with journalists to make sure Wises reputation is upheld. 
Youll be able to devise and execute PR plans that drive reputation and growth  whether its delivering substantial media coverage, turning speaking opportunities into reality, or thinking of new ways we can make the media and public aware of what we do 
Youll be comfortable working with specialist spokespeople such as our Country Managers, Leadership Team and youll understand how to take a creative approach to make the seemingly mundane a hot news topic
Support Corporate Communications: Develop communications strategies to build awareness of Wise with influential business, tech and consumer lifestyle media, as well as handling issues as and when they arise 
Manage our agency partner in Germany. 

What youll get
We offer you a position in one of the UKs foremost tech companies and a chance to truly be a part of something great. It goes without saying that youll be a part of a fun, friendly atmosphere, with plenty of opportunities to grow personally and professionally.
Youll get a competitive salary, flexible work hours and at least one all-expenses-paid company getaway every year. Everyone gets shares in the company too, because we believe that what were building belongs to each of us.
What is it really like to work here?
At Wise, we do things a bit differently. Theres no corporate nonsense and no old-fashioned hierarchy. Instead, we work in individually responsible teams. Each team picks the problems they want to solve and gets on with it - so theres no micro-management or people telling you what to do. You will get tons of guidance and support from talented, super-smart colleagues from all over Wise. The way we work doesnt suit everyone. But, if the freedom to take on head-scratching professional challenges sounds interesting, we could be a match made in heaven.

What do we offer: 

Salary range: 40.000 - 50.000 GBP
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our London office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV and Cover Letter in English.Salary (annual)40,000—52,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.