Wise was founded in 2011 with a clear mission — money without borders — instant, convenient, transparent, and eventually free. Weve built a market-leading technology product thats been used by over 5 million people to move money around the world without the rip-off fees charged by the banks. Were disrupting the world of currency and international money transfer. We are growing rapidly around the world and need to make sure that we have the best setup to support that growth in every region. You will help to shape the future of Wise across the Group. 
The Financial Risk Manager will oversee the organisations comprehensive risk management program, assessing and identifying risks that could impede the reputation, safety, security, or financial success of Wise Israel. Heshe will also work on all Wise EU financial risk related matters including Liquidity, capital adequacy risks,Tax compliance risks,counterparty Risk, Assets investments risk, stress testing, recovery and resolution planning.The role sits in the second line of defence and reports to Wise Europe Risk Lead in Belgium.
What will you be doing?

Lead and conduct risk assessments relevant to the business and provide regular risk reporting and deep dives on relevant risk changes at the relevant committees and boards.
Assist with the regional implementation of the Risk Management Framework (ERMF) within Wise including the Risk Appetite Statement (RAS), Risk Management Strategy (RMS) and Key Risk Indicators 
Monitor and manage risks against set appetite for the regional entities.
Identify areas requiring remedial action and work closely with the first line to ensure appropriate action is undertaken in a timely manner to secure continuous improvement.
Responsible for risk management and oversight of Assets products for the EU.
Responsible for risk oversight framework for Liquidity Risks for Wise EU including development of appropriate KRIs, Controls assessments and stress tests.
Key financial risk partner for Wise EU, working closely with group financial risk function and group Treasury, Finance and Pricing Teams.
Support appropriate review, update, maintenance and approval of the Capital Adequacy Framework including the Internal Capital Adequacy and Risk Assessment document (ICARA) with specific SME inputs on stress testing.

Other

Supporting governance related to risk event and incident management from a 2 LOD risk perspective.
Delegate for Regional risk lead for senior management  committee reporting.
Liaise with the group risk functions as necessary.

This role would suit someone who has:

Experience in mid-level risk management.
Proven experience as a Risk Manager with established experience in at least two of these areas: liquidity risk, market risk and prudential risks.
Good understanding of systems, management information, and reporting systems. 
Demonstrated track record of second line of defence independence and challenge escalation where concerns are felt.
Effective in change impact, liaison with other functions.
Able to get stuff done - were a fast growing company and you will need an entrepreneurial mindset to thrive.
Can work independently and flexibly within a fast-moving environment.

What do we offer: 

Starting salary: 1,316,600 HUF per month
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Budapest office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV.Salary (monthly)1 316 600 Ft—1 720 000 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.