At Wise, weve got a clear mission — money without borders. Built by and for people who live global lives. Were at a genuinely exciting time. Building more transparent and convenient ways to pay and get paid has never been more important in achieving our mission.  

Your mission: 
Were looking for a Group Product Manager to join our KYC Controls team in Tallinn. Youll focus on our KYC control framework, ensuring we are compliant across all of the markets we operate in and efficient in how we are identifying financial crime.
This is a unique opportunity to move some of the biggest numbers here at Wise. It will have a significant impact on the way we onboard customers - making sure we do not unnecessarily bother good customers whilst stopping the bad actors.
Most importantly, you will readily contribute to the Wise mission - money without borders.

This role will give you the opportunity to: 

Build world-class products. This is a unique opportunity to solve very complex end-to-end problems on our journey in building the best global KYC-AML program in the world.
Own your impact. Product teams decide what opportunities to work on, and define their success metrics.
Grow as a leader. You will build and inspire your own team, but also other teams to contribute to our mission
Be part of a positive change in the world. Were fixing a broken, greedy system, and putting people and businesses in control of their money.


A bit about you: 

You have built products at scale  Youve worked on a product with thousands or even millions of customers. 
You have led very complex end-to-end projects - working with multiple externalinternal stakeholders across various different functions e.g. operations, compliance etc. 
You have leadership experience - coaching, leading and scaling product teams
You thrive as a player-coach - You can operate at many levels of detail, flipping between executing as an individual contributor and leading a team. 
You are data-driven  You can self-serve with data, and use it to both identify opportunities and measure your impact. 
You have fresh ideas - You dont accept the status quo, but are interested in solving problems in novel ways and communicating the impact of those ideas and formulate plans to implement them

Experience which is great but not essential:

You have worked on KYCAML related projects
You have exposure working in regulated environments e.g. Finance, Insurance, Crypto


Our Offer

Base Salary: 6,720 - 8,520 (monthly gross) depending on experience  interview performance  RSUs
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs):
Numerous amount of other benefits: https:www.wise.jobs20200702benefits-in-our-tallinn-office

LI-CH1Salary (monthly)6.720—8.520 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.