Were Wise, the network for the worlds money. We believe in money without borders. And our mission is to build the best way to move and manage the worlds money. Min fees. Max ease. Full speed. 
Current banking systems dont let us send, spend or receive money internationally very easily. Or quickly. Or cheaply.
So, we built a new one. And its called Wise Platform.
Wise Platform helps banks, software companies and large enterprises leverage Wises infrastructure to offer their customers world class payment products through their own channels. 
Were a cross functional team that sits across sales, account management, product, engineering, compliance, analytics and more. And were global, with offices in New York, London, Singapore and beyond. 
Now were looking for a Backend Engineer to join the Partnership Experience team and help us maintain our global platform so that its scalable, reliable and secure. Were working on a lot of algorithmical challenges, so youll need to be someone whos able to dive right into projects on reconciliation, integrations, authorisations and authentications. 
The Partnership Experience teams goals are to provide Wise Platform partners with a fully self-serve experience to integrate with Wise, and to help them manage the live integration independently in a back office tool or via APIs in their existing tooling. Thanks to these goals, the Wise Platform team is able to focus on unblocking new, more complex products. 
Youll be focussing on:

Designing and building scalable solutions to make the experience of working with Wise great for partners, customers and internal teams and allow partner operational teams to better manage the operational side of the partnership.
Building solutions to improve integration experience for partners integrating with Wise API.
Improving internal tooling that helps Wise operational teams serve our partners queries more efficiently.
Working closely with non-engineering teams to support partner integrations alongside product managers and embark on new and thrilling projects that expand our network of global partnerships.
Collaborating with talented engineering teams, exploring various domains, and contributing to over 700 Microservices at Wise.

Youll have the opportunity to:

Choose your own path to success  youll have the freedom to define the vision and responsibility for making it happen.
Identify problems and unlock opportunities for Wise and partners through technology solutions.
Inspire teams with your ideas, knowledge and self-starter attitude.

What are we looking for? 

A strong product mindset and passion for user experience, you prioritise work with the customers in mind and make data-driven decisions to fix customer pain-points
Great communication skills and the ability to articulate complex, technical concepts to non-technical audiences
Ability to work independently while also being a good team player. Your work will frequently involve cross-team collaboration.
Ability to break down complex projects into incremental milestones that deliver customer value
Experience with common design and architectural patterns coupled with a passion for writing clean code that is performant and well tested 
Curiosity and drive for continuous learning and improvement
Following and advocating best coding practices, continuous delivery and code reviews
Experience working with relational and non-relational databases, query optimisation and designing schemas is a plus
Knowledge of Java and Spring boot and experience with a messaging system, like Kafka, is a plus
but dont worry we dont expect you to know everything.

Some extra skills that would be awesome:

Experience with our stack: Java within the Spring ecosystem, Kubernetes, AWS and service mesh architectures.
You have worked with distributed systems and monolithic architectures and understand the advantages and challenges of both.
Passion for international finance, foreign exchange and payment systems.
Demonstrated experience speaking at conferences and public events.

Heres what youll get in return:

The autonomy to solve problems your way.
The freedom to have real impact.
Loads of development opportunities.
A fun work environment with social activities and events.
The opportunity to work with super smart people.

Interested? Find out more:
 How we work - a practical guide Wise Vlogs: Omar, Engineering Lead  The Wise Tech Stack, 2022 edition Our Engineering career map Engineering career journeys at Wise
...or check out our  Engineering blog
LI-JS1Salary (annual)80,000—115,000 GBPWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.