
Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can manage their money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking and were on a mission: to make money without borders the new normal. Weve got 16 million customers across the globe and were growing. Fast.
And its not just our business thats growing fast, our team is growing too!
Were looking for a passionate English-speaking Customer Support Associate to join our team in Budapest. Youll play the key role in helping our customers have a great experience with Wise, as the link between our customers and internal teams.
We work differently and were proud of it! This is not your average customer service job, theres no hand holding and we trust each other to get stuff done. At Wise youll have the opportunity to have real impact, grow your skill set and work across our entire business.
 
Heres how youll be contributing to the Customer Support team:

Help customers have the best experience possible with our product working across email and phone
Be flexible! Youll be covering variety of shifts - we work when our customers need us the most including early mornings, day times, afternoons, late evenings, weekends and public holidays as per business demand
Go above and beyond the call of duty: solve complex problems working together with other teams
Grow through mentoring and working with other teams, developing your skills and figuring out how to have an impact on our customers
Work autonomously  at Wise you get in what you put out so youll need to take the initiative when it comes to your career progression.

 
 About you: 

Youre located already in Budapest, Hungary
Youre eligible to work in Hungary, we dont provide relocation nor visa support for this role
Your verbal and written English skills are excellent 
Youre flexible and adaptable, open to working days, evenings and weekend shifts
Youre cool under pressure taking charge in challenging situations and keeping your composure if things get tense
Youre able to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment
Youre a team-player and understand that having a great working culture is everyones responsibility, so you treat everyone with respect, you always give a helping hand, and you let our values guide you
You love learning new things and challenging ideas, not people.

PS! If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV in English, and answering the application questions.
What do we offer:

Starting salary: 565 000 HUF gross  per month
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our Budapest office

 
Salary (monthly)565 000 Ft—565 000 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.