Were looking for a Due Diligence Agent to join our growing team in Budapest. This role is a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission, grow as a specialist and help save millions more people money. This is an entry level role, so we dont expect you to have any previous experience in Due DiligenceBankingFinance. Full training will be given to enable you to be successful in the role. If you are interested in starting your career in compliance, then this job role is perfect for you. You can read more about working as a Due Diligence Agent from our blog post here.
Your mission: 
The Due Diligence Agent is responsible for performing timely customer due diligence to complete the KYC process. You will be engaged in research and analysis and will use information supplied by external businesses and consumer customers, information already within the organisation, external vendor tools and their overall experience to effect due diligence controls on customers and counterparts of various characteristics.
The role as a Due Diligence Agent gives you the opportunity to:

Perform Due Diligence on existing, new andor potential customers based on risk mitigation controls and certain trigger events;
Exercise discretion in setting priorities, identifying customer records that require further review and taking action to obtain and follow-up on the information andor documentation requested;
Ensure that information and documentation provided by customers, from external data sources and from your own reviews (e.g. websites and company registries) meet our requirements for verification;
Perform searches utilising Internet sources andor third-party vendors to obtain information on prospects and newexisting customers;
Communicate with customers when required to handle escalated or complicated cases with strong customer empathy as well as clear communication of decisions and policies;
Provide guidance and responses to daily inquiries from peers, front-line and management regarding due diligence matters and case analysis, when appropriate;
Maintain basic understanding of AMLCFT Regulations and how these impact the business, as well as Wise products and Services;
When warranted, be capable of drafting SAR narratives to report activity deemed unusual;
Assess Risk level of referred profiles that may or may not meet the Risk criteria expected from escalations;
Have a deep understanding of different business models, customer types, country risks and regulatory requirements across multiple geographies;
Support Wise in internal and external audits and regulatory due diligence process related queries reviews;
Escalate any suspicions andor concerns to the AML and Fraud teams for review

About you:

Youre located and eligible to work in Hungary (we dont provide visa or relocation support)
Your verbal and written English skills are excellent (additional language skills are a plus)
You can work autonomously within a limited variety of well-defined procedures and practices (not necessarily standardised).
You are able to handle more complex activities with moderate variation. You can deal with less straightforward questions, coordinate with as many sources of information necessary within and outside the business to support solutions.
You are capable of identifying gaps in policies and processes and providing detailed feedback, including examples when possible, through the established communication channels.
You have excellent interpersonal and communication skills, strong organisational skills, attention to detail, analytical abilities, and ability to adhere to strict deadlines in a fast paced and high pressure environment.
Youre punctual, independent, proactive and willing to get things done.
You have the ability to work in a diverse work environment which requires collaboration, partnership and transparency.

Hiring process:

Application review
Video interview and written test in HireVue
Final interview with two Team Leads
Start date: Q4  2023
Salary: 610,000 HUF

 Key benefits:

Hybrid working environment - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Company Restricted Stock Units
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave
A fun and friendly environment with social activities, weekly team lunches
Numerous great benefits in our Budapest office 

 
PS! If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV and cover letter in English and answering the application questions.Salary (monthly)610 000 Ft—610 000 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.