Were looking for a Senior Product Manager to join our growing Europe Money Movement team in Budapest or Tallinn. This role is a unique opportunity to have an impact on Wises mission, grow as a product leader and help save millions more people money.
 
Your mission: 
 
At Wise, we are fully devoted to our Mission: Money without borders. Instant, convenient, and eventually free. And we know that we can only get there if we are investing strategically to be able to expand fast and grow further. 
 
Wise has pioneered new ways to transfer money across borders. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. With over 16 million happy customers were already moving more than 9 billion in cross-border transactions a month. We serve a wide range of customers from personal users, freelancers, small businesses to enterprise businesses and banks.
 
Your mission would be to help Wise become the preferred choice of payments in Europe for people and businesses with international lives. You will be building and improving the money movement infrastructure for millions of customers who move money to and from Europe.
 
As our Senior Product Manager for the Europe Money Movement team, youll be at the forefront of scaling our European payment infrastructure. Heres how youll contribute:
 

Convenience: Removing reasons why people and businesses need to use their banks to move their money. You will build integrations and partnerships that improve end to end speed of transfers and localise the money movement experience for European customers. e.g. building local account details for Hungary
Scalability: Build a scalable money movement platform that reduces onboarding and offboarding time for our partners and effort required to maintain partner integrations. This allows us to ensure continuity of services for our customers.
Resilience: Ensure seamless money transfers by enhancing our infrastructures resilience and reducing reliance on singular partners.


This role will give you the opportunity to:

Choose your path to impact. We believe people are most empowered when they can act autonomously. So rather than telling you what to do, youll work with your team to create a vision of your own. Of course, you can always gather feedback from smart, curious people across Wise but youll have the freedom to make your own calls while being accountable for your decisions.
Build money without borders in Europe. You will be building a product that helps millions of businesses and customers send and receive money from their friends, family and partners in Europe.
Learn how European payment infrastructure works. You will get a chance to hands on build integrations directly into European payment systems and develop an expertise on how money moves in Europe.
Be on the forefront of solving a complex technical challenge. Wise is probably the only company integrated into payment systems of so many countries around the world, and the number will keep on growing. Scaling this infrastructure is a problem very few, if anyone, have solved before. You will be at the forefront of this problem, allowing you to flex your creative muscles to solve global money movement for our customers once and for all. You would most likely end up setting best practices not just for Wise but the industry at large.

About you:
 
Strong analytical skills

You should have an intuitive understanding, foundation, and passion for mathematics and analytics in general
You should have experience of making data-driven decisions in complex situations.
You should be comfortable working with analysts and give them useful feedback on their analysis.
Plus: You should be comfortable analysing large datasets to draw insights on their own without analyst support.
Plus: You should be comfortable querying databases to pull data you need at speed yourselves. You are able to do this under pressure and with confidence.

 
Technical skills

You should be comfortable working with engineers and earning their trust.
You should be able to regularly unblock engineers in their decisions and have confidence to suggest alternative solutions.
You should understand how systems are built and be able to design basic systems themselves.
You should have a decent understanding of the engineering development process and be able to spot when engineers need help and unblock them proactively.

 
Structured thinking and communication

You should be able to structure an ambiguous problem into clear actionable steps. 
You proactively work in collaboration with the team - opsbankingengineers etc to break down and structure problems rather than working in isolation.
You should be comfortable solving problems in unstructured complex situations. You should be able to carve out a clear path in seemingly chaotic situations.
You should be able to build relationships with people in the organisation both within and outside the squad to get support for their team. 
You should be able to inspire the organisation about their plans and vision.
You should be able to create a positive working culture within their team - engg, banking, ops etc. You should make sure you incorporate valid feedback and ideas of their team instead of unilaterally making decisions for them. The team should feel inspired to work with them.
Plus: If you have experience working and negotiating with external partners.

 
Entrepreneurial Hustler

You should have a track record of getting things done. 
You should feel comfortable taking on complex projects requiring support from different teams and functions and getting them to the finish line. 
You should be able to navigate the organisation and find creative ways to unblock themselves and their team. 
In case of limited resources, you should instinctively jump hands on into whatever task the team needs their help with. (e.g. when you dont have a designer, you open Figma yourself).
You should not get boxed into existing assumptions about problems you are solving, team structures and situations and feel comfortable challenging them to drive impact.


Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in. 
Also, where and what you studied isnt important to us. If youve got great experience, the right skills for the role and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.Salary (annual)59.340—80.640 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.