Our Card Dispute and Chargeback team is one of the frontiers of the exciting Wise world, helping our customers recover the cost of their problematic transactions, making sure we stay compliant with the card scheme and the relevant regulations, and pushing our partners to excel with us.
Our aim is to constantly improve our disputes and chargeback operations, supporting Wise mission while offering the best possible experience to our customers. We also work in close collaboration with our Card Fraud Team and our Dispute and Chargeback Team from the merchant side of Wise, helping each other to navigate at best in the domain, and keeping our customers constantly in mind. 
Our Card Dispute and Chargeback team is spread across our Tampa, Austin, Budapest and Tallinn offices, and we are now looking for a new agent in Budapest to bring their impact to our mission.
 
What youll get to do:

Deep dive into customers disputes and take appropriate actions. 
Process card chargebacks and provide required information to our partners and the card scheme. 
Learn and understand the relevant regulations and guidelines. 
Provide world class support to our customers via email and phone, if needed, in order to solve a dispute. 
Work with our dedicated developers to identify and support improvements.
Report when appropriate to partners, card schemes and authorities. 

What were looking for:

Previous experience with disputes or compliance.
Some experience being part of a driven high performing team.
Punctuality, independence and proactivity. 
Strong attention to detail.
Tolerance for routine but also an ability to keep up with the fast changes in the card payments industry.
Some experience handling independent parts or entire projects.
Fluency in English is a must.
Nice to have: Portuguese language skills

It would be nice if you have:

Experience working within a cross-office team. 
Experience within card issuing, acquiring institutions or merchants (in Wise included). 
Some experience working with regulatory or product compliance.

 
What do we offer: 

Salary: 677,500 HUF
Company Restricted Stock Units 
Numerous great benefits in our Budapest office 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV and Cover Letter in English. Please note that we dont provide relocation or visa support for this position.
 
LI-LL1Salary (monthly)677 500 Ft—677 500 Ft HUFWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.