Wise has already pioneered new ways for people to transfer money across borders and currencies. Our customers can also manage their hard-earned money with the worlds first platform to offer true multi-currency banking. Were 5000 Wisers strong, with over 70 nationalities working in 25 locations around the globe! Were looking for a leader who lives our values, will help grow our culture, and drive our mission forward! You will help to shape the future of Wise in Latin America. 
As part of this role, you will work with the LatAm team to support them in understanding risks they are facing with the product in the region and how to mitigate those risks, while they seek new opportunities to grow the business. The role will also be part of a wider group of risk experts dotted around the world, meaning there is great opportunity to support the growth of risk management across the company. 
Please submit your resume (and cover letter if applicable) in English.
What will you be doing?

As a Director in Brazil, you will own and maintain the risk management framework for Brazil, and wider LatAm based on our licences. You will lead risk assessments, incident reviews and work closely with the LatAm Product and Banking teams to develop appropriate solutions to effectively mitigate risks for the region. This will require you to have a deep understanding of the products and offerings of Wise in the region as well as regulatory requirements to be able to provide a demonstrably strong advisory role to the business on all topics related to risk.
You will be responsible for the design, implementation and updating of risk management policies and procedures and ensuring it aligns with group standards.
As a Director in Brazil, you will chair Latam risk committees, ensuring relevant risks are appropriately managed, remediated and escalated. This will require close collaboration across various teams both within LatAm as well as in the rest of the Group.
As the risk culture carrier, you will help embed a good risk culture in the first line across LatAm through proactive engagement, training and collaboration in supporting adoption of the three lines of defence model. 
As head of risk, you will be required to effectively engage regulators and central banks in articulating our risks and controls, and also, supporting the business to navigate regulatory risk requirements in the most efficient manner.
You will act as a liaison between internal audit, compliance testing, finance and operations and external parties for the purpose of audits and monitoring engagements.

 
This role would suit someone who has:

At least 10 years experience in mid-senior level risk management and working in an international setting.
Demonstrable knowledge on products, controls and risks, with at least one domain of expertise - financial risk, operational risk or product design and controls.
Experience in risks appetite statements and risks assessments and board reporting.
Good understanding of systems, management information, and reporting systems. 
Demonstrated track record of second line of defense independence and challenge escalation where concerns are felt.
Strong track record of partnering across multiple stakeholders to develop and drive effective solutions from a risk standpoint. 
Business fluent in English and Portuguese, with excellent written and spoken communication skills. Spoken Spanish would be an advantage.
Able to get stuff done - were a fast growing company and you will need an entrepreneurial mindset to thrive.
Can work independently and flexibly within a fast-moving environment.

It would be ideal, but not essential if you:

Meaningful experience working with external third parties, e.g., regulators, rating agencies, banks, external auditors, consulting firms.  

 Hybrid working model  A combination of work-from-home and from the office   Wisers can work remotely for 90 days a year. By remote we dont just mean from home, but from wherever in the world you choose to  An annual self-development budget  Health and dental allowance for you and your dependents  Company-paid: Life Insurance, and an EAP program  Paid time off: 30 days vacation  3 Me days  1 volunteer day, annually  A paid 6-week sabbatical leave after four years  18-weeks of paid parental leave, after a year with us and child care assistance Transportation vouchers Meal (560 BRL per month) and food (880 BRL per month) vouchers
 
LI-KE1Salary (annual)R432.000—R600.000 BRLWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.