Since 2011, Wise has had a clear mission: money without borders. Built by and for people who live global lives, were the fairest, easiest way to manage your money across borders.Were just at the beginning of our story and were growing at an incredible pace. We wont stop until anyone, anywhere can send, spend and receive money wherever they are, whatever theyre doing. Theres still heaps to do and we cant do it alone.
As part of the regulatory oversight team in APAC, youll be able to develop and implement compliance testing and monitoring plans for different markets and provide assurance to key stakeholders on our processescontrols by collaborating with other teams. 
This role will give you the opportunity to:

Develop an in-depth knowledge of Wises business and get to know teams across Wise as you work with them to understand the product and regulatory framework. 
Champion compliance through monitoring and testing by designing and executing a monitoring and testing plan for the region, sharing findings with your tribe and work together to strengthen our product compliance across our AsiaPacific markets.
Take on and own new projects that arise in any area of the compliance programme on a project basis. Take a problem-solving approach, whether designing a new process to be implemented or driving an effort for multiple teams to work together to remediate control gaps or process enhancements. 
Global cross team collaboration projects with focus on delivering impact for our fastest growing APAC markets - Australia, Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Philippines and New Zealand.

 
A bit about you:

Technical skills. You have a clear understanding of compliance risks and controls and are able to formulate risk based compliance monitoring and testing programs for different markets. Ideally, you have the ability to identify and analyse emerging compliance risks relevant to Wise.
Project management and communication. You have the ability to write and communicate clearly about our products, processes and controls as well as how they can be improved. Youre able to analyse different viewpoints across stakeholders and tailor your communication to get the message across.
Innovation. You have a passion for compliance operational efficiency and are able to work along with our analysts and engineers to develop a data driven approach to compliance monitoring and testing. Ideally, you have had experience using analytical tools (ie. SQL, Python).
Autonomous. Youre a proactive problem solver and able to work independently to contribute to the teams overall objectives. Youre adaptable to evolving priorities and have a strong ability to project manage such changes effectively.
Curious. You have an insatiable curiosity about AsiaPacific products, processes and puts our customers interests at the forefront. Youre excited to make an impact at Wise and enjoy working with cross functional teams to fuel the revolution.

 
A bit about the role:
As a member of the APAC compliance team, you will work closely with Compliance Officers, Product, Treasury, Finance, and Operations to develop and implement testing and monitoring plans for our diverse region. 
Building trust 



Manage and perform processes and controls testing - scoping the review, conducting the assessment and collaborating with teams to resolve findings.
Proactive communication of gaps and risks as well as proposing solutions as to how processes and controls can be strengthened.
Validate the effectiveness of regulatory controls to build a trusted relationship with key stakeholders. 



Strengthening the regulatory compliance framework



Lead regulatory compliance monitoring and testing projects in APAC.
Proactively monitor compliance health in the markets using data and visualisation tools.
Design meaningful and timely compliance indicators that enable internal teams and Board of Directors to analyse and assess our compliance risk levels.



 
What do we offer: 

Competitive base salary
Company Restricted Stock Units
Numerous great benefits in our offices 

Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

If youre interested in the position, please apply by submitting your CV and Cover Letter in English. Please note that we dont offer visa or relocation support, however, we accept applications from people that have a right to work in Malaysia.
 Salary (annual)RM108,000—RM174,000 MYRWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.