At Wise we believe that people who are closest to risks are the best placed to identify and address these. We are looking for a Compliance Manager to join the Wise team, who will work across our Product and Compliance teams to take our financial crime monitoring program to the next level. This individual will work closely with our AML, Fraud, and FIU teams to ensure our controls strike the right balance for our customers and our compliance requirements to prevent and detect financial crime. 
Your mission:

Collaborate with financial crime product teams to help define controls and support in the interpretation of global regulation to ensure our in house built AML, Fraud, and FIU product is best in class
Identify and drive enhancements that could improve our customer experience, unlock growth, improve our operational processes
Use data to define the effectiveness of controls and support the implementation of an ongoing testing program
Work with and support our product teams to implement and prioritise control improvements to strengthen our program while finding ways to create efficiencies
As improvements are identified in audits or by third parties define project plans and facilitate their implementation
Perform periodic reviews to ensure our controls remain complaint- reviewing changing regulations and industry guidance
Contribute to the mapping and assessment of controls as part of the annual financial crime risk assessment

A bit about you
We are looking for someone passionate about payments, fintech and compliance risk management and with an eye on the future. You should have:

Minimum 4 years experience working within financial crime with particular focus on implementing control enhancements
CAMS, ICA or equivalent certification desirable
Experience collaborating with product and engineering teams to develop financial crime controls
Strong data analytics skills, with comfort using a BI tool such as Looker.   
Clear communication, project coordination, and management skills.
A sense of camaraderie and good humour while under pressure or tight deadlines
Wisdom, a world view and talent for thinking outside the box
Professionalism and high integrity
Willingness to challenge teams and themselves on how to best serve our customers, while keeping processes robust and compliant!
25 international travel required when we can

What we offer in return:

Competitive base salary
Generous stock options package
Lots of awesome Wise benefits

Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, where and what you studied isnt important to us. If youve got great experience, the right skills for the role and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you.Were people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.