Your mission
At Wise, we are fully devoted to our Mission: Money without borders. Instant, convenient, and eventually free. And we know that we can only get there if we are investing strategically to be able to expand fast and grow further. That is why weve started our work on a new Servicing Platform. This is a strategic investment for us to significantly reduce the time for other teams to go to market while delivering an amazing quality of service and a great customer experience.
From one angle, the Servicing Platform will act like the brain of Wise: A place where all customer data is collected, processed and routed. A brain which knows it all - with power to make every single Wise interaction better. From another angle, its also a gateway for our teams with which we will create future products for millions of customers!

How youll be contributing to the Servicing Platform Team
You will be responsible for developing and executing the product vision, strategy, and roadmap. Our Machine Learning (ML)  Data Platform is a critical component of our business and enables us to build and aggregate features used for machine learning models and algorithms. How youll achieve this:

Working closely with engineering, data science, and business teams to identify and prioritise key features, enhancements, and improvements
Managing the end-to-end product development lifecycle, from ideation to launch, including requirements gathering, research, design, development, testing, experimentation and deployment
Tracking and reporting on key performance metrics and as the primary point of contact collaborate with stakeholders and cross-functional teams to ensure alignment and that our ML  Data Platform is meeting their needs
Developing a deep understanding of our customers needs and pain points and use that knowledge to inform product development decisions
Staying up-to-date on industry trends and best practices and leverage that knowledge to inform our product roadmap
By building a deep understanding of statistical analysis, data mining, and machine learning techniques, youll be supporting machine learning, analytics, and data science initiatives, including working with the data science team to identify and prioritise data-related requirements for machine learning models and algorithms
Utilising visualisation and dashboarding tools to enable easy and intuitive data exploration for analytics teams to leverage the ML  Data Platform
Understanding data privacy and security risks related to financial crime prevention and KYC, and being able to work with our information security team to ensure that the ML  Data Platform is compliant with relevant regulations and industry standards


This role will give you the opportunity to

Choose your path to impact  we believe people are most empowered when they can act autonomously. So rather than telling you what to do, youll work with your team to create a vision of your own. Of course, you can always gather feedback from smart, curious people across Wise but youll have the freedom to make your own calls
Grow as a product person and a leader  Grow and inspire your team to join our mission
Get amazing exposure to the full breadth and depth of our internal product finance systems while working with a group of amazing and dedicated product managers, engineers, analysts, and operations. 
Work with a modern microservices system with key parts written in-house, which allows to move fast and build controls and experiences that are above industry standards and push the boundaries of what is possible
Be part of our mission to make money without borders the new normal


A bit about you

You are a seasoned Product Manager with experience managing end-to-end product development lifecycles from scoping to delivery and post production support.
Youre hands on, and youd do everything needed to make the team and the product successful. You get it done by thinking strategically and executing tactically. 
You are familiar with machine learning frameworks, feature pipelines, data aggregation and transformation, and related technologies
You have experience with agile development methodologies and tools
You have the ability to work effectively with and unblock cross-functional teams of engineers, analysts, data scientists, etc.
You can autonomously prioritise based on impact and manage multiple projects simultaneously
Data-driven  You can pick up the signal from the noise. You are comfortable to dig deep into data, explore and make product decisions based on insights and your quantitative skills


Beneficial (but NOT mandatory) experience

Previous background in Computer Science  Engineering  Data Analytics  KYC or FinCrime or a related field
Deep expertise of machine learning model generation and deployment pipelines, feature storage and pipelines, data aggregation and transformation, and related technologies such as data warehousing, ETL, data modelling, and data quality tools
Experience with data gathering and transformation technologies like Kafka, Avro, Flink, Spark, AirFlow, etc.


Our Offer

Base salary: 46,200 - 80,640 gross  yearly base (based on experience  interview outcomes)
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs): https:www.wise.jobs20210326the-true-value-of-stock-in-a-high-growth-company-like-wise 
Numerous amount of other benefits: https:www.wise.jobs20200702benefits-in-our-tallinn-office::textHealth20and20wellbeing,3320days20off20every20year
Salary (annual)46.200—80.640 EURWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.