Were looking for a Japanese speaking Senior Content Specialist to join our growing SEO Content team. 
Content and SEO at Wise is about making sure we offer the best possible content and on-site experience to our customers. We dont believe in stuffing keywords in a blog article or building artificial links, but we do believe in a great copy that inspires and helps readers to find answers.
This role is ideal for candidates with senior level experience in Japanese SEO content marketing, who are passionate about blogging and content creation. 
At Wise were on a mission to empower our users to make smart financial decisions based on transparent information. Our content team is no different. We produce content and monitor its performance too, because we believe that working in SEO means that you understand how the content youre producing is helping the end user.
 
Your Mission:

Produce SEO optimised content for our JP blog, to help fuel adoption of Wise 
Revisit, optimise and improve older articles to boost their performance
Conduct keyword research to plan content that drives organic traffic to our blog and attracts new customers
Understand the wants, needs and pain points of our potential new customers
Edit copy - youre not afraid to fix copy or make direct changes when necessary
Find, coordinate and manage a bunch of talented freelance writers
Own your content - from ideas to briefing, proofreading, editing and finally publishing articles: you will own every stage of the process
You can put yourself in freelancers  businesses shoes, and create content plans that attract these potential business customers
Analyse the performance of JP blog, write up an analysis, and use these findings to bring more growth
Know and proactively monitor the competitor landscape in your locale
Can size up and prioritise content projectsinitiatives based on high growth impactpotential 
Can articulate and write-up the problem youre trying to solve, your hypothesis for how to fix it 
Strong collaboration within the SEO Content team as well as other relevant teams in Wise (ex. Product Manager for Japan)

 
About you

You speak and write Japanese on a native level 
You speak and write English on a native level, as our team communication language is English 
You have 2-3 years of SEO experience in Japanese and have brought a great impact in terms of number of new customers and revenue through your content (beyond just traffic)
Its preferred if you have worked on B2B content and successfully brought a great amount of business customers through your SEO content
You are analytical and able to use different SEO tools (GA, GSC, Ahrefs, SEMRush and Looker (bonus)) and explain your analysis  findings to other people in an easy-to-understand way 
Youre strategic and are used to building hypotheses based on data to bring new growth
You know your way around words. From small copy changes to fixing blog articles in bulk, youll get it done.
If you have worked for financial companies, thats a plus
You thrive more on autonomy than structure. Youre not afraid to take responsibility and ownership of your work

 
Whats in it for you?
Help us acquire new customers for Wise in a scalable and highly cost-effective way. Thats hugely important here because, unlike our competitors, our mission is to make foreign exchange eventually free.
Youll be part of a team of exceptionally talented marketers who consistently break new ground in performance marketing.
Within Wise we operate with a great degree of autonomy, so youll be in charge of your own workload and focus areas, giving you the chance to have a huge impact on one of Europes fastest growing  most successful startups.
 
Who we are
Wise was founded in 2011 with a clear mission: Money without borders so people and businesses can send, spend and get paid in any currency, whenever, wherever.
Sure, the heart of what we do is international money transfer. And were committed to making it instant, convenient and fair for millions of people, all over the world. But were growing our other products and our teams at an exciting pace. And were looking for the very best to jump on board.
 
About our team
The SEO Content Team currently consists of 40 (and counting) amazing people, from 20 different countries who are divided over 3 offices, so were truly a team without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We want to work with the best people, no matter their background. So if youre passionate about learning new things and keen to join our mission, youll fit right in.
Also, qualifications arent that important to us. If youve got great experience, and youre great at articulating your thinking, wed like to hear from you, because we believe that diverse and inclusive teams build better products.
 
What its really like to work here
At Wise, we do things a bit differently. Theres no corporate nonsense, and no old-fashioned hierarchy. Instead, we work in dozens of self-sufficient, autonomous teams. Think of them like start-ups within a start-up.  
Each team picks the problems they want to solve. So, theres no micro-management. No hiding behind fancy job titles. And no one is telling you what to do. You are your own boss. But youll get tons of guidance and plenty of support from your talented, super-smart teammates.  
Were going to be upfront — the way we work doesnt suit everyone. But if freedom, and life-affirming, head-scratching professional challenges rock your world, we could be a match made in heaven.
To find out a bit more about what its like to work at Wise — plus a full run through of our employee benefits — visit our careers page.
 
Key benefits:

Flexible working - whether its working from home, school plays or life admin we get that flexibility is essential and youre trusted to do the right thing and be responsible
Paid annual holiday, sick days, parental leave and other leave opportunities
6 weeks of paid sabbatical after 4 years at Wise on top of annual leave

 Salary (monthly)4,580—6,250 SGDWere people without borders — without judgement or prejudice, too. We believe teams are strongest when they are diverse, equitable and inclusive. Were proud to have a truly international team, and we celebrate our differences.
Every Wiser should feel that they can be themselves at work. Inclusive teams help us live our values and make sure every Wiser feels respected, empowered to share their contributions towards mission zero and able to progress in their careers.
Having diverse teams that reflect our diverse customer base helps us build a better product. We can be more creative and empathetic to our customers needs and life experiences and makes sure we leave no-one behind on our journey to mission-zero.
If you want to find out more about what its like to work at Wise visit Wise.Jobs.
Keep up to date with life at Wise by following us on LinkedIn and Instagram.