Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?Overview:
To support Trustpilots rapid expansion, were looking for a talented and service-minded Business Support Agent to join our team in London. 
This individual is tasked to provide support to our customers through all available support channels such as chat, phone, email, and other various communication platforms. You will work closely with sales and account managers to build working relationships and continue knowledge sharing. The support team is often the most common way our customers interact with us, so it is important to provide great support with an ability to smile through the phone.
We are a multinational team of customer service specialists working with omnichannel support tools to best assist our customers and consumers with a large variety of requests. We are trouble-shooters, out-of-the-box thinkers, busy helping hands, and a fun bunch.
Our focus is on excellent support, problem-solving, improvement of our processes, and collaboration within the team, and across teams. Supporters by nature, we are an open team where no question is too big or small, and no dad joke is ever too bad.
What youll be doing:

Provide support to companies and our community by email, chat and phone to assist implementation and troubleshooting of our product
Monitor incoming email alerts to the Helpdesk system and access the system frequently to ensure that any open tasks are acknowledged and responded to
Assist our customers solve any technical issues that are preventing them from setting up  using our services.
Build and maintain best practices and self-service guides enabling customers to solve future issues
Work closely with New Business, Customer Success and Product teams to ensure the best service for customers
Work quickly and efficiently to ensure all customers and consumers receive support in a timely manner
Be comfortable with both B2B and B2C support and familiar with tools such as Zendesk, Salesforce, Slack, Jira and eCommerce solutions.
Provide excellent teamwork with Support Agents on a global plan

Who you are:

Experienced in customer support within digital commerce
Excellent English communication skills. Additional European languages that we support are a bonus
Basic understanding of e-commerce and SaaS products
Ability to provide a high level of service and delivering a consistent performance against KPIs
Ability to independently stay organized and maintain a high workload
Ability to remain positive and professional while communicating
Capacity of explaining new concepts and provide training on products to other team member
Advantage to have Zendesk experience and knowledge about Frontend technology and Ecommerce concepts

Whats in it for you:

A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you
Competitive compensation package  bonus
28 days holiday plus two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning and Blinkist
Pension and Life Insurance
Health cash plan, Online GP, 247 Employee Assistance PlanFull access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health
Paid parental leave
Season ticket loan and a cycle to work scheme
Central office location complete with table tennis, a gaming corner with a Nintendo Wii and VR headsets, coffee bars and all the snacks and refreshments you can ask for
Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities and team socials.
Free breakfast and lunch in the office on Tuesdays and Wednesdays along with extra treats throughout the month — think ice cream carts, chocolate fountains and cocktailmocktail bars, to name a few
Access to over 4,000 deals and discounts on things like travel, electronics, fashion, gym memberships, cinema discounts and more

Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!
About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.