Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust? 
Overview:
Our new office in Amsterdam is looking for an Enterprise Account Development Representative to identify and drive sales leads for our products across the Dutch markets Youll play a pivotal role in ensuring that people across the world continue to see Trustpilot everywhere!
As an Enterprise Account Development Representative, you will identify key accounts to target, engage them with tailored content, uncover their businesstechnical challenges, and position Trustpilot internally as the right solution for them.
You will proactively contact the various prospects through phone, email and LinkedIn to generate leads that can be qualified and passed over to our Account Executives to convert. You will have a clear career development plan to becoming an Account Executive should you want to. We will provide you with all the necessary tools, guidance and mentoring to achieve your goals.
We are very proud to be one of the most viewed websites in the world and our customers partner with us to help them become better, to be seen more and to sell more. If you share our values of being open, transparent and collaborative and you want to sell a solution that you can really be excited about, then please read on
What youll be doing:

Be responsible for actively approaching potential new customers for Trustpilot by telephone, email and other channels
Research prospects and identify key stakeholders in order to generate interest and develop a good rapport within the Dutch market
Set up demos and calls between prospective customers and the sales reps
Support our Account Executives, who will work together with you to acquire new customers
Develop a high-quality pipeline for our sales teams via lead development and qualified sales opportunities
Proactively seek new business opportunities in the market
Consistently reach and exceed key performance indicators including lead generation and qualified appointments on a monthly basis
Develop skills necessary for promotion to becoming an Account Executive

Who you are:

Fluent in Dutch. Along with English working proficiency
Driven individuals looking for their first or second position in sales
Ambitious, motivated and performance-orientated with the resilience to consistently overcome objections
Aiming for a career in sales along with the desire to grow with our team
Motivated by exceeding targets and performance measurement
Professional persistence. Ability to think on your feet and make a compelling introduction to prospects
HUNTER mentality 

Whats in it for you?

On-going career development, training and one-to-one coaching via our in-house enablement team
Hybrid working model 23 days on site and the rest working from home
A  lucrative commission structure, company bonus and benefits
20 days annual leave; after 12 months of continuous service you will be entitled to 5 days extra annual leave
2 (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
At Trustpilot we care about your well-being; you will have full access to apps such as Headspace, Blinkist  LinkedIn Learning
A friendly, fun and small office with a Nintendo Switch, a popcorn machine, a coffee and tea machine with a mini ping pong table

We are:

Enthusiastic about what we do. Our sales teams are super collaborative and its a fun place to work if you enjoy seeing your hard work recognised and rewarded.
Our culture is fast-paced and our employees grow as we do. Youll have plenty of personal development opportunities thanks to our in-house enablement team and individual career mapping.
Ideas people. We like our employees to be creative and always advocate for new ways of working

Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!
LI-KW1About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.