Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?
Overview:
 
At Trustpilot were looking for an Account Development Representative to be the leading force that fuels our growing client relationships in the Dutch markets. The ideal person will be a proactive and curious member of our sales team, identifying growth opportunities for clients before a need or a gap has been stated. Youll be part of one of our successful sales teams that work across the Netherlands  Belgium, to help grow Trustpilots position. As an Account Executive, youll be advising businesses to use the power of social proof throughout the customer journey in order to increase the companies revenue. Your primary duties include finding new business opportunities for the company, recommending solutions to prospects and converting generated leads into new customers. You will be joining a culture with values that will empower you to be successful. You will be greatly rewarded for your hard work with future career opportunities, generous benefits for your well-being and balance and of course, a competitive commission structure.
 
What youll be doing:

Build and maintain lasting relationships with clients and partners by understanding their focus and anticipating their needs
Illustrate the value of Trustpilot products and software solutions to create growth opportunities
Compile and analyse data to identify trends when speaking to prospects
Perform prospecting activities such as cold calling and networking via E-Mail, LinkedIn and other channels
Achieve and consistently exceed monthly sales goals whilst developing a reliable pipeline
Proactively seek new business opportunities in the market
Develop skills necessary for promotion to becoming a Senior Account Executive

Who you are:

Fluent in Dutch. Along with English working proficiency
Background in Sales, Business Development or Account Management (Ideally within SaaS)
Proven ability to lead the sales process and negotiate business deals
Ability to present confidently and solve problems quickly
Knowledge of E-Commerce, market research, and data analytics is a plus
You are ambitious, self-driven and results orientated

Whats in it for you?

On-going career development, training and one-to-one coaching via our in-house enablement team
Hybrid working model 23 days on site and the rest working from home
A lucrative commission structure, company bonus and benefits
20 days annual leave; after 12 months of continuous service you will be entitled to 5 days extra annual leave
2 (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
At Trustpilot we care about your well-being; you will have full access to apps such as Headspace, Blinkist  LinkedIn Learning
A friendly, fun and small office with a Nintendo Switch, a popcorn machine, a coffee and tea machine with a mini ping pong table

We are:

Enthusiastic about what we do. Our sales teams are super collaborative and its a fun place to work if you enjoy seeing your hard work recognised and rewarded
Our culture is fast-paced and our employees grow as we do. Youll have plenty of personal development opportunities thanks to our in-house enablement team and individual career mapping
Ideas people. We like our employees to be creative and always advocate for new ways of working

Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!

LI-KW1About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.