Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?The Solutions Consultant (SC) delivers technical sales and product consultancy services to NewBiz, partners, and Customer Success. The goal for the SC is to be responsible for the free trials and to help increase win rate and deal size. The SC also assists with maintaining and increasing product knowledge in the NewBiz  CS departments as well as assisting on pre  post-sales activities and tracking accordingly via salesforce.
What youll be doing:
The SC is required to maintain a good balance in relation to product knowledge, focus on product reach, and make sure that Trustpilot is able to close business by:

Set up and run new trials.
Participate in pre-sales activities coordinated by sales reps.
Coordinate pre-sales activities with allocated sales reps (sales teams).
Work closely together with Support, Customer Success, Onboarding, Sales Ops, and New Bizz.
Build rapport with Enterprise New Bizz teams to work closely together on technical wins.
Maintain and update trial reporting accordingly.
Assist CS in technical solutions for upsells and renewals. 
Enterprise prioritization including troubleshooting. Refresher  scope training for trials  supporting modular trials on Ents accounts. 
Sales clinic. Personalised sessions looking with reps at hahard-to-converteads with technical blockers(e.g. Automation issues, lack of technical knowledge, etc).
Presales framework for deals over a certain value. Ensure the client knows what technology is being used, and how long to automate  integrate. 
Create onboarding and roll-out plans for New Bizz clients

 
Who you are:

Experience in a similar technical role.
A good understanding of e-commerce, social media, and SEO, ideally from a company working with SAAS or E-commerce.
Experience using Salesforce.
Have a good understanding and interest in HTML and JavaScript.
Technical support and troubleshooting experience.
A doer, who takes pride in providing a high level of service and delivering a consistent performance.
Ability to work in a team selling environment. You must enjoy working in a thriving environment and have an interest in supporting sales.
Self-motivated, goal-oriented with enthusiasm and commitment to achievement.
Experience and understanding of REST API or similar. (training provided)
Knowledge of scripting or other software development experience.

 
Whats in it for you:

A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you
Competitive compensation package  bonus
28 days holiday plus two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning, and Blinkist
Pension and life insurance
Health cash plan, online GP, 247, Employee Assistance Plan
Full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health
Paid parental leave
Season ticket loan and a cycle-to-work scheme
Central office location complete with table tennis, a gaming corner, coffee bars and all the snacks and refreshments you can ask for
Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities, and team socials.
Free breakfast and lunch in the office on Tuesdays and Wednesdays along with extra treats throughout the month — think ice cream carts, chocolate fountains, and cocktailmocktail bars, to name a few
Access to over 4,000 deals and discounts on things like travel, electronics, fashion, fitness, cinema discounts and more.
Independent financial advice and free standard professional mortgage broker advice

Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.