Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?

B2B Distribution team
Trustpilot is looking for an experienced and highly motivated Senior Product Manager to lead the definition, and ongoing development of new and existing partner integrations with eCommerce Platforms, Marketing Automation, Reputation Management, and Helpdesk systems. Additionally, this role will be responsible for Trustpilots widget library and partner API.
 
What youll be doing:

Leading a cross-functional team, which may include remote members
Owning various parts of the product suite throughout different stages of the product life cycle
Taking ownership of the product roadmap and backlog, and ensuring that they are aligned with business goals and customer needs
Prioritizing new features and enhancements using product frameworks from your toolbox
Conducting research and interacting regularly with end-users to gain knowledge about the problems you are investigating and defining and framing these problems with your team
Continuously evaluating the effectiveness of solutions through quantitative and qualitative measures, both in beta and after full launch
Collaborating with your team and others to be innovative and imagine future solutions to solve problems
Building relationships with stakeholders in sales, marketing, and customer success and promoting product-thinking throughout the organization
Communicating product plans, status, and issues to internal stakeholders and executive leadership
Motivating your team and colleagues to produce their best work possible

 
We are looking for people with:

Comprehensive understanding of product management principles and processes, including product strategy, product roadmap development, and agile development methodologies
Effective communication skills and ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams
Experience with user research, data analysis and data science 
Passion for delivering high-quality products that solve customer problems and drive business impact
Business mindset and can leverage data to inform your product decisions as well as establish metrics and KPIs
Understanding changes and trends in user behaviour around content consumption and generation
Awareness of emerging technologies like ChatGPTAI and how they can be used in the discovery space
Friendly, knowledgeable, open-minded, able to be part of a team as well as able to motivate and inspire others


 
Whats in it for you:

A competitive base salary ranging from 135-165k gross per year. This range doesnt include any variable pay such as bonuses, awards made under Trustpilots equity program or other benefits. 
A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you
20 vacation days  2 personal days 10 paid holidays per year 
2 (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning and Blinkist
Full health insurance 
401k matching your contributions dollar-for-dollar up to 4 of your base salary
Discounted club membership at Life Time Fitness
247 Employee Assistance Plan and full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health
Paid parental leave for employees who have been employed for over 6 months with full full scope of benefit after 12 months
Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities and team socials
A friendly, open office complete with a foosball table, roof deck with wifi (rooftop meeting anyone?!) and unlimited snacks and drinks 
Free breakfast and lunch on  Wednesdays and Thursday and extra treats and events during the month —  think ice cream carts, coffee bars and massages, to name a few

LI-JC1About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.