Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?Trustpilot is looking for a Director of Revenue Technology to oversee the development and implementation of our revenue technology strategy.
The ideal candidate will have experience in Salesforce stack, SFMC, SFDC, and Service Cloud. The role holder will be agile certified and have experience with running web teams and the agile development required to efficiently run several websites on behalf of Trustpilot. AB testing and an experimental mindset are a must.
What youll be doing:

Own and develop the technology pillar of our revenue technology strategy
Oversee the development of the Salesforce stack: SFMC, SFDC, and Service Cloud. (SQL  APEX)
Manage web teams and ensure agile development. (JavaScript, HTML5, ReactJS, NodeJS.) 
Conduct AB testing and experimentation
Ensure that all revenue technology projects are delivered on time and within budget
Work closely with other departments to ensure that revenue technology is aligned with business goals
Ensuring the effective end-to-end delivery of complex Salesforce Lightning projects
Developing relationships with senior stakeholders
Having full ownership of projects from budgeting, scheduling, team management, risk and quality
Create an open and transparent pipeline of work for business stakeholders
Achieving high levels of customer satisfaction throughout the project
Working with the leadership team to define internal processes and project delivery methods
Analyzing briefs, use case requests, development and management of a Technology Book of Work
Assessing risks, opportunities, deliverables, and threats for projects
Developing goals, tasks, and plans of development for Technology projects
Liaising with stakeholders and management about timelines, costs, and project objectives

Who you are:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field
Proven years of experience in revenue technology
Experience with Salesforce stack, SFMC, SFDC, and Service Cloud
Agile Certified Leader with Scrum Alliance or equivalent
Experience with running web teams and agile development required to effectively run several websites on behalf of Trustpilot
AB testing and an experimental mindset are a must
Proven experience with successfully managing Salesforce projects, including customization and configuration
Comprehensive understanding of Agile methodologies, with experience working in Scrum or Kanban environments
Agile Analyst Certification desired
Expert knowledge of JIRA ticketing methodologies and processes
Expert analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to translate complex requirements into user-friendly solutions
Effective communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to engage and influence stakeholders at all levels
Salesforce certifications (e.g., Salesforce Administrator, Salesforce Certified Platform App Builder) are highly desirable
Familiarity with software development life cycle (SDLC) and experience working with development teams
Experience in the SaaS industry and knowledge of customer review platforms are desirable

Whats in it for you:

A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to youCompetitive compensation package  bonus
28 days holiday plus two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning and Blinkist
Pension and life insurance
Health cash plan, online GP, 247 Employee Assistance Plan
Full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health
Paid parental leave
Season ticket loan and a cycle to work scheme
Central office location complete with all the snacks and refreshments you can ask for
Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities and team socials.
There is also breakfast and lunch in the office on Tuesdays and Wednesdays along with extra treats throughout the month
Access to over 4,000 deals and discounts on things like travel, electronics, fashion, fitness, cinema discounts and more.

Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!
LI-Remote LI-Hybrid LI-DK1About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.