Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?We are seeking a highly experienced and skilled Director of Operational Development to join our team. As a Director of Operational Development, you will be responsible for implementing Lean Six Sigma project management principles, promoting operational excellence, and maximizing efficiency across the organization. The ideal candidate should possess expert commercial operations knowledge, in-depth expertise in Salesforce and Marketing Cloud, and a proven history of managing complex technology projects. The Director of Operations Development will coordinate continuous improvement activities to ensure Trustpilot Global Operations  Revenue Technology team delivers the outcomes needed, to continually optimize and improve.
What youll be doing:

Lead, manage, and mentor a team of operations professionals, ensuring their productivity and performance align with organizational goals
Develop and implement Lean Six Sigma project management strategies to optimize operational efficiency, reduce waste and improve profitability. Lead on value stream mapping exercises to enhance efficiency  customer experience
Evaluate existing operational processes and systems, identifying bottlenecks and areas for improvement
Develop and implement standardized operating procedures (SOPs) to streamline operations and enhance productivity
Collaborate with cross-functional leaders to identify opportunities for process automation and implement appropriate solutions
Management of all performance data and dashboard development in Operations  performance improvement management and delivery. Work with our Data business partner on a plan to use BI to support performance improvements across Ops teams. Prepare high-level performance reports  analysis on key areas of focus. Work with functional leaders on improvement plans
Work directly with Salesforce Engineering on all pipeline and process improvements  front-end SPOC in Operations
Use advanced knowledge of Revenue operations to support business growth and increase operational effectiveness

Who you are:

Educated in Lean Six Sigma methodologies, ideally Green Belt certified
Extensive experience in technical program management with end-to-end ownership
Significant knowledge and experience in commercial operations, including sales, marketing, and CRM strategies, ideally in Big Tech
Proven expertise in Salesforce and Marketing Cloud, including configuration, customization, and data analysis
Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills
Leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills. Able to guide and motivate a team, influencing them towards achieving operational excellence
In-depth understanding of industry best practices, trends, and emerging technologies in operational development and project management

Whats in it for you:

A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you
Competitive compensation package  bonus
28 days holiday plus two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning and Blinkist
Pension and life insurance
Health cash plan, online GP, 247, Employee Assistance Plan
Full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health
Paid parental leave
Season ticket loan and a cycle to work scheme
Central office location complete with table tennis, a gaming corner, coffee bars and all the snacks and refreshments you can ask for
Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities and team socials.
Free breakfast and lunch in the office on Tuesdays and Wednesdays along with extra treats throughout the month — think ice cream carts, chocolate fountains and cocktailmocktail bars, to name a few
Access to over 4,000 deals and discounts on things like travel, electronics, fashion, fitness, cinema discounts and more
Independent financial advice and free standard professional mortgage broker advice

Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!
LI-Remote LI-Hybrid LI-LP1
 About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.