Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?Trustpilot is looking for an ambitious Financial Analyst responsible for delivering fast, accurate, and insightful numbers for our global stakeholders to support and inform the business. You are a driven self-starter who is able to work with senior leadership comfortably, takes tasks from start to finish, and someone who enjoys working in a fast-paced, challenging environment. Core responsibilities include development of the annual budgeting and financial planning and supporting the Executive team and Board with strategic analyses.
What youll be doing: 

Prepare forecasts, and annual operating plans while collaborating with business partners across the organization
Develop financial models and ad hoc analyses to support strategic decisions
Collaborate with a wide range of department leaders to build and maintain rolling revenue and expense forecasts
Prepare presentations for the Board of Directors and Management
Analyze and plan sales data to guide continued growth
Prepare public regulatory documents and presentations
Prepare monthly  quarterly financial results with associated commentary

Who you are: 

1-2 years of experience in investment banking or FPA
Highly proficient in Microsoft Excel, its advanced functions, and modeling best practices
Great Powerpoint and communication skills
Experience in financial modeling and data analysis
Knowledge of corporate finance, financial statements
Ability to work well within a team and in an ever-growing, progressive environment
Driven and motivated, self-starter
Comfortable managing competing priorities
Keen attention to detail, particularly when working with large datasets, turning numbers into actionable insights

We are:
The FPA team is located in NYC and works closely with the Accounting, Investor Relations, Group Financial Reporting, Corporate Development, and Sales Performance Management teams located in New York, London and Copenhagen, supporting the global CFO based in NYC. Our team operates under three core values of Collaboration, Growth, and Balance. We are constantly learning as the business changes and we support each other in our growth. This FPA team carries a lot of responsibility including most recently leading Trustpilots IPO on the London Stock Exchange and planning a Capital Markets Investor Day event in London which you can watch on our Investor Relations website.
Whats in it for you: 

A competitive base salary ranging from 90,000 to 100,000 gross per year. This range doesnt include any variable pay such as bonuses, awards made under Trustpilots equity program or other benefits. 
A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you
20 vacation days  2 personal days 10 paid holidays per year 
2 (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning and Blinkist
Full health insurance 
401k matching your contributions dollar-for-dollar up to 4 of your base salary
Discounted club membership at Life Time Fitness
247 Employee Assistance Plan and full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health
Paid parental leave for employees who have been employed for over 6 months with full scope of benefit after 12 months
Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities and team socials
A friendly, open office complete with a roof deck with wifi (rooftop meeting anyone?!) and unlimited snacks and drinks 
Free breakfast and lunch on  Wednesdays and Thursday and extra treats and events during the month —  think ice cream carts, coffee bars and massages, to name a few

 
Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!
 
 
LI-SH1
 About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.