Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?Overview of the role:
Trustpilot seeks an experienced and highly motivated Director of Channel Sales  Strategic Partnerships to oversee the strategy and ongoing development of new and existing partners. This role will be based in New York and will report to the VP, Commercial - North America. They will support a distributed team in the US. 
 
What youll be doing:


Develop the Channel and Partnership Strategy for North America


Defining a channel program, and develop tiering criteria across Enterprise, Mid, and SMB segments


Oversee a team that is responsible for selective new partner recruitment, new partner activation, and existing partner growth


Gain qualified partners commitment to becoming engaged and productive by formulating and conveying a compelling business proposition


Develop a joint business plan (including sales targets) that is aligned with policy and strategy


Be accountable for the successful onboarding and activating new partners; focus on ensuring the partners team members are enabled, equipped, and motivated to sell, market, deploy and support the Trustpilot offering within established timeframes


Promote a High Performance culture through the delivery of revenue targets at a Trustie and team level.  


Drive monthly partner alignment sessions to review partners pipelines, conduct winloss analysis, and develop account penetration strategies to identify and build new sales opportunities


Work with high-performing and high-potential partners to develop a quarterly joint business plan that defines strategies and activities to meet revenue goals; review and assess plan progress in partner-facing quarterly business reviews, making changes as appropriate


Engage  influence Trustpilot resources and stakeholders in support of partnership objectives and sales opportunities (e.g. direct sales, Product Liaisons, marketing, etc), Provide partner and market feedback loop to internal functions (e.g. sales, product, marketing) on tools and programs


Influence the strategic marketing approach for partnerships and the associated collateral.


Develop and support a team of partner managers with the primary goal of influencing revenue through direct partner sales, partner referrals, strategic partnerships, value-added resellers and co-marketing


Who you are:


We are looking for a motivated candidate and proven leader of direct and cross-functional teams who is familiar with the SaaS ecosystem. 


Significant partnership experience


Proven record in managing and growing B2B SaaS channel programs with SIs, VARs, BSPs, Media agencies


Existing network inside relevant partner ecosystem is desirable


Great Commercial mindset with expert negotiation skills as a persuasive written and verbal communicator


Ability to work individually and manage multiple projects simultaneously, with a great sense of urgency and attention to detail


Strong supervisory and leadership skills


Salesforce experience required


Whats in it for you:


A competitive base salary ranging from 160,000 to 160,000 gross per year. This range doesnt include any variable pay such as bonuses, awards made under Trustpilots equity program or other benefits. 


A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you


20 vacation days  2 personal days 10 paid holidays per year 


2 (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community


Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning and Blinkist


Full health insurance 


401k matching your contributions dollar-for-dollar up to 4 of your base salary


Discounted club membership at Life Time Fitness


247 Employee Assistance Plan and full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health


Paid parental leave for employees who have been employed for over 6 months with full full scope of benefit after 12 months


Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities and team socials


A friendly, open office complete with a foosball table, roof deck with wifi (rooftop meeting anyone?!) and unlimited snacks and drinks 


Free breakfast and lunch on  Wednesdays and Thursday and extra treats and events during the month —  think ice cream carts, coffee bars and massages, to name a few


Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!
 LI-IA1 LI-HybridAbout Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.