Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?This is a unique hybrid position spanning two teams both in Talent Development and in Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. The two teams are globally based between Denver, London and Edinburgh. Our People Strategy is bold, clear and meaningful. From leadership development opportunities to building an inclusive and equitable organization and elevating our companys performance, we are creating something quite special. 
As a DEI and Talent Development Partner, you will be owning, creating and leading the design and delivery of diverse initiatives, from leadership programmes to embedding DEI across Trustpilot. On this exciting journey, you will have the opportunity to mold and shape the future at Trustpilot and help not just deliver on our plans, but push the boundary of what is possible.
What youll be doing:

Provide and apply expertise in the design, development and execution of progressive Talent Development, DEI, Organisation Development  Culture initiatives to drive people transformation in the achievement of Trustpilots goals
Proactively and strategically partner and influence key stakeholders both locally and globally to identify learning and DEI needs and develop scalable innovative solutions
Customizing and creating data led insights that can shift the dial both in DEI and Talent Development 
You will partner with and develop our growing Employee Resource Groups elevating and embedding them as strategic culture and inclusion drivers across Trustpilot 
You will help design, deploy and deliver Trustpilots leadership development programmes and DEI learning initiatives 
Collaborate with the People Team to design key tools, frameworks  processes including; behavioral change, developing diverse talent pipelines, expanding the reach of our internal and external networks, and leadership development
Drive continuous improvement, innovation, accountability, and scalability of all initiatives and best practices within the DEI and Talent Development teams

Who you are:

Experienced professional with relevant experience consulting on a broad range of DEI programmes and initiatives, Organisation Development frameworks, Talent Development and DEI resources and tools
You will have attention to detail and strategicbig picture thinking. Bias for action and willingness to jump in to a fast paced ambiguous environment
You are confident leading and contributing to multiple fast paced projects at once
Someone who is data driven, confident in spotting trends and making recommendations, as well as using methods such as personas and human centered design to build out solutions to problems
A great communicator and facilitator, you can take people with you whatever the forum - virtual or in person; youll pay particular attention to ensuring understanding of and tailor your communication to the diverse communities that make up Trustpilot
Demonstrated experience of influencing senior stakeholders through creative and sharp proposal creation 
Experience developing and delivering content for virtual or self-paced learning solutions, virtual communities, performance support tools, self-assessments, videos, and curated micro learning
Experience working with industry leading Learning Management Systems (LMS) to create an engaging learner experience and reportingmeasuring learning impact.

Whats in it for you:

A competitive base salary ranging from 92000 to 95,000 gross per year. This range doesnt include any variable pay such as bonuses, awards made under Trustpilots equity program or other benefits. 
A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you
20 vacation days  2 personal days 10 paid holidays per year 
2 (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning and Blinkist
Full health insurance 
401k matching your contributions dollar-for-dollar up to 4 of your base salary
Discounted club membership at Life Time Fitness
247 Employee Assistance Plan and full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health
Paid parental leave for employees who have been employed for over 6 months with full full scope of benefit after 12 months
Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities and team socials
A friendly, open office complete with a foosball table, roof deck with wifi (rooftop meeting anyone?!) and unlimited snacks and drinks 
Free breakfast and lunch on  Wednesdays and Thursday and extra treats and events during the month —  think ice cream carts, coffee bars and massages, to name a few

Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!
 
 
LI-JN1About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.