Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?As part of the global digital marketing team and reporting to the head of paid media, we are looking to hire a digital marketing manager. This position will play a pivotal role in contributing to Trustpilot global growth. Were looking for a passionate, data-driven digital marketer to support our paid digital marketing programs. You will be responsible for executing the strategy for Paid Social, Paid Search, and test channels, with a focus on rigorous measurement of performance, testing, and optimization. Youll have the opportunity to work with different teams  agency partners and support multiple lines of Trustpilots business.
 
What youll be doing:
Primary:

Manage digital campaign calendars and serve as the primary point person with internal teams for campaign planning, assets creation  campaign optimization 
Oversee agency management of paid SEM campaigns and provide expertise to support big-picture optimization of this channel
Measure and report performance of all digital marketing campaigns and assess against goals (ROI and KPIs).
Identify trends and insights, and optimize spend and performance based on the insights.

Supporting:

Research and test partnerships with new vendors and channels to expand reach andor achieve lowest cost-per-acquisition.
Brainstorm new and creative growth strategies through digital marketing.
Plan, execute, and measure experiments and conversion tests.
Identify critical conversion points and drop off points and optimize user funnels.

Who you are:

Strong experience in digital marketing
Very strong project management skills
Demonstrable experience strategizing, setting up, managing and optimizing SEM, paid social, andor display advertising campaigns with strong performance results
Working knowledge of marketing analytics tools and ad platforms (e.g., Google Analytics, Google Search Console, SEMRush, etc.)
Expert knowledge of Google Ads, DV360,  Facebook  Linkedin Ads Manager
Experience with Salesforce tech stack
Experience with AB and multivariate experiments
Experience developing forecast and budgets
Ability to build reports and dashboards from scratch 
Experience with using data to support your point of view, but when data isnt available, youre able to develop a hypothesis and test out a potential solution.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, especially when presenting ideas to senior management
A global mindset; you will be working closely with team members across US, UK, ANZ, and Copenhagen offices
Proactive and driven to solve problems and find innovative solutions
Bonus points:

Working knowledge of SEO
Experience in optimizing landing pages and user funnels
Experience working in Hubspot marketing software


Whats in it for you:

A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you
Competitive compensation package  bonus
28 days holiday plus two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning and Blinkist
Pension and life insurance
Health cash plan, online GP, 247, Employee Assistance Plan
Full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health
Paid parental leave
Season ticket loan and a cycle to work scheme
Central office location complete with table tennis, a gaming corner, coffee bars and all the snacks and refreshments you can ask for
Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities and team socials.
Free breakfast and lunch in the office on Tuesdays and Wednesdays along with extra treats throughout the month — think ice cream carts, chocolate fountains and cocktailmocktail bars, to name a few
Access to over 4,000 deals and discounts on things like travel, electronics, fashion, fitness, cinema discounts and more.
Independent financial advice and free standard professional mortgage broker advice

Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!
 
LI-SH1 LI-REMOTE LI-HYBRID About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.