Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?We are seeking a Senior Engineering Manager who has extensive experience working in the data and cloud space. This person will oversee two distributed squads within Data Ops across the UK and Copenhagen.
At Trustpilot, we work as a team and deliver as a team. The environment that we cultivate includes working with great people who aid each other at every step, while at the same time encouraging you to bring your A-game. Everyones opinion matters and you can help come up with the next big idea that will bring Trustpilot forward. Join our team and shape the way we work. Are you up for the challenge?
What youll be doing:

Own the delivery of major initiatives and balance delivery with sustainable engineering practices.
Define, prioritise, and facilitate the implementation of deliverables that improve functionality to support business and customer needs.
Facilitate cross-functional scoping, estimation, and feasibility tasks for intended solutions.
Manage and mitigate high-risk elements of initiatives, effectively communicate issues, risks, and dependencies with stakeholders, escalating where appropriate.
Ensure teams have appropriately high technical competence and aim for quality.
Develop and support a great team of skilled and motivated engineers, setting clear expectations via constant feedback and 1:1s practices.
Collaborate with the engineering leadership to engage, develop, and retain talent.
Set up team members for success by creating growth opportunities, and addressing gaps in skills by mentoring and professional development coaching.
Build a positive and consistent work environment based on transparency, accountability, and trust.

Who you are:

Several years of Engineering Management experience on top of a solid technical background specifically in data.
Experience with cloud services, such as Google Cloud or AWS. (GCP would be an added benefit)
Comprehensive knowledge of Agile Methodology.
Experience with delivering scalable systems, and the ability to raise the bar.
Experience coaching, mentoring, and growing individuals and teams.
Extensive stakeholder management experience with a focus on working with the wider business.
Ability to create alignment across teams.
A desire to contribute to the future of Trustpilot, and the ability to make crucial technical decisions, in a pragmatic way.
You enjoy cloud and SaaS platforms and enjoy leveraging the services it provides.
Enthusiastic about empowering people on your teams to be at their best.

Whats in it for you:

A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you
Competitive compensation package  bonus
25 days holiday per year, with an extra 5 days holiday allocated after your 1 year anniversary (prorated) 
Two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning, and Blinkist
Comprehensive health package, pension, and full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health
Paid parental leave
Newly renovated central office with  a laid-back vibe and constant buzz of different languages being spoken everywhere you go Its complete with a coffee bar, canteen, and table tennis and has a wide variety of refreshments available - you can opt-in for breakfast and lunch at an affordable price
Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities, and team socials
Opportunity to join the Trustpilot Social Club for a small monthly fee and attend regular social and leisure activities like go-karting, cooking classes, and escape rooms 
Employee discounts to restaurants and shops 
Tax-Free Travel (DSB) 

Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.