Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?Overview:
We are part of an exploding industry where we have conquered the global market and now due to expansion we, are looking for a Customer Success Manager to join our Account Management function in Copenhagen. Our Customer Success team plays a crucial role in Trustpilots commitment to building trust and transparency between consumers and businesses around the world. The team is responsible for the after-sales customer journey, making sure they are satisfied and use our product to its real value.
In this role, you will be responsible for customer retention for our French-based customers. Youll be acting as a trusted advisor, developing long-term relationships and success plans for customers and ensuring that the maximum value is derived from Trustpilots products.
What youll be doing:

Establish a relationship with all our customers that ensures customers overall satisfaction with Trustpilot products, which will strengthen their adoption and ensure contract renewal
Ensure a premium experience for our clients by understanding their business objectives and Key Performance Indicators and ensuring Trustpilot delivers against them
Convey best practice examples that drive ROI
Ensure Trustpilot becomes the value-adding partner in targeted accounts
Act as a trusted adviser, advocating client needs back to Trustpilots internal support, product, engineering and sales teams
Successfully upsell Trustpilots products and discover new revenue opportunities
Increase renewal rates and reduce churn
Mapping various accounts in order to cross sell into other parts of their business
Influence future lifetime value through higher product adoption, customer satisfaction and overall health scores
Successfully onboard clients and ensure they fully utilise their paid subscription

Who you are:

Fluent French speaking. Along with English working proficiency.
Experience managing a large portfolio of SME and Enterprise customer accounts with a focus on achieving a high renewalretention rate 
Consistent track record of hitting targets in similar capacity over the past few years
Demonstrated experience with subscription based, renewal license models
Ability to build and maintain strong relationships with multiple stakeholders
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Adept of uncovering new revenue opportunities
Possess a solid ability to manage tough conversations in a professional and solution-oriented manner
Experience with selling in a competitive environment

Whats in it for you?

On-going career development, training and one-to-one coaching via our in-house enablement team
Hybrid working model 23 days on site and the rest working from home
A  lucrative commission structure, company bonus and benefits
25 days annual leave; after 12 months of continuous service you will be entitled to 5 days extra annual leave
2 (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
At Trustpilot we care about your well-being; you will have full access to apps such as Headspace, Blinkist  LinkedIn Learning
Paid parental leave
Newly renovated central office with  a laid back vibe and constant buzz of different languages being spoken everywhere you go Its complete with a coffee bar, canteen and table tennis and has a wide variety of refreshments available

Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!
LI-KW1About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.